===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello and thank you for standing by. My name is Bella and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to DTE Energy Q1 2025 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Matt Krupinski, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Matt Krupinski: Thank you and good morning everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind you to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix. With us this morning are Jerry Norcia, Chairman and CEO; Joi Harris, President and COO; and Dave Ruud, Executive Vice President and CFO. And now I’ll turn it over to Jerry to start our call this morning.
Jerry Norcia: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I hope everyone is having a healthy and safe year so far. This morning, I will discuss the achievements we’ve made this year as we continue to deliver for all of our key stakeholders. Joe will provide an update on the significant progress we are making to improve reliability for our customers while maintaining affordability. Additionally, she will provide updates on our renewable energy investment that supports our path to cleaner generation and data center opportunities that provide potential upside. And Dave will provide a financial update and wrap things up before we take your questions. Let me start on Slide 4. We’ve had a strong start to 2025 and are well positioned to meet our targets this year. Our success is a testament to our dedicated and engaged team committing to serving our customers and our communities. This year, we were recognized by the Gallup organization for the 13th consecutive year with a Great Workplace Award. And our employee engagement ranks in the 94th percentile globally amongst thousands of organizations. As I’ve mentioned before, our high level of employee engagement is our secret sauce, our continued success. We remain committed to making the important investments to enhance the grid and improved liability for our customers as we are committed to reducing power outages by 30% and cutting outage time in half in the next 5 years. As we continue to make these significant investments in automating and strengthening our grid, we see that the investments are working. We told you earlier this year that investments in reliability helped achieve a 70% improvement in time customer spent without power in 2024, and that metric has improved another 60% year-to-date versus last year. We are also performing above our aggressive targets for our operational metrics, including reliability and plant performance. In addition, our team supported our neighboring utilities to help restore power outside of our service area after a historic ice storm, wreak havoc in that region at the end of March. I know the state utilities and their customers are very grateful for our assistance. We remain committed to investing in the communities where we live and serve to support Michigan’s economy and employment opportunities. In 2024, DTE invested $3.3 billion with Michigan businesses creating and sustaining more than 14,000 jobs across the state. Last year, DTE invested $1 billion with certified diverse suppliers and nearly $1 billion with companies based in our home city of Detroit. As I said at the beginning of my remarks, we are off to a strong start this year and are well positioned to achieve our 2025 targets. Our 2025 operating EPS guidance range of $7.9 to $7.23 with a midpoint of $7.16 per share, which provides 7% growth over the 2024 original guidance midpoint, and we remained well positioned to achieve the higher end of our EPS guidance range this year. Our long-term EPS growth rate target remains at 6% to 8% with 2025 original guidance as the base for this growth. And as I mentioned on our year-end call, we have a 45Z production cash credit for RNG projects coming into the plan this year through 2027. Providing confidence we will reach the higher end of our growth rate 2025 through 2027, with flexibility exceed the high end of our guidance or support future years. So I’m feeling really positive about 2025 and the position we are in to continue to achieve long-term success. And regarding tariffs, we don’t see much of an impact this year or in our long-term plan. 80% of our capital plan is with service providers that would not be impacted by tariffs. Of the remaining material spend, we have been working closely with domestic suppliers and have built inventory that mitigates most of the tariff exposure. Obviously, we’ll see how all this plays out, and we are closely monitoring the situation. In summary, our tariff exposure is manageable at 1% to 2% of our capital plan, and we continue to work with suppliers to further mitigate that exposure. We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet and investment-grade credit ratings to support our customer-focused capital investment plan. We remain committed to deliver premium shareholder returns that our investors have come to expect. And our 2025 annual dividend of $4.36 per share aligns with our practice of providing a growing dividend as we continue to deliver EPS growth. Now let’s turn to Slide 5 to provide an overview of the progress we are making on our growth plan. We are building on a great progress that we made last year across all our business units so far this year. Starting at DTE Electric, we continue to enhance our reliability efforts following significant progress in 2024. We plan to increase our efforts on all fronts in 2025, including the continued deployment of smart grid devices upgrading existing infrastructure, replacing the 4.8 kV system and trimming trees. We filed a rate case, providing support for our customer-focused capital investment plan that will allow us to further improve reliability and focus on grid modernization while minimizing the impact on customer bills. We are making great progress with data centers, having executed nonbinding agreements with 3 different parties for projects totaling 2,100 megawatts. We are also actively engaged in discussions with additional opportunities, working with several hyperscalers and co-locators and opportunities within our service territory. This work will drive affordability for our customers and provide additional upside to our plan through renewable energy and storage investments. At DTE Gas, we continue to progress on our main renewal program as we modernize the gas transmission and distribution systems. Over the years, we have made significant investments into this program and realize timely recovery of these investments through the well-established infrastructure recovery mechanism. We completed nearly 2,000 miles since the IRM began, which is about half of the total miles set to be renewed. At DTE Vantage, we continue to advance custom energy solutions projects along with our RNG and carbon capture and sequestration projects. One project to highlight is the Ford Motor Company Custom Energy Solutions project that is in construction. This project will provide central utility plant services to Ford’s facility in Marshall, Michigan and is underpinned by a long-term fixed fee contract with no commodity risk. We expect commercial operations to begin next year. We are also progressing on another customer energy solutions project a 42-megawatt combined heat and power project, which will serve a large industrial customer and is expected begin construction later this year. And we continue to have a strong development pipeline behind these projects that support future growth. Before I turn it over to Joi, I just want to highlight on the next slide how Michigan continues to be a great place for economic development. Michigan continues to attract many large companies, particularly in Southeast Michigan, to the benefit of our state and our residents. A number of large companies, including General Motors, Henry Ford Health and the University of Michigan are making significant investments in our service territory providing significant economic development and providing thousands of jobs. Michigan is an attractive state for data center opportunities, particularly after legislation for the sales and use tax exemption was passed. And as we’ve discussed, data center development will support customer affordability. Just to highlight a few data points that show the strength of Michigan’s economy a number of economic indicators show positive growth in the first quarter of 2025 versus the first quarter of 2024, including housing permits are up nearly 10%, real estate GDP is up 2.6% and payroll employment up nearly 1%. And we are seeing customer growth in our service territory with both residential and commercial customer counts up over 0.5% in the first quarter of this year versus last year. There is a lot of economic development in Michigan and the business climate here is an attractive one to support the investments that will fuel significant growth for the state. So to wrap up my comments, I’ll just say I’m very excited about our start in 2025 and how we are well positioned to continue to deliver for our customers’ communities and investors now and into the future. Now I’ll turn it over to Joi. Joi, over to you.
Joi Harris: Thanks, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. As we discussed on our year-end call, DTE has a significant customer-focused capital plan, investing $30 billion over the next 5 years, with well over 90% of this investment in our utilities. At DTE Electric, we plan to invest $24 billion over the next 5 years to significantly improve reliability for our customers and further transition to cleaner generation supporting the success of our voluntary renewables program and Michigan’s clean energy legislation. And we are doing this with a continued focus on customer affordability. As Jerry mentioned in his opening comments, we are confident that we do not have significant exposure to tariff impacts and we continue to be in a great position to execute on our plan. Our grid modernization and renewable programs are on pace to deliver the targeted performance. Starting with our reliability efforts. We continue to make significant progress, building off of our success we achieved in 2024. In 2025, we are expecting to exceed last year’s efforts by installing 600 smart technology closers after installing 450 in 2024, completing 950 miles of pole top maintenance, replacing 5,500 utility poles, an increase of 2,100 pools being replaced from last year and turning over 6,500 miles of trees a significant increase from last year’s total of 4,300 miles. We are committed to our infrastructure investments and are focused on improving reliability for our customers, and the investments are working. As Jerry mentioned, our electric grid reliability has continued to show significant improvement over the past 2 years. And during a recent high wind weather event, we had one of our fastest restoration with 95% of our customers restored in 24 hours and nearly 100% within 48 hours. And we are making great progress toward our goal of reducing power outages by 30% and cutting outage time in half in the next 5 years. Our recently filed electric rate case is an important step in our customer-focused investment agenda. This filing addresses our continued infrastructure investments designed to improve reliability and generation investments to bring cleaner energy faster to the state. One important item to note in the filing is the request to advance the infrastructure recovery mechanism or IRM. Our previous order approved $290 million for 2025, and we are looking to increase this to $1 billion by 2029 in the current filing. This filing is consistent with the electric distribution audit that was completed last year, which confirmed that our proposed investment plan will deliver the dramatic improvements in reliability we have committed to our customers. We continue to deliver top-tier affordability through superior cost management, operational excellence with our power plants and one of the larger energy efficiency programs in the country. Our historical average annual bill increase is much lower than the industry average with our annual bill increase since 2021, well below the utility Great Lakes average and the national average through 2024 and also well below the general rate of inflation. Of course, as we continue to invest in our system and as these incremental opportunities come into our plan, we remain very focused on maintaining customer affordability. Data center opportunities, along with our distinctive continuous improvement culture to drive cost management will continue to support affordability for our customers. Let me move to Slide 8 to highlight progress in supporting our clean energy transition with potential increased load growth. We have plans for significant investment in cleaner generation over the next 5 years and into the next decade, significantly increasing our generation of both solar and wind as well as battery storage. We currently have well over 2,300 megawatts of renewable generation in service, and we are building 800 megawatts of renewable energy per year on average over the next 5 years; solid land positions, combined with our ability to successfully move these projects through the interconnection and permitting processes, provides the pathway to execute these investments. This progress has allowed us to safe harbor investment tax credits for these renewable projects through 2027. And with the support we are seeing, we remain confident that key provisions of the IRA will stay in place, supporting our ability to execute these investments affordably for our customers. So we are in a great position to execute our transition to cleaner energy, preparing to serve our customers for years to come. We are also well positioned to serve increased load that may come into our service territory, mainly from the potential of significant demand from data center development as well as further economic development in Michigan. We are currently making great progress with data centers executing nonbinding agreements with 3 different parties for projects totaling 2.1 gigawatts. We are also actively engaged in discussions with additional opportunities as we continue to work with a number of hyperscalers and colocators on opportunities within our service territory. As you know, key legislation was passed for the sales and use tax exemption and this has helped us further progress discussions for data center projects. Excess capacity of up to 1 gigawatt puts us in a great position to serve this demand quickly. These projects require some additional investment to support the early load ramp in the near term. and will provide longer-term investment opportunities in new baseload generation, which would be supported by the 2026 IRP. And as we have said, these data center opportunities are all upside to our 5-year plan. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Dave to give you a financial update.
Dave Ruud: Thanks, Joey, and good morning, everyone. I’ll open by saying that 2025 is off to a strong start, and we remain positioned to achieve the high end of our guidance this year. Let me start on Slide 9 to review our first quarter financial results. Operating earnings for the quarter were $436 million. This translates into $2.10 per share. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. I’ll start the review at the top of the page with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $147 million for the quarter. Overall, DTE Electric had a strong first quarter and is on track to achieve full year guidance. Earnings were $47 million lower than the first quarter of 2024. The main drivers of the variance were timing of taxes and higher rate base costs, partially offset by rate implementation, cooler weather lower O&M costs and higher renewable earnings. The impact from the timing of taxes was fairly significant at $67 million relative to 2024. This is related to investment tax credits on 2 solar projects went into service in the first quarter. This timing was known and built into our plan, and it will reverse during the balance of the year. Moving on to DTE Gas. Operating earnings were $206 million for the quarter, $46 million higher than the first quarter of 2024. The earnings variance was driven by more favorable winter weather and rate implementation partially offset by higher O&M and rate base costs. Let’s move to DTE Vantage on the third row. Operating earnings were $39 million for the first quarter of 2025. This is a $31 million increase from 2024, driven by higher RNG earnings, including $15 million of 45Z production tax credits and higher custom Energy Solutions earnings. On the next row, you can see Energy Trading earned $34 million for the quarter. We continue to experience favorability and strong margins in our contracted and hedged physical power and gas portfolios, putting us in a strong position to start 2025. Finally, Corporate and Other was favorable by $31 million quarter-over-quarter due to the timing of taxes, partially offset by higher interest expense. As with DTE Electric, this timing will reverse during the year, and we expect to end the year in the guidance range for this segment. Overall, DTE earned $2.10 per share in the first quarter of 2025, which positions us well to achieve the high end of our guidance range in 2025. Let me wrap up on Slide 10, and then we’ll open the line for questions. Our team continues our commitment to deliver for all of our stakeholders. The 2025 operating EPS guidance midpoint provides 7% growth over the 2024 original guidance midpoint and we are positioned to achieve the high end of our guidance this year. Our recently updated 5-year plan increased capital investment by $5 billion over the previous plan to $30 billion primarily to support our customer-focused reliability investments and our cleaner generation, as Joi discussed. Additional data center opportunities provide upside to this 5-year capital investment and EPS growth plan. Our plan provides high-quality long-term 6% to 8% EPS growth through these increased customer-focused utility investments and the shift to more utility-like investments at DTE Vantage. DTE continues to be well positioned to deliver the premium total shareholder returns that our investors have come to expect with a strong balance sheet that supports our future capital investment plan with modest equity issuances of $0 to $100 million over the next 3 years. We are confident in our long-term operating EPS growth rate target of 6% to 8% through 2029 with RNG tax credits, providing additional confidence we will reach the high end of our growth through 2027 and also provide us flexibility to exceed the high end or support future years. With that, I thank you for joining us today, and we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Nick Campanella with Barclays. You may begin. Your line is now open.
Nick Campanella: Hey, good morning everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Hope everyone is well.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Nick.
Nick Campanella: Hey, good morning. So maybe just to start, a good message on tariffs. I appreciate the color. Maybe you can kind of just give us a flavor of how you see this maybe impacting the auto sector, what your exposure is there? And then just general economic activity in the service territory just noticed like the C&I weather normalized trends were a little bit lower quarter-to-quarter. I don’t know if that’s timing, but just maybe kind of talk about how the plan is resilient to potential economic downturn if it goes that way?
Jerry Norcia: Sure. Thanks Nick. So certainly, we got some encouraging news for the autos on tariffs, where – the tariffs were modified significantly for parts. That was the big deal for the automakers, especially. When I talked to several of the auto execs, the feeling I got was that relief on the import and export of parts, which move across the U.S. and Canadian border here quite frequently into Canada and from Canada, that provided significant relief. I think the assembly portion of the tariff remains in place. Some of the automakers are positioned better than others in the sense that they can have flexibility as to where they can assemble vehicles and move some of that production domestically. So much still remains to be seen. But as we mentioned in our opening thoughts, I think you can see that we – the economy here in Michigan remain very resilient, and we’re not seeing any significant reductions in production or any plant adjustments of significance at this point in time, so looking pretty bright. I’ll hand it over to Dave to talk about the sales results and what we’re seeing there as well. Dave, you want to add to that?
Dave Ruud: Sure. Hey, Nick, it’s good to talk to you. I’ll start by saying our actual sales were actually up because weather was great. And even when you look at the weather adjusted numbers. Our sales for the quarter were pretty good after you adjust for a leap year last year and energy efficiency. So leap year accounts for about 1% because there was an extra day last year. And then our energy efficiency is about 2%. So we had really good base growth across our customer classes. And then as we discussed in our presentation and Jerry mentioned on Page 6, we’re seeing some positive economic indicators with housing permits being up 10% and in Southeast Michigan here, real estate GDP being up over 2.5%, and payroll employment up about 1%. So we’re still feeling good about our load and the economic prospects for it as well.
Nick Campanella: That’s great. And then just on the data center and large load customer conversation, it sounds like those conversations haven’t slowed down at all. And you’re having additional conversations. So just can you give us some color on when we can maybe see an uptick to that 2.1 gigawatt number? It sounds like you’re having kind of multiple convos with aggregators and hyperscalers, and is there a chance that you can maybe roll more into the formal backlog by the second or the third quarter? Thanks.
Joi Harris: Yes. Good morning, Nick. Yes, data center conversations are continuing. There has been really no slowdown. Obviously, we’ve got excess capacity, so that makes our service territory ideal and the legislation is helping to create some urgency because it requires construction to begin no later than 2028 to take advantage of the tax exemptions. With that said, we did announce the 2.1 gigawatts of frame agreements with Switch and UFM. UFM has already upped their demand from the 100 megawatts to 220 megawatts. And we’re working on finalizing that deal. And then we’re continuing to work the energy service agreements for the remaining providers. We’ve got an additional pipeline of roughly 3 gigawatts with hyperscalers and co-locators. And those entities are making significant inroads on securing the land that they need. So this is all moving in a very positive direction. We have a shared goal of getting something finalized before the end of the year, and we’ll incorporate any near-term changes to our long-term plan based on those agreements later this fall. Likewise, if we have to move towards some base load increases, we’ll incorporate that into our IRP filing next year.
Nick Campanella: Yes, that’s all really helpful. Hope you guys had a great day. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning. Thank you for giving the time.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra: Good morning, Dave, Joi, Jerry. Just I wanted to follow up on Nick’s question. And obviously, we’ve been in a lot of discussion with investors on your auto exposure as well. Just maybe some more meter on the board. Can you clarify what your margin exposure is? I know the sales number is pretty big as it relates to autos. So what’s your margin exposure, let’s say, for 2025? And with all this hyperscaler activity in the region, where do you see that going, let’s say, through ‘27, ‘28? Just high level color, please. Thank you.
Dave Ruud: Yes. Thanks, Durgesh. Yes, our margin from autos is around 3% to 4% of our total margins. So even if we had like a 10% change, up or down, it doesn’t have that much of an impact overall on our plan. So – and we’re feeling pretty good right now that the auto exposure good right now that the auto exposure based especially on some of the information yesterday, I think we’re in a good place with that going forward, too. What was your second question on data center, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Yes. Just I was trying to gauge with all this data center activity, where do you see that going forward, right? Presumably, you have all this data center load coming into Michigan and your relative weighting of the auto sector will probably shrink over time, right just any high level thoughts there?
Dave Ruud: Yes, it will because just from the 2 gigawatts we’ve talked about, if you look at that, that provides like 4% load growth over the next 5 years. So yes, it would put a little less on our auto exposure, but we still feel comfortable with our auto exposure also.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. Perfect. Just one quick follow-up. I know it’s small, but the PBR kind of ruling, has that been factored into this rate case filing? I know it’s small, but just any thoughts or color you could share there?
Joi Harris: Yes. Durgesh, hi, this is Joi. Yes, the commission did issue the order in February and they essentially adopted the straw proposal and they weren’t responsive to our concerns on symmetry. So, we are really satisfied with the outcome. The mechanism would go into effect in 2026 and it’s capped at $10 million for incentives and penalties. As for the proposed metrics, I mean we are really happy with the metrics. In fact, our performance across all of those metrics is green for the year. So, we are on target. We did file our response to the order last month and we are expecting to hear something back from the commission later this year. But all of this would impact 2026, not necessarily 2025. In terms of our rate case filing, our filing is in line with what we had articulated earlier, staying the course on the IRM and incorporating the Liberty audit findings in our plans. So, in terms of PBR, there isn’t anything specific, but the reliability improvements will only improve how we are performing relative to the PBR requirements.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Very helpful color Joi. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: I know it’s not the biggest part of the business, but energy trading. Just wondering if you could spend a bit there and if results in the quarter were in line with your expectations, how we should think about shaping across the year or is there any kind of upward look versus budget?
Dave Ruud: Yes. Hi Jeremy, it’s Dave. Yes, it was a good quarter in energy trading. We earned $34 million, our guidance is $50 million to $60 million for the year. And it’s really strong performance continuing in our contract that in hedged both our physical power and gas portfolios. This is what we experienced in ‘23, continued in ‘24. And we are seeing some strong margins on some of these contracts 1-year to 3-year contracts there. Some of it is historical that it’s continued to come through. And as we go through the year, we could continue to see some favorability from these positions. It’s a little too early to say, but if it does, we will be able to use that strength to support and invest across our segments again to support future years as we go – as we look to ‘26 and beyond.
Jerry Norcia: Yes, I was going to add a bit to that Jeremy. I could tell you the leadership team here worked deep, really deep into ‘26 and also starting to plan for ‘27. We are seeing strength across all our BUs right now. And we will use that strength as Dave said, really to strengthen ‘26 and ‘27. So, really good position to be in, this is what I would say traditional DTE planning forward. So, we are – I feel really good about it.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s helpful. Thank you for that. And maybe just touching on Vantage quickly here, just wondering any updated thoughts, I guess on the business outlook there, the business mix, any changes in the strategy in light of potential IRA changes or just anything else on the Federal side that might influence your thinking at this point?
Dave Ruud: No, our strategy at Vantage continues. As we talked about in our year end call, we are shifting to more utility like investments there, so that’s more of our utility like central plant services, contracts we have with large industrial and large commercial customers. But all the projects that we have that are – that we have talked about are either safe or already under the existing IRA. So, nothing that’s changing at the Federal level really changes our strategy at all at Vantage.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Great. That’s it for me. Thanks.
Operator: The question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Good morning team. It’s actually Constantine [ph] here for Shar.
Joi Harris: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Maybe just starting off on the renewable energy plan and kind of the level of the IRP and the proposed decision and how supportive is that of just the renewable demand that you anticipate over the next couple of years? And how does that decision kind of play into the IRP process and any kind of early takeaways that you could highlight?
Jerry Norcia: Constantine, can you repeat the first part based on which decision.
Unidentified Analyst: That’s the renewable energy plan?
Jerry Norcia: Yes.
Joi Harris: The IRP. Yes. So, the IRP, I think it’s what we filed just was in line with our IRP. And we are continuing to advance our renewable program. We have a strong pipeline. We have got good land positions. It doesn’t really change what we had already laid out. So, we are going to continue down that path. And then the additional interest that we see from data centers may bring some additional renewables into our plan as well. So, the IRP filing, we will get the outcome of that over the next couple of weeks. The full outcome will have a full rendering of that over the next couple of weeks. But nothing is changing at least near-term in our plan based on what we have heard thus far.
Unidentified Analyst: Excellent. Great to hear. And maybe in the rate case proceeding that was just filed, can you contrast on anything that is new in the current rate case versus prior request and with regards to the IRM expansion, what lessons learned are you building into this cycle? Is the commission receptive to a more substantial IRM?
Joi Harris: Yes. Thanks for the question. I will just recap the case. Again, this is all about the capital we need to continue to improve reliability and transition to cleaner generation for our customers. And the full ask as you have seen is $574 million, which is roughly $0.44 a day for our customers. And when the case is finalized, the total bill growth is still expected to be below the rate of inflation. So, you can look at Page 16 in the deck and you can see where we are relative to the rate of inflation. We think we have put forth a solid case. We have got some really compelling circuit level benefit cost analysis and performance data that is showing that these investments are working. Some of the key initiatives in the case include the expansion of the IRM, as you mentioned. And they align with the Liberty audit. So, we upped the ask in the IRM for pull top maintenance specifically, and that was called out in the audit. We are continuing our work for automation. We are showing that that automation is reducing the duration of outages and making the grid more safe. We have also included funding for sub-transmission in the IRM and some maintenance on other aging equipment. So, feeling really good about what we have included and how it aligns with the Liberty audit. We are also requesting an expansion of our tree trim efforts. We are increasing the scope. We have seen that by increasing the scope, we can reduce outages even further. And we have shared all of this with the commission. So, the ramp that we have proposed is significant, but we have tiered it such that they can give consideration for the results that we are achieving and they have got some flexibility in how they respond to our requests. If you look at how we have performed though, and this is I think is really compelling and I am really proud of the team. We mentioned that there has been a 70% improvement in reliability from 2023 to ‘24 and a 60% improvement in reliability year-to-date based on performance last year for the same time. So, I think the commission acknowledges and they did acknowledge publicly during the hearing in February that these investments are working and the reliability is showing up in positive ways for our customers. So, we are looking forward to their response in August to see how staff feels about the case. But I think we have offered a lot compelling testimony that supports the ask.
Unidentified Analyst: That’s great color. Thanks. And maybe just a quick follow-up to the next question on the data center conversation. Is there a targeted timeframe that incremental deals are currently seeking in terms of in-service dates or ramp up timeframes?
Joi Harris: Yes. I think what’s driving a lot of the urgency is the way that the legislation is put together. It requires that they start construction by 2028. So, that means they have – there is some urgency on their part to get something done. And the activity just continues. I mean the team is out talking to new data center providers each and every day. In fact, they are having strong conversations with our current pipeline participants and then looking to source additional demand from other providers in and around the area. So, I think we are making really good progress. I think we will have something done by the end of the year. We are continuing to work and like we said, U of M deal has already increased from where it started. So, this is all positive movement.
Unidentified Analyst: Excellent. Appreciate that. Thanks for taking our questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
David Arcaro: Hey. Thank you. Good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning David.
David Arcaro: Hey. I was wondering if you could touch on tax credit transfers. I was curious how much you embed in your plan currently and how might you manage the financing outlook if transferability were to change or go away under some of the Inflation Reduction Act discussions?
Dave Ruud: Yes. First, thanks David, for the question. First, let’s say we feel comfortable with the IRA and the provisions of the IRA. And as we have discussed, there is a bunch of Republican congressmen and senators that are supporting it. And in that, they are also supporting transferability. So, we feel good about the IRA provisions that support our plan and transferability. It was specifically made part of the IRA and linked to the credit program to drive support. So, we are going to continue to work with lawmakers to ensure that that stays aligned going forward. And as you know, we do have transferability as part of our plan. In fact, we used $230 million of transferability benefit in 2024. That’s really a testament to success we are having in developing affordable renewal projects for our customers as part of the Michigan clean energy plan. So, first, I will say we think the likelihood of anything around transferability or any risk is low. But if it were at risk, we think we are in a good position to manage the impacts and continue on our growth rate. First of all, like as Joi mentioned earlier, we have safe harbored our renewable investments through 2027. And we think there would be strong support in any scenario for the transferability related to these investments to continue to be supported because historically, Congress has consistently kept incentives in place that taxpayers relied upon when making investments. So, that alone would support our IRA invested – IRA related cash flows through ‘27. And then we have additional tools too. So, just prior to the IRA being enacted, we gained support for a tax equity structure with our commission. So, we could continue to support our projects and deliver the benefit for our customers as we build to meet Michigan’s clean energy plan. And then we have a strong balance sheet. And so that provides flexibility to maintain our position while we build out our plan. So, we look at other equity and financing needs, hybrids like Junior Sub that would help us. So, we think through the safe harboring tax equity, strong balance sheet, and the options we have, we will be able to mitigate the impact in the unlikely event there would be any impact to transferability going forward.
Jerry Norcia: So, David, just to add a summary of that, at the highest level, our investments are really dictated by the IRP settlement we made in 2023, and also the Michigan Clean Energy Legislation that passed in 2023. So, that kind of sets our investment agenda into renewables, battery systems, and also natural gas development for that matter. And really the IRA provides affordability for our customers. And I think as you heard Dave describe, we are safe harbor through 2027. And then if there is a remote possibility that something could change, we would have many other tools that will help us manage that affordability for our customers. But we are committed to this investment and our legislation and IRP settlement sort of dictates these investments for us.
David Arcaro: Yes. Okay. Got it. Absolutely. That’s helpful color. I think I will leave it there. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sophie Karp with KeyBanc. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Sophie Karp: Hi. Good morning and thank you for the question. So, I just wanted to really follow-up on the solar development pipeline. I understand you guys saying you are safe harbored through 2027. Does that actually mean that you have panels on the ground already, or to say, or just some part of that? And what is the outlook beyond that? And I am asking because some solar companies, they are coming up with pretty dire commentary and calling some of the solar projects at the reciprocal level of tax and economic, right? So, I guess what’s your outlook there? How do you see your development pipeline if the reciprocal tariffs would come back in?
Joi Harris: Hey Sophie, this is Joi. Yes, we are feeling good about our solar positioning. We did in fact safe harbor and we do have those panels in warehouses right now. So, we have got adequate inventory on hand to complete projects through 2027. And we are continuing to source additional panels from providers that have minimal tariff risk. Even some of the providers that we have now are, they are on-shoring their production. I think one of the panels for providers is breaking ground as we speak, cutting the ribbon on their production facilities right here in the U.S. So, that’s been our mode of operation. Where we do see some tariff risk, we have tried to insulate ourselves and have the provider take on that tariff risk. So far, they are delivering, they are furnishing on the panel. So, we are not seeing any near-term risk to our plans and we feel good about the inventory that we have on hand.
Sophie Karp: Great. Thank you. And then my other question was on your rate case, right, so electric rate case? So, is there – do you expect to, I guess fully litigate the case? So, is there a new pathway to settle in this time around? Has anything changed in this regulatory landscape since the last time?
Joi Harris: Yes. So, it’s too early to say. We always will entertain settlement discussions. We will know in August when we see our staff and intervener testimony. But worst case scenario, we will get an order in the February timeframe.
Sophie Karp: Sounds good. Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Sullivan: Hey. Good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning Michael.
Michael Sullivan: Hey Jerry. Sticking with tariff and the tariff risk mainly, can you just remind us, do you have any battery storage in your plan and what we should be expecting in terms of potential cost pressures there?
Jerry Norcia: So, we do have battery storage in our plan. We have not purchased the battery, so we actually have flexibility in terms of how we manage that. But as I mentioned in my opening thoughts, just go back to the tariff impact, 80% to 85% of our spend is on services. So, when we look at the balance of spend, and you know that we have focused for many years on domestic supply and local supply. As I mentioned in my thoughts, our early opening thoughts, over $3 billion of our spend is in Michigan. So, this puts us in a really good position. And I have asked the team to do a deep dive on all tariff exposures in our gas, electric, and Vantage business. And when we look at all of that, the summary is, in the worst case, it’s a 1% to 2% impact over the near-term and long-term. And that’s very manageable for us. And as a matter of fact, with the conversations we are having, we are going to come well below that is our expectation. Also, just to add a little bit of color on that, the number of conversations that our supply chain team is having about on-shoring for domestic production, the IRA kind of gave an incentive for domestic production. And I think the tariffs are a bit of an accelerant on those conversations. So, for example, inverter supply, transformers, solar panels, battery manufacturing, all many, many conversations about the ability to sort of on-shore that equipment manufacturing. So, like Joi mentioned, there is plants that are opening up, there is plants that are already open. So, it’s quite an interesting opportunity for a more holistic perspective for our service territory and for the country.
Michael Sullivan: That’s great. And flipping over to maybe the fossil side, I know the IRP is not till next year, but what are you seeing in terms of gas new build costs and timing? And are you considering at all potentially pushing out coal retirements like Monroe, just given some of the lead time pushback or push out that we have seen?
Jerry Norcia: Well, I think with the executive orders that have rolled out, the one that’s most encouraging for us at the highest level is there is this section 111D provision in EPA rules that was going to be very expensive to build new gas plants. So, we are really excited with the prospect of that being sort of rescinded. I know the industry has made a big push for that last year, and I think with this new administration, we have an opportunity to see that actually happen. So, we are excited to see that move forward in a positive direction, which will make the economics of building new gas plants, which is something we have to do, Michael. Our coal plants are old, and we may get some flexibility with our coal plants, but in the end, we have got to shut them down because they are quite old and need to be replaced with new technology, high quality technology in the form of renewables, batteries, and combined cycle plants. So, we are looking forward to a little more flexibility with gas plants, primarily.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Great. And just one quick one, if I could squeeze in for Dave, the 45Z tax credits for this year, the $50 million to $60 million, are the projects associated with that all online already, or are there some you still have to bring into service?
Dave Ruud: Hi Michael. No, they are all online, and in fact, we are kind of, we are earning on those right now. So, of the $50 million to $60 million, if you look at our quarter, we will have $15 million of the credits that we have earned this quarter already.
Michael Sullivan: Perfect. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Andrew Weisel: Hey. Good morning everybody.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: I have got one housekeeping and one follow-up, please. Firstly, what was the FSO to debt on a trailing 12 months, please?
Dave Ruud: We are right at 15%, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. Then the follow-up for, Joi, please. You talked about the IRM and plan to increase it from $290 million to $1 billion by 2029. How are you thinking about the path to get there? Are you hoping to get it kind of all in one shot, or will it be gradually ramping over time? I know it’s been a multi-year conversation, but I – and you mentioned the support is there from the Liberty audit. But how are you thinking about the path to get there? And the way you see the world today, would a $1 billion approval be enough to stay out for longer than you have been typically going in kind of annually, or how do you think about the timing of the next rate case if you were to get it at that $1 billion level? Thank you.
Joi Harris: Hey Andrew. Yes, we proposed a ramp, right. So, we are stepping into this over a 3-year timeframe, and that’s how we proposed it in previous cases. The difference being we have got some really solid data for the investment categories that show how these investments are delivering better reliability for our customers. And it’s at the circuit level. So, we believe that’s solid support for expansion of the IRM. And then likewise, the areas of investment align perfectly with what the Liberty audit offered in its findings. And so we believe the commission will take this into account, but we have offered two tiers, one that ramps immediately to a $1 billion and then a step below, so it gives them some flexibility in their decision making. If we get to a $1 billion ramp, that would keep us out of cases. I would say it puts some distance, maybe 6, 8, not quite 12, I don’t think, but it would certainly put some distance between our next filing. But we won’t know for certain until we hear back from them and the early indicator will be in the August timeframe.
Andrew Weisel: Alright. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Travis Miller with The Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Travis Miller: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Jerry Norcia: Hey Travis.
Dave Ruud: Good morning Travis.
Travis Miller: You answered most of my questions, but a couple of quick follow-ups. One on the RNG tax credits. Any discussion at the Federal level about those pro-work going away or are those pretty much locked in?
Dave Ruud: We are feeling good about the position on the RNG credits right now. There is some rulemaking still has to go on, but we are confident that the final position is going to be what Congress intended. So, I think it’s still going forward. And as we just said, we booked $15 million of that for the quarter.
Travis Miller: Okay. And then on the IRM, if you get the expansion, is that capital that would be incremental or is that capital that you are already planning, already in plan and would simply flow through the IRM instead of a traditional base rate case?
Joi Harris: Yes, that’s not incremental capital. That’s what’s in our plan at this point.
Travis Miller: Okay. Very good. And then one more quick one, if I may, data centers, is there a role that Vantage could play, or are people at Vantage involved in some of those conversations about a role they could play?
Jerry Norcia: There are some early conversations that Vantage is having about building, really generating assets or backup generation for data centers. So, there could be an opportunity, but I would say it’s really early.
Travis Miller: Okay. Very good. That’s all I have. Thanks.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont with Ladenburg. Please go ahead.
Paul Fremont: Thanks. Congratulations on the quarter and my questions have all been answered. Thank you.
Jerry Norcia: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Paul Zimbardo with Jefferies. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Good morning. It’s Ivan [indiscernible] for Paul.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. I think most of my questions have been answered, but I do have a question related to the tariff structure. I know you have a big amount of extra capacity. So, how should we about a tariff structure for data centers for that gigawatt that’s out there and then beyond that, in particular given that CMS has a filing outstanding to set up a data center tariff?
Joi Harris: Hi. Good morning. Yes. As we mentioned, we don’t need a tariff right away for the near-term load ramps because we have excess capacity and we would use batteries, renewables, and my green power along with other riders to support that load. Over time though, if we get to a point where we have got to build base load generation, a tariff would – structure would be most appropriate. And we are looking to insulate our existing customers from stranded assets. So, think of a long-term agreement with minimum volume commitments. But again, we don’t see a need right away. We are just starting to formulate our thoughts based on what consumers filed and then discussions that we are having with our data center providers.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. And I have a quick follow-up on the transferability. I just want to make sure that I understand that you are able to use tax equity structure at the utility level if transferability is no longer available.
Dave Ruud: Yes, we did get support from the commission for tax equity structure. It was just prior to the IRA being enacted. We had been working on that. So, yes, we think we would be able to work through that with them again.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, so you would have to go through like a regulatory process?
Dave Ruud: No. I think we have got support already for it. We just have to work the process.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Jerry Norcia: We received an order that allowed us to deploy tax equity structures in a certain manner. And like Dave said, once we have the inputs of what we are pursuing, that’s when we would obviously put that into that process.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: That concludes our Q&A session. I will now turn the call back over to Jerry Norcia for closing remarks.
Jerry Norcia: Well, thank you everyone for joining us today. I will just close by saying that we are feeling really great about 2025, as well as our long-term position and growth for future years. I am sure I will see many of you at the AGA conference in a few weeks. Have a great morning. Stay healthy and safe.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today’s call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-13 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Kate. I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DTE Energy Company Q4 2024 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star followed by the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press star one again. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Krupinski, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Matt Krupinski: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind you to read the Safe Harbor statement on page two of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix. With us this morning are Jerry Norcia, Chairman and CEO, Joi Harris, President and COO, and David Ruud, Executive Vice President and CFO. And now I'll turn it over to Jerry to start our call this morning.
Jerry Norcia: Thanks, Matt. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. We have a lot of positive updates to share with you today, including a recap of a very successful year in 2024, which has positioned us well for strong performance in 2025. We will also provide an overview of our long-term plan that includes significant utility investment increases that we need to execute for our customers as we continue to build the grid of the future and transition to cleaner generation. This plan also demonstrates our ongoing commitment to affordability for our customers, continuing our 6% to 8% operating EPS growth target through 2029, with a bias to at least the upper end of the growth rate from 2025 through 2027. Joi will provide additional details on our long-term plan, and David will provide updates on our financials, including our 2024 performance and guidance for 2025, and then we will open it up for your questions. Let me start on slide four. I'll start by saying again that we had a very successful year in 2024. This success is driven by a team that consistently delivers as a result of our strong culture. Last year, we were recognized by the Gallup organization for the twelfth consecutive year with a great workplace award, and our employee engagement ranks in the 94th percentile globally amongst thousands of organizations. As I've said before, our high level of employee engagement is our secret sauce for continued success. We achieved operating EPS of $6.83 per share, delivering at the high end of our guidance and providing over 9% growth over the 2023 original guidance midpoint. We received a constructive rate order at DTE Electric last month. This all positions us well for another successful year in 2025. Our 2025 operating EPS guidance range is $7.09 to $7.23, with a midpoint of $7.16 per share, which provides 7% growth over the 2024 original guidance midpoint and will be the reference point for our long-term growth. We are currently positioned to achieve the higher end of our EPS guidance range this year. As we have said, the 45Z tax credits give us additional strength in our plan, providing confidence we will reach the higher end of our growth rate from 2025 through 2027, and provide flexibility to exceed the high end or support future years. Today, I'm really excited to talk to you about our updated five-year plan. Our plan is supported by significant investment of $30 billion over the next five years, a $5 billion increase from our previous plan, primarily driven by the investments needed to improve reliability and transition to cleaner generation at our utilities. Additionally, we have the potential for incremental investment above this $30 billion as we continue to make progress working on data center opportunities. We will update you as we progress towards definitive agreements. This $5 billion increase is a significant increase to our capital plan and is driven by the need to build out renewables to meet the increased demand from the success of our My Green Power Voluntary Renewable Program and to support Michigan's clean energy legislation, as well as the need to continue to invest to improve reliability for our customers as we continue our efforts to update and modernize our electric grid. With this heavy customer-focused investment on our utilities that we have been contemplating since 2023, due to the IRP settlement and the clean energy legislation that passed in 2023, we are strategically shifting the focus of our DTE Vantage investments to projects that are more utility-like and deliver solid long-term contracted earnings. I'll go over our plan more on the next slide. But what I'll tell you is that altogether, this plan delivers even higher quality, long-term 6% to 8% operating EPS growth with the 2025 guidance midpoint as the base for this growth, and provides flexibility and potential upside throughout the plan. DTE continues to be well-positioned to deliver the premium total shareholder return that our investors have come to expect with a strong balance sheet that supports our future capital investment plan and a solid dividend that grows consistent with operating EPS. Now let's turn to slide five to provide an overview of our updated long-term plan. Let me start by highlighting some of the opportunities that we have in front of us that have led to this plan. We've seen increased requirements for renewable generation investments above what was presented in our previous plan. This increase is driven by the continued success of our voluntary renewables program and our 2023 IRP settlement, which was supported by Michigan's clean energy legislation, also enacted in 2023. Together, this drives a significant need for increased investment in our voluntary and legislated renewable programs, requiring over $3 billion of incremental clean energy investment from our prior plan. We are well-positioned to execute these renewable investments with a solid long-term development pipeline in place, providing a clear line of sight on panels, land positions, and permitting, and we've also been able to safe harbor investment tax credits for these investments through 2027. Along with this increased investment in cleaner generation, this plan also increases our five-year distribution infrastructure investment by $1 billion. We have made great progress in improving reliability for our customers. We saw a 70% reduction in the duration of outages last year due to our work on the grid and less storm activity, which Joi will talk about more, and these investments ensure that we continue this progress consistent with our communicated plan and customer expectations. It is important to note that this commitment to improve is supported by the electric rate order we received last month and the independent audit of our electric distribution system as directed by the Michigan Public Service Commission last year. As we saw this significant need to increase utility investment, we also saw an opportunity to strategically shift our Vantage focus to more long-term fixed-fee contracted projects. Vantage is a segment that has provided a solid earnings profile over the years, and in recent years, we have had strong contributions from both our RNG customer energy solutions business. With the increased customer-focused investment at our utilities, we are aligning our project development at DTE Vantage to focus more on utility-like projects that provide a high-quality earnings profile with fixed-fee long-term contracts. As I mentioned earlier, we have 45Z production tax credits for our RNG projects coming into the plan this year through 2027, providing confidence we will reach the higher end of our growth rate from 2025 through 2027 and also provide flexibility to exceed the high end of our guidance or support future years. The increased need for customer-focused investment in our utilities and utility-like growth at Vantage gives us confidence we are delivering a long-term plan that provides a higher quality long-term 6% to 8% EPS growth rate. We also have potential upside to this updated investment plan and our 6% to 8% EPS growth rate, driven by potential demand growth at DTE Electric to serve data center opportunities in our service area. Along with the Switch and University of Michigan projects we recently announced for a total of 1,500 megawatts, we have signed another non-binding preliminary agreement with an additional party, bringing the total for the three agreements to approximately 2,100 megawatts of central new load. We are also in discussions with multiple parties for additional opportunities beyond those that I just described. Our success in championing the data center legislation with the full support of the governor, who has signed the bills into law, and bipartisan support has helped intensify these discussions. We have some existing capacity to serve the incremental load from these data centers, but we'll likely need to build additional capacity in the near term, and we will look to our 2026 IRP to incorporate new baseload generation to support new data center load. Importantly, as we execute this plan, we will continue to focus on maintaining affordability. DTE has a top-tier track record in maintaining customer affordability, which Joi will highlight shortly, and that will continue through our plan. Our strong cash flows, supportive energy policy, and a constructive regulatory environment continue to support our customer-focused investment plan. I'll close out my remarks by saying how proud I am of our team in delivering great results in 2024 for our customers and our investors. We are positioned to hit the higher end of our guidance this year with lots of dry powder in the plan, and I feel great about the opportunities we have in front of us to continue this success with a higher quality annual operating EPS growth rate of 6% to 8% and with multiple opportunities to drive the growth beyond this 6% to 8% EPS growth rate. Now I'll turn it over to Joi to give an overview of our accomplishments and opportunities. Joi, over to you.
Joi Harris: Thanks, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. 2024 was a very successful year across many areas of DTE Energy Company. In particular, one area where we demonstrated significant improvement was enhancing reliability for our customers as a result of our distribution investment. All of our businesses are in a strong position to deliver superior performance in 2025 and beyond. Let me start with DTE Electric. I am very proud of the progress we have made to improve reliability for our customers. In 2024, we installed more than 450 smart technology reclosers, upgraded existing infrastructure, including 850 miles of power line and 3,400 utility poles, and trimmed more than 4,300 miles of trees. These efforts to create a smarter, stronger, and more resilient grid, combined with less extreme weather in 2024, made a significant impact, resulting in customers experiencing a nearly 70% improvement in time spent without power. We also continued our significant investment in clean energy generation, placing multiple projects in service and initiating construction on our 220-megawatt battery energy storage center. We currently have 2,300 megawatts of renewable generation in service, with additional projects totaling over 1,000 megawatts coming online. As we are building to meet increased demand for clean energy, we are investing $24 billion over the next five years at DTE Electric, which is $4 billion higher than our prior plan. A significant increase to further support cleaner generation and improve reliability for our customers. Required investments in cleaner generation continued to grow, with $10 billion of investments planned over the next five years, an increase of $3 billion from last year's plan. This is driven by the continued success of our voluntary renewables program and the requirements under Michigan's legislative clean energy law. It's important to note that we have been able to build an extensive development pipeline to support this growth in renewable investment. Solid land positions combined with our ability to successfully move these projects through the interconnection and permitting processes provide confidence that we can execute these investments. We have panels secured through mid-2027, land positions that should take us into the 2030s and beyond, and permits secured for the majority of our projects through 2027. We also have been able to safe harbor investment tax credits for these renewable projects through 2027. Investments in distribution infrastructure increased by $1 billion in this plan as we focus on continuing to improve reliability for our customers. Recent regulatory outcomes support this investment. The constructive rate order we received last month supports the customer-focused investments we are making to build the grid of the future. The electric distribution audit report that was completed last year confirmed that our proposed investment plan will deliver the dramatic improvements in reliability that we have committed to our customers. Over the next five years, we expect to reduce power outages by 30% and cut outage time in half as a result of these investments in our improved operations. As Jerry mentioned, there is potential upside to the five-year capital plan driven largely by data center opportunities in our service territory as well as further economic development in Michigan. Let me move to slide seven to highlight some of these opportunities. Southeast Michigan continues to be a great region for economic development, attracting many large companies that contribute to the progress of our state and its residents. General Motors, Henry Ford Health, and the University of Michigan are among the large companies with major investments in our service territory, providing significant economic development and providing thousands of jobs. We continue to collaborate with economic development partners throughout the state to target key business segments to drive further economic growth. As you know, data center development and the impact of the potential load from the data centers have been an important focus over the last year. We're making great progress with data centers. Our success in championing the data center legislation for the sales and use tax exemption has helped us further progress discussions. We continue to work with a number of hyperscalers and colocation providers on opportunities within our service territory. We recently announced that we have advanced one of those discussions to a non-binding term sheet that is moving toward a definitive agreement. Switch, a leading colocation provider, plans to build this 1.4-gigawatt site using some of our land from an existing site, with the project expected to ramp up through 2032. As Jerry mentioned, we have signed another non-binding preliminary agreement with an additional party. Together with the Switch agreement, along with the University of Michigan project we announced recently, these projects bring a total of approximately 2,100 megawatts of potential new load onto our system, which represents approximately 40% overall load growth when it all comes online. We continue to have discussions with multiple other major data center opportunities. As we said before, we can begin to serve this demand quickly because we have some excess capacity. In addition, these projects will require additional build of new generation to support the early load ramp in the near term and could provide longer-term investment opportunities in new baseload generation, which would be supported by our 2026 IRP. Of course, as we continue to invest in our system and as these incremental opportunities come into our plan, we remain very focused on maintaining customer affordability. These data center additions, along with our distinctive continuous improvement culture to drive cost management, will continue to support affordability for our customers. We are delivering top-tier affordability through continued superior cost management, operational excellence with our power plant, and one of the larger energy efficiency programs in the country. As a matter of fact, our historical average annual bill increase demonstrates the extraordinary results in the affordability arena. Even after including the electric rate order we received last month, our annual bill increase since 2021 is well below the utility Great Lakes average and national average through 2024 and also well below the general rate of inflation. Let's move to slide eight to discuss DTE Gas. Our gas business had another great year in 2024 as we continue to deliver our customers with top quartile cost and operating performance. I'm proud to highlight that DTE Gas ranked number one in the Midwest for customer satisfaction for business natural gas service by J.D. Power last year. We are incredibly proud of this recognition. It shows our team is truly committed to providing service excellence to our customers. We continue to progress our gas main renewal program as we modernize the gas transmission system in our distribution system. Over the years, we have made significant investments into this program and recovered this investment through our infrastructure recovery mechanism. Since the program began and through 2024, we have renewed nearly 1,900 miles. Over the next five years, we are planning to invest $4 billion to upgrade and replace aging infrastructure. I'll just close out my comment by saying how excited I am about the opportunities ahead of us. Our updated five-year plan supports the investments we need to make for our customers. It includes significant increased utility investments focused on enhancing our systems to further improve reliability and to support our growing renewable program. This updated utility plan also provides the opportunity for us to focus on more utility-like investment at DTE Vantage, which is expected to drive annual base earnings growth of about $20 million per year. Overall, our plan provides an earnings profile that is high quality, continues to target 6% to 8% operating EPS growth, with confidence we can reach the high end of our growth rate from 2025 through 2027, as 45Z production tax credits come into the plan, with flexibility to exceed the high end or support future years. The opportunity in data center development provides potential upside to the plan. With that, I'll turn it over to David to give you a financial update.
David Ruud: Thanks, Joi. Good morning, everyone. Let me start on slide nine to review our 2024 financial results. Operating earnings for the year were $1.4 billion, which translates to operating earnings of $6.83 per share, putting us at the high end of our 2024 guidance with 9% growth over the 2023 original guidance midpoint. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. I'll start the review at the top of the page with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $1.1 billion for the year, $314 million higher than 2023. The main drivers of the earnings variance were the implementation of base rates, warmer weather, and lower storm expenses, partially offset by higher rate base costs. Moving on to DTE Gas, operating earnings were $263 million, $31 million lower than 2023. 2024 was the warmest winter in over sixty years, coming off the fourth warmest year in 2023. Along with the impact of warmer weather, the earnings variance was driven by higher rate base and O&M costs, partially offset by higher IRM revenue and implementation of base rates. Let's move to DTE Vantage on the third row. Vantage had another strong year in 2024 with $133 million of earnings. The variance from 2023 was due to a combination of some timing and one-time items in 2023, primarily in our steel-related business. This was partially offset by higher investment tax credits that primarily occurred in the fourth quarter of 2024. On the next row, you can see energy trading finished the year with earnings of $100 million. The strong performance in our contracted and hedged physical power and physical gas portfolios that we experienced in 2023 continued into 2024, and we expect to see some of this strength continue, which is reflected in our 2025 guidance on the next slide. Finally, corporate and other was unfavorable by $26 million year over year, partially due to higher interest expense. Overall, DTE earned $6.83 per share in 2024, delivering at the high end of our 2024 original guidance. Let's turn to slide ten to review our 2025 earnings guidance. Our 2025 operating EPS guidance midpoint is $7.16 per share, which provides 7% growth over our 2024 original guidance midpoint. We continue to target 6% to 8% long-term growth, with the 2025 original guidance midpoint as a base for this growth. As Jerry mentioned, we are currently positioned to achieve the high end of our 2025 EPS guidance range as the RNG tax credits come into the plan. In 2025, DTE Electric growth will be driven by investments in grid reliability and cleaner generation. DTE Gas will see continued customer-focused investments in main renewal and other infrastructure improvements that enhance operational performance and support decarbonization. At DTE Vantage, 2025 earnings are driven by the development of new custom energy solutions projects that serve as a base for growth going forward, and we do expect to recognize 45Z tax credits from 2025 through 2027. We expect these credits, on average, to contribute about $50 million to $60 million in earnings during these years, providing confidence we'll reach the high end of our growth rate from 2025 through 2027 and provide flexibility to exceed the high end or support future years. We expect continued consistent growth at DTE Vantage with a strong pipeline of long-term contracted fixed-fee projects, which will drive about $20 million in average annual base earnings growth, giving us confidence in our longer-term earnings targets in this segment. You can find additional detail on DTE Vantage's long-term earnings growth in the appendix of this presentation. At energy trading, as I mentioned, we expect to see continued strength in both our structured physical power and physical gas portfolios as we continue to see favorability from these contracted and hedged positions, giving us confidence in our guidance range. At corporate and other, the change is driven by higher interest expense. Let's move to slide eleven to highlight our strong balance sheet and credit profile. We continue to focus on maintaining a solid balance sheet. Due to our strong cash flows, DTE has minimal equity issuances in our plan, targeting annual issuances of $0 to $100 million through 2027. We do see some modest increases to equity issuances beginning in 2028 to support our significant capital investment plan. Our long-term plan includes debt refinancing and new issuances, and we continue to manage these future issuances through interest rate hedging and other opportunities. We continue to focus on maintaining our strong investment-grade credit and solid balance sheet metrics, targeting an FFO to debt ratio of 15% to 16%. Let me wrap up on slide twelve, then we will open the line for questions. Our team continues our commitment to deliver for all of our stakeholders. We delivered solid growth in 2024, achieving earnings per share of $6.83, delivering at the high end of our guidance range. The 2025 operating EPS guidance midpoint provides 7% growth over the 2024 original guidance midpoint, and we are currently positioned to achieve the high end of our EPS guidance range this year. Our updated five-year plan provides higher quality long-term 6% to 8% EPS growth through increased customer-focused utility investments and shifting to more utility-like investments in our non-utility. This plan increases our five-year capital investment by $5 billion over the previous plan, primarily to support the needs in our cleaner energy and reliability-focused investment areas. Data center opportunities provide potential upside to this five-year capital investment and EPS growth plan. We continue to target 6% to 8% operating EPS growth and are well-positioned to deliver at the high end of this growth rate from 2025 through 2027, with flexibility to exceed the high end and support future years. We continue to target dividend increases in line with operating EPS growth. Overall, we are well-positioned to deliver the premium total shareholder returns that our investors have come to expect with a strong balance sheet that supports our capital investment plan. With that, I thank you for joining us today, and we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Please use your handset and press star, then the number one on your telephone keypad. We will pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hi. Good morning, team. Congrats on a great quarter. It's actually Constantine here.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning. Hey. Good morning, Constantine. Good morning.
Shar Pourreza: Just starting off maybe on the CapEx plan updates, maybe clarify the data center upside. You noted that 2,100 megawatts in current agreements. Are those included in the current plan, or is that still all upside? And as these agreements get converted into CapEx, how should we be thinking about the future cadence of CapEx and financial update?
Jerry Norcia: Yeah. Great question. As you heard, we see a lot of great opportunity with these data centers, but we haven't put any of the benefits of this into the five-year plan or a CapEx plan yet. So as we move towards the definitive agreements, we do see upside to our plan from this. We have some excess capacity, as we've said in the past, and that'll support some of the data center load and gets us in a good position to get this to come on early. Then as we move to definitive agreements and understand their load ramp a little more, work through our IRP process, we'll understand better the generation mix needed. But I'll say in the near term, as we're supporting that up to 1,000 megawatts, we're expecting incremental renewables and storage within our plan, probably towards the backside of our five-year plan, because that supports their desire for cleaner power. That is something we do expect to come in within our five-year plan as we move towards the period of agreement. As we said, we're kind of in the term sheet stage right now, working towards the definitive agreement. When we get there, we'll update our capital plan more. Is there any specific cadence for that between kind of the third and fourth quarter that we've seen in these cycles?
David Ruud: Yeah. That's probably when we'll be able to give a deeper update. We'll update throughout the year as we make progress. Then as we see when the capital would flow into our plan, it would probably come out again in the fourth quarter with that.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Perfect. Then, you know, the RNG credit pushes you for the top end, and there's inflexibility to exceed the 6% to 8%. Is that tail-end kind of strength driven by the 20% CapEx plan increase, or is there an assumption on 45Z extension above the 6% to 8%? Do you envision any changes in the cash flow profile at Vantage just based on some of these assumptions and shifting to more utility-like contracts?
David Ruud: Yeah. We've kept a similar capital investment overall at Vantage, and it is more utility-like. So the returns on those projects aren't as high as what we saw with RNG. So we put in a really solid plan for Vantage that kind of gets us our $20 million a year and gets us to the long-term plan we need there. We don't assume any production tax credits or really investment tax credits as we get past 2027. So when you look at our overall plan, that stronger 6% to 8% long-term EPS growth is really driven by our utility investment that we're making to support cleaner generation and build out reliability for our customers. Just to give you a little bit of context on the development of this plan, we started to see some really significant positive tailwinds in 2023 in our utility CapEx plans, and that was really driven by several events. One was the IRP that we settled in 2023. Then on the heels of that, we got clean energy legislation done here in the state in late 2023. Then we had tremendous success with the voluntary renewables program. Further to that, in 2024, we got a very supportive audit report for our wires business. So when we packaged all that together, we saw this significant lift of $4 billion in electric CapEx plan in the new five-year plan that we just rolled out. This really did give us the opportunity to start thinking about a shift at Vantage to higher quality earnings with long-term fixed-fee contracts. Overall, I think as you've seen, from 2025 through 2027, we're positioned to be at the higher end, which also gives us flexibility to exceed the higher end of guidance and prepare for future years when the credits roll off at the end of 2027. So I would say overall, we feel very confident in achieving all of this and that we got a much higher quality plan on the table.
Shar Pourreza: Excellent. I think we can leave it at that. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Campanella with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Nick Campanella: Hi. Good morning, team. Hey. This is actually Faye for Nick today, and thanks for taking my questions. Congrats on a strong 2024.
Jerry Norcia: Hey. Good morning. Hi, Faye.
Nick Campanella: So I just first on data center demand, I guess, as it rolls into the plan, just generally how do you think about the impact to your load growth CAGR? Obviously, you've been pretty conservative. You've been planning conservatively with only the specific projects you announced. But just trying to have a more holistic view.
Joi Harris: Hey. Good morning. This is Joi. Thanks for the question. Yeah. Exciting times with data centers, and it will be great for our customers if you think about what that could do for affordability and allow us to invest behind it in our wires business. But we are looking at modeling what we know of the potential for data center growth, and it equates to something in the range of 4% to 5% increase on a CAGR basis for our load growth over that time horizon, which is excellent for customers. We're making sure that we're working these agreements and bringing home this data center growth in our plan.
Nick Campanella: Great. That's super helpful. I guess, just quickly on 2025 execution, could you discuss your rate filing cadence and how those different rate case outcomes or just different scenarios could drive 2025 execution and to what extent would they affect your confidence to achieve the high end of the range during the year?
David Ruud: You think the thought we're feeling about 2025, we're feeling very, very confident. On 2025, we're gonna at least hit the higher end of guidance. I mean, the start to the year is actually building contingency in our plan. So we're feeling really, really good, and I always judge how we're doing in a year by what we're working on in the moment. I can tell you we're deep into 2026 planning and the details of that. So that always is measured for me is how calm 2025 looks rock solid in terms of performance. Do you want me to talk about the rate case? Yeah. On the rate case, yeah. So the order we received last month, a constructive order, within our planning scenario. So we're going to work on, you know, just dispatching the capital as we had intended. In terms of our filing cadence, your question around one, electric's probably gonna be in the second quarter. We'll follow another case given the level of investments that we're making and our desire to incorporate findings for the Liberty audit. We wanna make sure that we are in a position to expand the IRM using that as a basis. We've gotten some positive feedback from the commissioners from the bench, and also in our discussions with the staff. Then for gas, we'll likely file another case towards the back half, back end, I should say, the fourth quarter of 2025. Again, to continue our investments in distribution and transmission, and then also to look to continue our IRM, which has worked really, really well for the gas company.
Nick Campanella: Got it. Great. That's super helpful. Thanks again.
David Ruud: Thanks, Faye.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning. This is actually Rich on for Jeremy.
David Ruud: Hey, Rich.
Jeremy Tonet: Starting with some of the near-term and long-term financing considerations, can you walk through those and maybe the cash flow drivers behind sizing minimal equity in 2025 versus the kind of uptick in later years?
David Ruud: Yeah. Let me just start by saying, you know, we're confident in our existing plan with this zero to $100 million in 2025 through 2027, and it's really driven by strong base cash flows and then some of the monetization, some of the tax credits we'll be getting. So it puts us in a great position to continue our 15% to 16% FFO to debt with that minimal equity. What we did say is that as you see some more of this capital come into our plan in the later years, we could see some increased equity needs then. We're gonna keep working that. Now, it feels like a modest increase, but we'll keep trying to manage cash and what we can do in the meantime to minimize that as much as possible. We do see some equity that would come in 2028 and beyond to support the growth capital we have.
Jeremy Tonet: Great. Thank you for that. Then I know we hit on Vantage a little bit earlier in Q&A, but just want to revisit this. Could you speak a little bit more to the opportunities that you're now most focused on? Just curious how you expect this high grading to play out over the next few years?
David Ruud: Yeah. I think as Dave mentioned, you know, we're looking at about $20 million a year of income growth. If you look at the history of this business, we've done about $20 to $30 million a year. So we think we've got a good conservative plan, and the type of projects that we're pursuing, you'll have seen some recent announcements of projects that have come on this year as well as next year, where there are long-term fixed-fee behind-the-fence utility services, so things like cogeneration, water treatment, compressed air, those types of utility services that we've been able to do with very large industrial partners. We've got more of that in the hopper, and we've got a pretty strong pipeline. We're also starting to dip our toe in the carbon capture and storage with large ethanol producers. We've got several agreements, and we're working to prove out some of the geology there, but those are also small in nature, like $60 million to $100 million CapEx to get our toes in the water, if you will, on that one, with IRRs that are north of 10% unlevered after tax. They're long-term fixed-fee type contracts with no commodity risk. So again, early there, but we're feeling pretty good about the pipeline and the strength of the pipeline at Vantage to generate that $20 million per year. So that once these tax credits all roll off, you know, in 2028 and 2029, we're sitting right on top of where we want to be.
Jeremy Tonet: Great. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. Good morning, team. Thank you guys very much. Julien is on the line.
Jerry Norcia: Hi, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So with that said, hey. Good morning. Hey. Just coming back to a couple of things that maybe this helps tie things together. Right? First off, on the look beyond 2027, how are you thinking about 45Z and just the ongoing ability to tap some kind of credits, you know, as far as it goes to sustain or continue to grow that Vantage piece? Just want to understand, obviously, you're making very strong comments here. The front end of the plan. I just want to understand the cadence of the back end of the plan. Then related, I know Rich just got at this a little bit, but how do you think about the potential less contribution from Vantage, and I don't know if you're insinuating more equity beyond 2027, as you see an uptick in electric spend, but I just want to understand maybe some of the moving pieces because the plan on the front end seems very locked in. There's a little bit more ambiguity here between the equity and the RNG contributions in the back half that I wanted to try to understand.
Jerry Norcia: Yeah. Julien, let me take the income profile, and then Dave can talk about the financing of it. Look, this $20 million a year at Vantage certainly will support our 2028 and 2029 guidance, and I think that's how we're positioned to do it. We're not counting on any Z's or any tax credits in 2028 and 2029. So that's how we built the plan. That gives us great confidence that we'll achieve our goals. But I gotta tell you, the quality of our plan is significantly increased with the amount of CapEx that we got coming in from the utilities to drive, you know, the superior growth. Certainly, you know, at the higher end of our guidance from 2025 through 2027, and with good potential to exceed it. I view our prospects in the utility businesses as even having more potential upside as data centers start to roll in. You know, we've got about 1,000 megawatts of capacity that we can deploy early on. We also have very large land positions that these data centers are very interested in. We're getting a lot of action. Now we just gotta turn that action into definitive agreements this year, and I think that starts to line up future potential upside to our plan in those outer years, Julien. So that's how we're feeling about it. Very positive about the long-term outlook of our growth plans.
David Ruud: And, Julien, we wanted to put a more conservative plan out there for Vantage long-term that doesn't have any of those tax credits, but as you know in our history, we've found opportunities for those. So there could be some upside with what would go on. Then as far as the equity, yeah, we usually just give a three-year plan, so our three-year plan is zero to $100 million from 2025 to 2027. But as we're bringing in this capital, you know, we just wanted to start to signal that there would be some additional equity within a plan. We'll work to minimize that, but I think there's some modest increased equity that would come in the 2028, 2029 period into the plan.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Thank you, guys, for clarifying. Then maybe this is a nice follow-up here. Can you speak a little bit on the data center front just to how the timeline here? I know that there's, you know, kind of MOUs out there. But given the nascent nature of the legislation itself, I mean, I imagine that this could still take some degree of time to come to fruition in a more firm sense. Do you want to just give some sense of expectation on that? Then also, you know, in parallel, we've seen some of your adjacent states talk about data center tariffs as they become more serious about this opportunity as well, you know, between Ohio and Indiana. Could we see you guys elect to pursue some kind of novel, you know, data center-specific tariff structure at this point? Put that forward?
Joi Harris: Hey there, Julien. Yeah. The conversations are progressing. We have a shared goal to get something done more definitively this year. The arrangement that we have, the agreement that we have with Switch, the term sheet, really is we're trying to line out the ramp. Right? The ramp of the generation over the next several years. Then we also have a signed agreement with the University of Michigan for 110 megawatts. Jerry spoke about another agreement that we've already moved toward, I'd say, a term sheet with, and that's with an undisclosed party, but all of this is coming together with a potential for 2,100 megawatts of added load for data centers, which is phenomenal, and we're continuing those conversations. We've got the right land positions. We've got the right climate. We've got the legislation now behind us. So that's increased the interest, I would say, in Michigan overall. So really feeling positive about the opportunity that's before us, and the team is hard at work at making those agreements more definitive than they are now. When it comes to figuring out, you know, long-term, what the generation needs might be, near term, we can serve the demand based on the ramp that we understand right now with what we have on hand. So we have some excess capacity that we can put to work. Think of it as, you know, we may have to bring on some renewables, some battery storage, to support this load. But generally speaking, near term, this is really a great affordability play for our customers because we can bring on the load and not make really huge investments. As the load ramps, we'll have to look to, you know, expansion of renewables, more batteries, and potentially something firmer or fixed in terms of generation. So think of a combined cycle with carbon capture, for an example. But that will be longer in range. We would probably look to use a different tariff structure. We can use our existing tariffs now, but if we have to build something significant, we'd have to bring on a different tariff structure and think of it as more of, you know, fixed volumes and certainly demand response incorporated with that as well. So that's kind of where we're sitting with data centers right now.
Jerry Norcia: Julien, that new tariff that we would need to say build a combined cycle plant or some, you know, surrounded with more renewables and battery storage would be long-term in nature as well as, you know, a fixed-fee type arrangement so that we don't put any kind of risk on our customers. The commission and the governor are very supportive of that. The legislation actually points to it. It requires it. So I think we're in good shape from a legislative perspective and strong support from the commission.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. Excellent, guys. Nicely done today. All the best. Alright. We'll connect soon. Thank you, Julien.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Thank you. Please go ahead.
David Arcaro: Oh, hey. Thanks. Good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Morning, David.
David Arcaro: Hey. Wondering if you could touch on maybe learnings from the recent electric rate case in terms of what the commission you think wants to see in terms of affordability, you know, ROE, storm tracker, IRM, etcetera. I'd be curious about your thoughts.
Joi Harris: Yeah. Good morning, David. Again, this was a constructive order, and it supports our investment agenda. So there was no change to ROE or the equity layer, so that was all positive. The commission extended the IRM, which was really a positive move, signaling that, you know, we can continue to build on that and expand it using the Liberty audit. We are going to work now on just understanding how we incorporate the audit findings into our plan, and we look to incorporate that in our next proceeding. The commission was really positive about what these investments are yielding in terms of benefits to customers. If you listen to the call, you could hear the positive tone, and they spoke about, you know, the improvement that we experienced last year and how they're proud of the progress we're making on improving reliability for customers. So that's the work ahead of us is to, you know, work on getting aligned on how we expand the IRM and then looking to bring these investments online over the next several years. We've got the distribution grid plan that lays out our plan that aligns to our 30/50 goals. So this is to reduce the frequency of outages by 30% and cut duration in half by 50%. We've proven that, you know, when we invest, it works. I think the commission wants to continue down that path, as do we. We're looking to, you know, get that all incorporated in our next regulatory case.
Jerry Norcia: Hey, David. You asked about affordability as well. So just to add to Joi's comment, if you could take a minute and look at page sixteen of our package. I mean, our performance on bill growth is extraordinary when you compare it to the industry and even when you compare it to our neighbors in the Great Lakes region. We're sitting at 2.4% absolute bill growth since 2021, including the most recent rate case. So, you know, when I talk to the commissioners, I mean, affordability is really not on their screen. I mean, they see this data. They know about this data. We actually have it in our filings. We talk about it. So I feel really good about our affordability posture.
Joi Harris: On top of that, if you look at this last rate order, last year, if you recall, we reduced the power supply cost recovery cost by $300 million. So this last rate order, there was really no increase for customers because it's being offset by the PSCR reduction. So that's just an example of how we continue to go to work on behalf of our customers to keep our bills affordable.
David Arcaro: Yeah. Absolutely. No. I appreciate that color. Very strong position to be coming from given that track record. Then I was curious, maybe one more question here on data center activity. But would you be able to quantify how much of a pipeline, you know, in terms of gigawatts of data centers you might be seeing out there as opportunities in Michigan and just on the capacity, available capacity you have on your system? Do you think of that as being fully exhausted at this point, or there's still, you know, near-term capacity that's left to allocate to some of these potential incremental new customers beyond the ones that you mentioned?
Joi Harris: Yeah. We're seeing about three gigawatts in our pipeline. Three gigawatts. I mean, three gigawatts in our pipeline. I wish it was three billion gigawatts. We aren't at a point where we've used the total excess capacity as yet. We've got up to a gigawatt of excess capacity near term. As I mentioned before, as we understand the ramps from these data center providers, we'll look to add generation along the way. So that's where we're sitting right now, David.
David Arcaro: Perfect. Super helpful. Thanks so much. Great update.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Sullivan: Hey, good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Hey, Michael.
Michael Sullivan: Just over the duration of the plan, can you give us what rate base growth looks like?
David Ruud: Yeah. Rate base growth is in the 8% range for the plan.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Thanks. Then, sorry, just another one on some of the mechanics of the 45Z's. I guess if you strip that out of 2025, can you just talk about what's driving Vantage lower year over year off of 2024?
David Ruud: Yeah. Let me start by saying we love the 45Z's. They're great, and they are providing us some flexibility. But what you see in Vantage is some lumpiness as some of these new projects come online. There are associated investment tax credits. So in 2024, look, we had some big new projects come on and investment tax credits with that. You know, we don't foresee those projects coming on to the same level in 2025. However, we've been talking about some of these projects that will be coming on again in 2026 and 2027 to kind of give us some of that favorability and investment tax credits in those years too. Then again, Michael, like we said, when you look past 2027, our Vantage forecast doesn't assume any of the 45Z's or investment tax credits in the plan past that.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. That was gonna be my next question. Then last one, just real quick, Dave. Where did you all finish up on FFO to debt for 2024?
David Ruud: We're right at that 15% number.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Perfect. Thank you very much.
David Ruud: Yep. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Andrew Weisel: Hey. Good morning, everybody.
Jerry Norcia: Morning, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: First question, I want to follow-up a little on the commentary about potential new generation build. Can you remind us the timing of the 2026 IRP, when it would be filed, approved, and implemented? Joi, I think you talked about some changes in tariffs. Would that be changed through rate cases or some other regulatory or legislative vehicle? How would those processes work together or independently?
Joi Harris: Yeah. So let me start with your first question and good morning. So we plan to file our next IRP toward the end of 2026. That process will play out over, you know, 2027. We'll get a result either we settle or we go to a fully contested IRP, and that would put us at the end of 2027 and right in the beginning of 2028. You also asked about the tariffs. So a tariff structure would have to be something that we work with the commission on, and it can be done outside of a rate case. But certainly, as we learn more about the demand for data centers, we'll keep the commissioners apprised of the progress we're making and try to do some of the prework. I think we're aligned that we want to make sure that anything that we bring on in terms of new generation, we protect the existing customer base. So we would want to have fixed-fee, long-term contracts in place. We've got some models here to look to to make sure we're incorporating best practices from other geographies.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. That's helpful. Second, I want to clarify the commentary about the earnings growth in the RNG tax credits. This has come up a few times, but I just want to understand. You talked about the high end in 2025 to 2027. I understand that. Then you talked about exceeding the high end and supporting future years. I'm almost certain I heard all three of you, Jerry, Joi, and Dave, say "or support future years" rather than "and support future years." Maybe I'm getting too specific here, but what exactly does that mean? Are you talking about pulling forward expenses from 2028 and 2029? Are you talking about maybe earnings growth of 9% or something like we saw in 2024? Can you just elaborate about that?
Jerry Norcia: I guess, Andrew, you hit on it. We're really using the Z's to commit to the higher end of guidance from 2025 through 2027. You know, we got dry powder potentially in the plan that could take us beyond that high end. But we also want the flexibility to do the things you said, like, hey, maybe we find it's hard to predict where we'll find ourselves at a highly detailed level in, you know, 2027 or 2026. So we want to make sure we have some flexibility in the plan to deliver, you know, really high-quality growth for our shareholders, you know, at the top end or higher, or make sure that we start to secure the future as well as we move into 2028 and beyond. We don't need to do that. I think we want to retain the flexibility to do that. Maybe that's a better way to clarify. We don't need tax credits to make our numbers in 2028 and 2029. We're not saying, hey, we need some of the rollover or anything like that. But we do want to retain the flexibility that, hey, you know, if we find ourselves in a position to, you know, this high-quality position in 2027 where we can pull forward expenses from 2028 and produce an even higher quality 2028 than what we're talking about right now, we're gonna do that. That's the flexibility we're talking about.
Andrew Weisel: So I guess maybe to bring it together, is there anything besides conservatism keeping us at 6% to 8% rather than increasing it?
Jerry Norcia: I would say we like to underpromise and overdeliver. That's been our pattern.
Andrew Weisel: We like that too. Keep it up. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Appicelli with UBS. Please go ahead.
Bill Appicelli: Hi. Good morning. Taking the question here. Yeah. I mean, I think Andrew hit on the question there that I was going at, which is, you know, it sounds like putting this all together, right, you guys would be comfortable, you know, targeting or, you know, being disappointed if you're not sort of at the high end of the range over this forecast or even extending beyond the roll-off of the tax credits. Is that fair?
Jerry Norcia: I think what we've said is, you know, it helps us a lot in 2025 through 2027. When you look at long-term based off of the 2025 original guidance, we're comfortable with a 6% to 8% long-term EPS growth rate in the long term.
Bill Appicelli: Yeah. And the upside to that would be we start getting incremental CapEx that comes into the plan from data centers or other demand.
Jerry Norcia: Right. But right now, the most glaring opportunity where we're actually, you know, have paper signed, and we're trying to work towards firm agreements is data center load. So as we look out, you know, we got some heat in the plan from 2025 through 2027. As we get beyond that, you know, we're saying, hey, 6% to 8%, until we can tell you more about these data centers.
Bill Appicelli: Okay. That's clear. Thank you. Then just remind us of the cadence of the rate case filings over the next few years. So you have the DTE Gas case that you're gonna file here later this year, but is the assumption that there'll be sort of the continuing, you know, regular cadence of filings over the next few years?
Joi Harris: So for electric, yeah. I think you can assume based on the level of investments that we're making. The only thing that would extend the time between filings would be an expansion of the IRM and electric.
Jerry Norcia: I guess if we get more traditional outcomes, we would like to be back to the two or three-year time frame between rate cases, but we'll have to play out the next one and see how it plays out.
Bill Appicelli: And then as far as the expansion of the IRM, how do you guys evaluate that? Does that have to be proceeding, you know, now that the electric case is over?
Joi Harris: Yes. I mean, that's the work ahead of us is getting alignment with the MPSC staff and commissioners on what should go into the IRM. I think, you know, the Liberty audit will serve as that foundation. The good news is that the audit findings generally point to the plan that we have in place. It is a good plan, and we'll deliver the reliability improvements that we're targeting over the next five years. So we'll go to work with the staff and the commissioners and just make sure that, you know, the units that we want to incorporate and the types of work that we want to incorporate in the plan are well understood.
Bill Appicelli: Alright. Great. Congrats on the great call here. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Travis Miller: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Sure. You've answered my questions on the IRM rather several times here. But just a quick follow-up. One, how much CapEx is in your plan that you would hope to flow through the IRM, assuming that the regulators continue to approve that in future rate cases? Then is there upside that you could flow through the IRM in terms of CapEx from the audit depending on how that comes out? So just those two quick follow-ups.
Joi Harris: Yeah. In our last case, we filed for an expansion of, like, up to, like, $590 million and then growing to, like, $720 million. Right? So think of it. That's just order of magnitude if you want to use that as a gauge. Then how do we see that growing over time and what kind of units and if there's upside to the plan, what we know in the audit. The auditors called out pole top maintenance as being an area where they want to see increased investment, and we see that as an opportunity to add some upside to our plan. So we're reconciling all of that right now and certainly trying to get alignment before we file anything in terms of our next rate case.
Travis Miller: Okay. Perfect. That's all I got. Appreciate it.
Joi Harris: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont with Ladenburg. Please go ahead.
Paul Fremont: Thank you very much, and congratulations on a strong quarter. Just wanted to sort of follow-up on Vantage. You talked about having significant tax credit contribution in 2024. Was that associated with Ford? Can you quantify what that tax benefit was?
David Ruud: Yeah. Paul, this is Dave. Yeah, it was associated with the Ford project. It was a little over $50 million was the ITC associated with the Ford project.
Paul Fremont: Great. That's it in terms of questions for me. Thank you.
David Ruud: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Levine with Citi. Please go ahead.
Ryan Levine: Good morning. Quick question. In terms of the potential tariff for data centers, would you look to file something soon? Then should we look for it to be somewhat similar to your peer utilities filing from the last week?
Joi Harris: Yeah. I think good morning first, Ryan. I think as we learn more about the ramp, we'll determine whether or not we need to file a new tariff. I think those discussions are underway, but you can anticipate that as the load grows, we'll eventually get to a point where we'll have to build something to support that load incremental to the generation we have on hand. We'll look to incorporate, as I said before, best practices from other geographies and certainly learnings that we gain here with the state.
Ryan Levine: Okay. Thanks. That was my question.
Operator: I will turn the call back over to Jerry Norcia for closing remarks.
Jerry Norcia: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'll just close by saying we're feeling great about 2025 and our long-term future plans. Have a great morning. Stay healthy and safe.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.
Ryan Levine: Thank you.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the DTE Energy Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Krupinski, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Matt Krupinski: Thank you and good morning everyone. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix. With us this morning are Jerry Norcia, Chairman and CEO; Joi Harris, President and COO; and Dave Ruud, Executive Vice President and CFO. And now I'll turn it over to Jerry to start our call this morning.
Gerardo Norcia: Thanks Matt. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. This morning, I'll discuss how we continue to deliver for our key stakeholders and highlight the successes we've had across all of our businesses this year. Joi will provide you with an update on our regulatory proceedings as we continue with our customer-focused investments to improve reliability and transition to cleaner generation while maintaining affordability for all our customers, and she will discuss the significant progress that we have made so far to further improve reliability and we build the grid of the future. And Dave will provide a financial update and wrap things up before we take your questions. So, let me start on Slide 4. We're having a very strong year so far in 2024, giving us confidence that we will deliver on our 2024 operating EPS guidance. As I said on our previous call, we are also positioning ourselves to deliver strong results in 2025 and beyond. We remain confident that our plan will deliver a long-term EPS growth rate of 6% to 8%, support a healthy balance sheet with strong cash flows and minimal equity issuances and continue our commitment to deliver affordable energy to our customers. Our long-term growth is driven by the required capital investments in reliability and clean generation that we need to make for our customers. And these investments are supported by the recent independent audit of our electric distribution system, which I'll talk about more shortly; Michigan Energy legislation, which continues to push the pace of decarbonization and deployment of renewables; and by infrastructure recovery mechanisms at both of our utilities. As we continue to wrap up a solid 2024 and finalize multiple regulatory proceedings we are updating our five-year plan, and we'll provide the details of that plan on our year-end call. This plan will continue to support these customer-focused investments in grid reliability and cleaner generation as we advance our capital investments to support these initiatives. I am excited about the opportunities we have in front of us and look forward to sharing the details of our long-term plan on the year-end call. As I said, we are having a successful year in 2024, and our success is the result of our team's focus on all of our stakeholders, including our customers, our communities and our investors. Our team continues to consistently deliver as a result of our strong culture. We were recently informed by the Gallup organization that our employee engagement ranks in the 94th percentile globally among thousands of organizations. As I've said before, our high level of employee engagement is our secret sauce at DTE for continued success. DTE was also recognized as a Best Place to Work for disability inclusion, receiving a top score of 100 on the Disability Equality Index, the world's most comprehensive benchmarking tool for large companies to measure disability inclusion inside their organization. This award was a tremendous honor, complementing our recognition with the Best Employers Award for Excellence in Health and Well-being, which I mentioned last quarter. Our highly engaged team remains focused on delivering excellent service to our customers. as we advance toward our goal of restoring service to all customers within 48 hours after a storm. In August, our service territory was impacted by an extreme weather event that included wind gust that reached over 75 miles per hour. As a result of the extensive improvements we are making to our system and processes, we restored nearly 65% of our customers in 24 hours, which is the highest one-day restoration in company history for a storm of this size, and nearly 95% of our customers were restored within 48 hours. I extend our sincere gratitude to our teams who worked tirelessly to get the lights back on for our customers. We also faced extreme heat this summer as temperatures climbed to over 90 degrees for an extended period. Our system held up well in these conditions, but I'm very proud of our team's efforts to take care of those most vulnerable customers as they experience the heat. Our energy efficiency program was able to assist low-income customers by installing nearly 1,000 free air conditioner units to those in most need across Metro Detroit to keep them cool. Moving on to our communities. We take pride in supporting the communities where we live and serve. While being best for the world is always part of our company's aspiration, every August, we lean in even more to give back to the communities. During this year's Month of Caring, DTE team members made a difference across the state as they helped out at food pantries, cleaning up parks, and many other volunteer events. Our employees spent 5,000 hours giving back to our communities. I would also like to take a moment to commend and appreciate the 500 contract line workers and tree trimmers, along with 100 DTE line workers who went south to help with the hurricane relief. In the last few weeks, Hurricane Helene and Hurricane Milton hit Florida Gulf Coast and then flooded several southern states with drenching rain. Millions were without power, and I'm glad our team was able to assist others in need. And as a matter of fact, I received 20 letters from elementary school students in Georgia that really were very grateful for the work that our team did in Georgia. So, thank you again to our team for doing something extraordinarily positive in Georgia. And for our investors, we are in a really great position to deliver on our earnings target this year and are well-positioned for the future. Our long-term operating EPS growth rate remains at 6% to 8%, with 2023 original guidance as the base for this growth. And this solid financial strength in our constructive regulatory environment allows us to continue to invest above our generated cash flows for improved reliability and cleaner generation. As I mentioned, we will provide our typical forward-looking disclosures on the 2024 year-end earnings call. Our updated plan will reaffirm our commitment to deliver premium shareholder returns that our investors have come to expect. Let's turn to Slide 5 to highlight some of the achievements across our portfolio. We are achieving success and progressing on key initiatives across the company. We are progressing toward constructive outcomes for our rate cases at both DTE Gas and DTE Electric. While there is still work to do to ensure the outcomes do not put pressure on our near-term ability to complete our customer-focused investments, we believe these outcomes will ultimately support the investments in grid reliability and cleaner generation that we need to make on behalf of our customers. And we are expecting these constructive outcomes in November for DTE Gas and January for DTE Electric. Additionally, we received the final report from the independent audit of our electric distribution system as directed by the Michigan Public Service Commission. We really appreciated working with the independent audit team over the last year, and we appreciate the insights of recommendations to further improve our system. Joi will go over some of the key items from the audit, but one key takeaway is the confirmation that our proposed investment plan is what is needed to achieve the significant reliability improvements that we have committed to over the next five years, which is reducing power outages by 30% and cutting outage time in half by 2029. We are continuing to progress on these investments and reliability improvements this year, and our customers are seeing the benefits of this work. As I mentioned, we had one of our most effective storm restorations in our company's history in August, demonstrating that our efforts to improve processes and automate the grid are working. Joi will provide some detail on our progress in this area. But I'll just say that we are making great progress on all aspects of our plan as we transition to a smarter grid, update existing infrastructure, rebuild the older sections of the grid, and continue our significant tree trimming efforts. We are also making significant progress in our renewables build-out at DTE Electric. Last month, we broke ground on three new solar parks and have three additional solar parks currently under construction. Together, these projects will add 800 megawatts to our renewable portfolio, which is enough to power more than 220,000 homes. And each project is supporting our MIGreenPower voluntary renewable program, which continues to grow with 2,500 megawatts now subscribed, a nearly 100,000 residential customer subscriptions. In our DTE Gas, we continue to progress on our gas main renewal program this year as we modernize the gas transmission system and our distribution system. And finally, at DTE Vantage, we are advancing a number of custom energy solutions, RNG and carbon capture and sequestration projects. We highlighted the project at Ford Motor Company earlier this year to support Ford's new plant in Tennessee. This project is underpinned by a long-term fixed fee contract and is scheduled to go into full operation in November. We also began construction on an RNG project that is expected to go into service by the end of the year. Now, I'll turn it over to Joi to give some highlights on our regulatory front and reliability improvements. Joi, over to you.
Joi Harris: Thanks Jerry and good morning everyone. I'm excited to discuss the progress we are making to continue to improve system reliability for our customers. As you know, an important part of this journey is the progression of our regulatory proceedings, which supports these investments and helps us gain alignment on the investments required to build the grid of the future and transition to cleaner generation. There are several regulatory proceedings we are currently working, including general rate cases at both of our utilities. We continue to progress toward constructive outcomes in these cases. At DTE Gas, our rate case filing support the important investments necessary to continue to renew our gas infrastructure, which will further minimize leaks, reduce carbon emissions, and lower costs. We are very close to finalizing this case with an order expected in the coming weeks. Our electric rate case outlines the customer-focused investments we need to make to build a smarter, stronger, and more resilient electric grid and to progress further our transition to cleaner generation. This filing underpins the next important step in our long-term investment plan while maintaining affordability for our customers. The filing includes a request to extend and expand the infrastructure recovery mechanism that was approved in the previous rate order. Modeled after our DTE Gas IRM, the DTE Electric IRM allows us to recover the cost of investments in the grid infrastructure between rate cases. Our objective is to work with the commission to grow the IRM over time to help stretch the time between electric rate cases as it does for DTE Gas. We expect the final order on the electric case in January. As Jerry mentioned, we did receive the report on our electric distribution system from the independent auditor that the commission appointed. From the start, we have appreciated the commission's decision to engage a consulting firm in this process to help all parties gain a further understanding of our electric distribution system and identify opportunities for improvement. We view the audit results as constructive and supportive of our capital plan to deliver on reliability commitments for our customers, highlighting the need for strategic investment in our distribution system to deliver on these improvements. The audit confirmed that our proposed investment plan will deliver the dramatic improvements and reliability that we have committed to our customers over the next five years to reduce power outages by 30% and cut in outage time in half by 2029, which is also consistent with the customer service standards set for us by the PSC. We expect to file a formal response on the audit through the regulatory process in November and look forward to incorporating key findings from the audit into our investment strategy going forward. Let's move to Slide 7 to highlight the impact of our reliability improvement efforts on enhancing the customer experience. We continue to make strategic investments and process improvements to enhance our system and improve the customer experience. Jerry mentioned our response to the August store resulted in the highest one-day restoration for a storm of this side, made possible by the investments we are making to fully automate and improve our grid. Through the implementation of smart grid technology, DTE has prevented more than 9,000 power interruptions and avoided over 3.6 million outage minutes through the third quarter of this year. And we also remain focused on tree-trimming efforts as this has proven to be one of the most effective methods for improving reliability. Trees account for half the time our customers are without power, and in areas where tree trimming is up to date, customers experienced significant improvement in reliability. We have trimmed nearly 40,000 miles of trees since 2015 as we move to an enhanced more aggressive standard, and we expect to have our entire system a five-year tree trim cycle by the end of next year. So, as you can see, we continue to make progress in improving reliability, which keeps us on the path to reduce power outages by 30% and cutting outage time in half by 2029. Of course, as we continue to invest in our system, we remain very focused on maintaining customer affordability using our distinctive continuous improvement culture to drive cost management and savings for our customers. Including the recovery of capital costs in our current electric rate case and the estimated power supply cost savings for our customers in 2025. The projected average annual growth of our residential electric bill will be just over 1% from 2021 through 2025 compared to the national average annual increase of close to 6%. This is distinctive in our industry that we were able to invest over $6 billion in our distribution system in the last five years and have one of the industry's lowest bill increases. Our performance versus other states over the last three years is highlighted on Slide 13. Affordability goals are also supported by our diverse energy mix, helping to reduce fuel costs and allowing us to maintain flexibility to adapt to future technology investments. Our long-standing continuous improvement culture also continues to deliver for our customers in the form of lower bills. And finally, our transition to renewable energy is supported by federal tax credits included in the IRA. These tax credits are passed on to our customers, which helps us continue to achieve customer affordability goals. With that, I'll turn it over to Dave to give you a financial update.
David Ruud: Thanks Joi and good morning everyone. Let me start on Slide 8 to review our third quarter financial results. Operating earnings for the quarter were $460 million. This translates into $2.22 per share. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. I'll start the discussion with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $437 million for the quarter. This is $169 million higher than the third quarter of 2023. The main drivers of earnings variance were implementation of base rates, warmer weather, lower storm expenses, and timing of taxes partially offset by higher rate base costs. Moving on to DTE Gas, operating earnings were unfavorable $8 million versus the third quarter last year, driven by higher rate base costs and a return to a more normalized O&M level. This was partially offset by increased revenue from the IRM. Let's move to DTE Vantage on the third row. Operating earnings were $33 million for the third quarter of 2024. This is a $23 million decrease from 2023 due to a combination of some timing and one-time items in 2023 and primarily in our RNG and steel-related businesses. We remain highly confident in our full year guidance for Vantage as new projects continue to ramp-up in the fourth quarter, and provide both earnings and associated investment tax credits. On next row, you can see Energy Trading finished the quarter with earnings of $25 million. We continue to see strong performance in our contract and hedged physical power and physical gas portfolios at this segment. Finally, corporate and other was favorable by $30 million quarter-over-quarter primarily due to the timing of taxes. This timing will reverse through the balance of the year, and we expect to land within the current full year guidance range for this segment. Overall, DTE earned $2.22 per share in the third quarter. When you look across our portfolio of businesses, we are in a great position to achieve our full year operating EPS guidance in 2024, which, at the midpoint, provides 7% growth over the 2023 original guidance midpoint. And we continue to position ourselves to deliver strong results in 2025 and beyond. Let's move to Slide 9 to highlight our strong balance sheet and credit profile. Our significant customer-focused investment is supported by our strong cash from operations. Due to our strong cash flows, we have minimal equity issuances in our plan as we are targeting annual issuances of $0 to $100 million through 2026. Our long-term financial plan incorporates debt refinancing and new issuances to fund our capital investment plan and is consistent with our 6% to 8% operating EPS growth target. We have largely executed our 2024 financing plan at interest rates consistent with our plan, including reducing refinancing risk by successfully prefunding the fourth quarter debt maturities at the parent company. We continue to focus on maintaining our strong investment-grade credit rating and solid balance sheet metrics as we target an FFO to debt ratio of 15% to 16%. Let me wrap-up on Slide 10, and then we will open up for questions. Our team remains focused on our commitment to deliver for all our stakeholders. We continue to invest heavily within our utilities to improve reliability and move toward cleaner generation. Our robust capital plan supports our customers as we execute on these critical investments while focusing on customer affordability. DTE is well-positioned to serve increased load as opportunities for new load continue to solidify in our service territory. The 2024 operating EPS guidance midpoint provides 7% growth over the 2023 original guidance midpoint, and we continue to target long-term operating EPS growth of 6% to 8%. As Jerry mentioned, we will provide the details of our long-term plan on our year-end earnings call. We remain well-positioned to deliver the premium total shareholder returns that our investors have come to expect with a strong balance sheet that supports our future capital investment plan. We look forward to seeing many of you at EEI in a couple of weeks. And with that, I thank you for joining us today, and we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Shar Pourreza: Hey guys. Good morning.
Gerardo Norcia: Morning Shar.
David Ruud: Hey Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Morning Jerry, morning guys. Just -- obviously, congrats on the quarter. Just appreciate that the financial update is moving to the 4Q print, but you kind of removed that reference to the $25 billion CapEx plan. Can you maybe just talk about what you're seeing in terms of system needs that could prompt a reconsideration, any generation needs going forward at this stage? And I don't want to front run the Q4 update, but just a sense there would be super helpful. Thanks.
Gerardo Norcia: That's a good question, Shar. And what we're seeing, I'll take it by the two major components, generation, we are seeing opportunity there for incremental investment. And that's primarily driven by the fact that we had forecasted to subscribe 2,500 megawatts of voluntary renewables over the next four years, and we've already filled the Q. So, we're seeing continued investment opportunity with our voluntary program. And also as we update the plan generation plan for the clean energy legislation that was passed last year, we're also seeing opportunity there as well. And with the report independent audit report on our distribution system, we do see some opportunity there. And when you bring that all together, I think there will be an overall incremental opportunity to invest, and we'll update that at our year-end earnings call.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And Jerry, just on the storm and residency audits, it sounded like the plan is to meet that sort of target of cutting the outages in half by 2029, but it sounds like you still need some additional spending there as well as a result of the storm and resiliency audit. Is that correct?
Gerardo Norcia: We do the incremental opportunity. But Joi, you may want to add that.
Joi Harris: Yes, yes. Yes, Shar, the results really serve as confirmation of our five-year plan to deliver on those reliability commitments, and those commitments align with the service quality standards by the PSC. So, the plan noted that our DGP, or our distribution grid plan, is really aggressive and ambitious and we accept that challenge. And we've demonstrated that we have the execution capability just given our track record over the last couple of years of ramping up our investment. You've mentioned some of the key takeaways. And yes, that could help us reprioritize some of our capital plans. But generally, the finding support our overall levels that we've laid out, but there were some noted increases in certain areas like pull-top maintenance that we're taking into account. But we're really being mindful of affordability and we've chosen to highlight that in the presentation. When you look on Page 13, it just shows that we have been able to stay below the national average in terms of overall bills and build growth. So that's what we are using as our governor, and we've proven that we've done it in an effective manner.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. And then just lastly, on just the funding needs. I mean it sounds like there's some upside bias to that $25 billion. And obviously, you've got a very strong balance sheet. You talked about minimal equity needs between $0 to the $100 billion range. Do you envision that changes when you roll forward your plan? Do you have the balance sheet capacity to take on the incremental CapEx? Or could there be some incremental funding needs?
David Ruud: Hey Shar, this is Dave. We do plan to update all that on the fourth quarter call, and we'll get into that more. In our current plan, you saw we have $0 to $100 million of equity through these next three years, and we don't anticipate that changing through that period. But we'll update more on the out years. Again, we have great cash flow generation. The IRAs continue to support our capital investments. So, we're confident we'll have the capital plan that can support that, too.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. I think that sort of answered it. Appreciate it guys. See you in a couple of weeks.
Gerardo Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey team. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question.
Gerardo Norcia: Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey good morning, Jerry, Dave, Joi. Just maybe can you help us year-to-date, it seems like you're materially ahead of your plan. especially when I kind of think about Q3 of last year and do my walk to Q4 -- I'm sorry, Q4 of 2023 to Q4 2024. Maybe just help us think through what are the puts and takes in Q4, as you think about hitting midpoint of your guidance? Are you moving some costs over from 2025 into 2024? Just thinking about how much progress you've made to date versus your firming the point of your guidance range?
David Ruud: Yes. Sure, Durgesh, I'll take that. I'll start by saying you right. It's a good quarter, and we're doing well relative to last year. And the big driver of that is electric, which, as you remember, last year, we had some storms and weather that were impacting us. And next year, we have some additional margins. So, you can see our electric is doing better. Also, like kind of versus expectations, your expectations, trading is doing well, too. We're at $61 million year-to-date versus our guidance of $35 million for the year. So, that does provide some favorability. I will say, we talked about the timing of taxes. There is timing of taxes at corporate that we know will reverse at the end of the year, and there's some -- a little bit of electric, too. So that comes down. But overall, we are expecting to have a good year. And as you mentioned, we are using that to make -- to position ourselves to make sure we continue to have a good year in 2025 as well. That answer your question, I guess.
Durgesh Chopra: It does. That's helpful. Thank you. Thank you, David. Maybe just a quick follow-up. Can you update us on the performance-based rule-making docket, what are the decisions -- sorry, what are the discussions looking like there? thank you.
Joi Harris: Yes. Durgesh, the -- essentially, the commission has prepared their final straw dog. It includes the seven metrics. We're happy with the metrics. These are metrics that we use to measure ourselves against already. We continue to press for symmetry in how the incentives and disincentives will be applied. As it stands now, we've provided our remarks, and there's no official end date to this docket, but we know that it will not be incorporated into the existing rate case that's currently underway. So, we await a response from the commission, and we'll continue to work with them on finalizing PBR.
Durgesh Chopra: That’s helpful. Thank you for the time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Gerardo Norcia: Good morning. Hey Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Just wanted to start with Vantage side, if I could. Just wondering if you might be able to talk a bit more on the RNG custom solutions there. And I guess, maybe a bit more on the carbon capture side as well, I guess, how you see the time line of that progressing?
David Ruud: We continue to have a really nice pipeline in all those areas. We have some projects. We mentioned we have an RNG project coming online this year. We have some conversion opportunities there that we continue to work -- the custom energy solutions, as supported by the IRA, has given us some good opportunities in that business, too. So, we talked about the Ford project that's coming online, and we see a good pipeline with other industrials throughout as well. And then CCS, as we mentioned, those are some smaller projects, just continuing to advance them with some on-site CCS that we'll be doing and hope to be able to update more throughout next year.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. Thanks. And as you think about potential upside to utility CapEx over time, given some of the items you talked about before. How do you think about portfolio rotation in this segment to help fund some of that, if needed?
Gerardo Norcia: Yes, we're certainly -- as we see upside in utility capital, we'll continue to manage how much we invest and what earnings we expect from Vantage. So, we do see greater emphasis on utility capital in the future.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That makes sense. That’s it from me. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nick Campanella from Barclays. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Nick Campanella: Hey good morning. Hope everyone's doing well.
Gerardo Norcia: Hey Nick.
Nick Campanella: Hey, how are you? I just wanted to ask, as we kind of think about the roll forward, how are you kind of thinking about your load growth? I know it's kind of been roughly flattish, but we are seeing a lot of peers kind of take up their load ambitions. And then maybe you could also kind of talk about the status of the data center bill and the ability to get that passed this year. Thank you.
Gerardo Norcia: Well, our plan at this point, Nick, forecast is essentially flat demand growth in our five-year plan, and we haven't closed any arrangements with data centers, but we have a lot of interest. And in terms of legislation, what we're seeing and what we did see in the -- before the summer recess is that the sales and use tax, the used tax portion of the bill passed the House. As you recall, it's already through the Senate. We're just waiting for the House to finish its work. And we do have some commitment that it will be taken up in the lame duck session here after the election. And the governor has -- continues to indicate that if it gets to a desk, he'll sign it. So we feel pretty good about that. And that's something that the hyperscalers need like the very large data center operators that we're talking to. The aggregators already have a sales and use tax exemption and we're also talking to them. And so our perspective is that at some point here, we will start to connect data center load. And we do have some capacity to offer. And that will be extremely beneficial to our customers and extremely beneficial to affordability, which will help us drive more affordability into the plan, if you will.
Nick Campanella: Hey, that's helpful. I appreciate that. And then I guess just to check in on the electric case quickly. Is it still kind of the base case here that you take this the full distance and we shouldn't be expecting a settlement? I just wanted to get a quick update there. And that's it for me. Thanks.
Joi Harris: Yes. Staff's position is constructive. It will put some pressure on our near-term capital plans that we'll work through. But just given the sheer number of interveners, I think we're up to intervenors. There's really a low probability of settlement at this point, but we believe we can still get a constructive outcome, and we'll know definitively in January.
Nick Campanella: All right. Thank you.
Gerardo Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Arcaro from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, your line is open.
David Arcaro: Hey good morning. Thanks for taking my questions.
Gerardo Norcia: Morning.
Joi Harris: Morning.
David Arcaro: Let me see, maybe on the gas rate case side of things, reflecting on the ALJ recommendation in that case, ROE was lower than we would have thought. And just wondering, has there been any change from your perspective in the backdrop in terms of maybe the commission's perspective on gas rates and affordability and returns?
Joi Harris: Yes, if you look at the staff position after the ALJ's testimony, their exceptions were right in line with their initial testimony, so we feel -- and which was constructive. So we feel really good about where we stand with the gas rate case. We will know definitively in the next couple of weeks. I think we mentioned before that this was a new ALJ. And in the electric rate case, there is no ALJ. So, David, we'll know in about two weeks where we stand, and staff was very supportive of all of the capital that we have in the gas rate case as well.
David Arcaro: Yes. Got you. Absolutely. That makes sense. Thanks. And then maybe just on voluntary renewables. How has the momentum been in that program? Where could you see that going maybe from the 2,500 megawatts that you have currently subscribed?
Gerardo Norcia: We'll update that at the year-end call, but certainly, it will be higher than 2,500 megawatts. I always say that I can't seem to put a high enough target on that team. They've always exceed expectations. So, we had 2,500 megawatts forecasted for the next four years. And that order book has been full -- filled, I should say. And we still see significant opportunity, so more to come on that.
David Arcaro: Okay, great. Sounds good. We'll wait for that in 4Q. Appreciate it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Jefferies. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Hey, good morning team. Thank you guys very much.
Gerardo Norcia: Morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Maybe following up on Nick's question super quickly here. Just in terms of implications here, I mean how much of an inflection do you think the sense with the lame duck success here on the use tax -- sales use tax is successful here, would you expect? Or is that more of a longer-dated opportunity? I mean, just to go back to what you said a second ago, Jerry, you have obviously near-term capacity availability here. Just want to understand the timing and the progress you're having in those conversations in parallel?
Gerardo Norcia: Sure. So, available capacity, as I mentioned in the past, is less than 1,000 megawatts, so it's in the hundreds of megawatts. And we would look to secure that in the near term, near term being over the next 12 months and that -- some of that will be independent of sales and use tax exemption passing and somewhat with the large hyperscalers will need that sales and use tax exemption, which we expect to be dealt with this fall. And by the way, that was all very bipartisan, which is also encouraging that, that bill passes Senate in a bipartisan way and half the bill passed in a high bipartisan way as well. So, we expect the other half of this bill in the House to move along before the end of the year. But yes, we expect the hundreds of megawatts to be placed, what I would say, in the relatively near term.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Thank you. And then maybe pivoting to the IRM here, I mean it's a pretty meaningful chunk of the overall ask here if you think about it. How do you think about the cadence of rate cases tend to wish that you don't get the full infrastructure recovery ask here? How do you think about that? I mean, obviously, there's a clear ask in the last hand given the audit report and the pressure to improve metrics here. I mean just -- I know it's a little bit of a rock and hard place, but how do you think about that conversation and the potential for serial cases here?
Joi Harris: Well, I think it's staff testimony. They essentially help to the current levels. For the IRM, I think going forward, they were relying -- they will rely on the audit results, which we have already said are positive and support our capital plan. I think we would have to grow the IRM to significant levels. It would have to be, call it, $1 billion before we would even be able to stay out of a rate case for a period of time. That's what we are campaigning for, and I think the audit results kind of help us make the case that an IRM would be helpful for us and helpful for customers.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes. And I think, Julien, we may see probably not significant movement in this rate case, but we're getting signals that as this audit lands and gets sort of adopted and finalized in our planning process, along with the commission's understanding of how we should move forward, we do see a willingness to grow the IRM so that we can reduce the frequency of rate cases. So, I think it will take, like we mentioned, this past year, it will take several more rate cases before we get to a level where we could put some time between these rate cases, which I think everybody wants.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes, indeed. And it's good to hear that you've got some line of sight and conversations there. All right. Excellent. Thank you very much. We'll see you soon.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Sullivan from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Michael Sullivan: Hey everyone. Good morning.
Gerardo Norcia: Morning.
Michael Sullivan: Just picking up on that last question in terms of rate case cadence and obviously, you made the decision to hold off on the long-term refresh with two cases pending. I guess how should we think about that going forward since you're going to continually be in rate cases? Or will you ultimately get back to your prior time line of Q3? Is it going to shift to more Q4 going forward? Or is this kind of a moving target depending on cases being pending at any given time?
David Ruud: Hey Michael, it's David. I think we'll see how things play out in the future and kind of decide on that going forward. We do know that we're going to have to keep going in for rate cases. But we remain confident we're going to get the capital investment that we need from these rate cases to support our growth going forward, too. But we'll continue -- we'll update that as we go forward.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. And then just shifting over to the year-to-date strength in the trading, Dave, I think you mentioned you already have the full year guide. Is there some reversal that you're expecting in Q4? Or is that strength going to continue? And maybe just looking out into next year, what are you seeing for that segment?
David Ruud: Yes, you're right. We are off to a really good start this year. Like I said, we're at $61 million versus our guidance of $35 million. And I will say this performance is based on contracted and hedge positions in our physical gas portfolio and our gas portfolio. So, we don't see a big reversal coming in the fourth quarter or anything that should change that dramatically. We look forward, we'll -- again, as we've said a few times on this call, we'll update a lot on the fourth quarter call and give you some better looks. But when we look at some of these power contracts, they are three-year contracts that we've done through this FRS and they have higher margins than we had seen before. So, we do see some reason for optimism in this business going forward, too.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, great. And then last one, just quickly, I think someone did mention just trying to think about the drivers upcoming for Q4. So, if trading is going to remain strong or at least there's no reversal coming. Can you just remind us in terms of the kind of one-time cost cutting that you did a year ago whether any of that showed up in Q4 and would be potentially reversing this year?
David Ruud: Yes. We did -- if you remember, last year, we were no holds barred on our O&M. And so some of those costs have come back into this year relative to last year. If you take away the storm costs we had last year, some of that does come in. And then I will say gas has been faced with some tough weather this year. You'll see in the appendix that it's almost $50 million of weather. We made up some of that. But we're working that to try to -- but it will be challenging to have that within the range, too. So, that will play in the fourth quarter. But again, we're seeing a strong year this year and expect it to be a good year and find ways that we can continue to support 2025 through that, too.
Michael Sullivan: Great. Thanks a lot Dave.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Fremont from Ladenburg. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Paul Fremont: Great. Thanks. When I look at the 45, the tax credits that are expected next year, would you expect that, that would put your nonregulated business contribution above your targeted range at least over the course of the next several years?
David Ruud: Yes, I'll probably go back to that same answer I've given a couple of times. But when we do give our update on the fourth quarter, we'll go into all this. These 45Zs, which are tax credit, production tax credit for our RNG business, they are a favorable thing that will come into 2025 through 2027. I will say when we gave our 2028 growth that we knew that wasn't going to be in there, and we were still cutting our six to eight -- but it's favorable to give us better confidence and some flexibility and hitting the earnings over those few years, hitting our EPS growth over those few years, and we will give more updates on that on the fourth quarter call as well, Paul.
Paul Fremont: And I mean in terms of those percentage targets, I mean, would you be willing to sort of allow that to be higher than the targeted range because of the temporary nature of the 45Z contributions?
David Ruud: Yes, we will update on all that on the fourth quarter call. We're trying not to give guidance piecemeal through the year and try to give it all at once when we give our full year guidance across all of our businesses. So, we'll update that fully on the fourth quarter call.
Paul Fremont: Great. And I guess my last question is, if you did the same type of number you did in the fourth quarter, it would put you way above sort of your guidance range. So, should we at least should we at least assume that right now you're tracking at least towards the higher end of your guidance range for this year?
David Ruud: We expect to come in within our guidance range. We are also looking to support 2025 how we can. And again, there's some timing effect issues -- not issues, but timing of taxes will reverse in corporate, a little bit in electric that will kind of bring us within those ranges as well.
Paul Fremont: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Appicelli from UBS. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Bill Appicelli: Hi, good morning. Just a couple of questions on the year-end numbers here, too. Can you quantify the impact of the tax timing items?
David Ruud: Yes, there's a little bit at electric and corporate. And together, they are about $40 million.
Bill Appicelli: Okay. And then on Vantage, year-to-date, that $55 million, it looks like there's implying about an $80 million step-up in Q4. Is that still on track?
David Ruud: Yes, Yes, that's still on track.
Bill Appicelli: Okay. So, the development of those projects going into service and so forth, there's no issues there?
David Ruud: No, the big one going in is the Ford one that Jerry was talking about in the call, where we're doing the central energy plant for the Blue City project at Ford and their Tennessee facility. And there's -- some of that already is in service, and there's three large systems that will come into service within the fourth quarter that will drive both the income and the associated investment tax credits in the quarter.
Bill Appicelli: Okay. And then on the potential for increase in large load, I mean, is there any kind of sensitivity you can provide if we think about if you're assuming relatively flat, but the potential for upside on that, it's the legislation comes through or additional economic development starts to materialize. Is there a sensitivity we can think about for large C&I from an earnings perspective?
Gerardo Norcia: Well, I think what we'll do is we'll use the incremental margin to support our affordability initiatives. I think there will be an opportunity as we land this load to accelerate our capital plans without putting bill pressure on our customers. So, I think that's how we will use the incremental margin. We're probably not in a position to size it yet because it's very early in the contract discussions with some of the potential data centers that they're looking to locate here in Michigan, but that's how it would be deployed. It will be deployed as an affordability play, and in turn, that would create headroom for us to invest against. We've got a massive backlog in our distribution business. We are looking to invest $9 billion over the next five years, but we could easily accelerate that. And that type of margin attachment could enable that acceleration without creating bill pressure off.
Bill Appicelli: Okay. And then lastly, I mean, do you have an existing tariff structure place that you think is adequate? Or would that need to be reviewed in context of additional large loads?
Gerardo Norcia: So, for the existing capacity, we've got an existing tariff that we think will work quite well. For the long-dated capacity additions that could come from this opportunity, we would have to design a tailored tariff that would look at ensuring that we brought in enough margin and also for a long enough term that we wouldn't create any type of stranded asset situation for existing customers.
Bill Appicelli: Okay, great. That’s it from me. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sophie Karp from KeyBanc. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Sophie Karp: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question.
Gerardo Norcia: Morning.
Sophie Karp: A lot of my questions have been answered. I just wanted to ask you on the potential five year's capital that's going to come from incorporating the results of the storm audit into your future capital plan. And I think when we read the report, right, one of the concerns that the consultants had in that case was the ambitiousness of your goals, if you will, right, and the potential impact on customer bills. And I was wondering if you see any need for sort of other mechanisms offsetting this potential increases, right, to moderate those customer bill increases? Maybe it's a storm securitization costs that's needed or something else that you might need to kind of go ahead with that plan and keep the customer rate growth sort of slow. Or do you think you can accomplish that within the existing rate structure? thank you.
Gerardo Norcia: So, I would say that our five-year capital plan anticipates the capital that we need to achieve this ambitious plan of reducing the frequency by 30% and the duration by 50%. Obviously, the audit didn't really get deep into how our affordability plans and our financials will work through all of this. It was more of a physical condition audit and recommendations. And interestingly enough, if you -- on the face value, the audit would put pressure to increase the capital overall into our distribution business. But -- so we feel very confident in achieving our affordability goals. And as Joi pointed out, like on Page 13 of our presentation, you'll see that we've had -- even though we've invested over $6 billion over the last five years, we've managed our costs and managed our fuel portfolio, and also the renewable assets are putting downward pressure on bills, and we're extraordinary in how we're performing in that regard. So, we continue to we remain confident that we can continue to deliver that extraordinary performance on affordability.
Sophie Karp: Okay. So, no need for any new structural new mechanisms in your view right now?
Gerardo Norcia: We don't anticipate any at this point in time.
Sophie Karp: Okay. And then maybe if I can ask you on Vantage, right? I don't know if that's -- are there opportunities in that business to take advantage of the kind of growth in the large load of customers. I'm not sure if that's kind of like the right fit for that business. But are you seeing any potential strategic opportunities there?
Gerardo Norcia: We are having those conversations. I mean if you think about the business line that -- in the custom energy solutions business line, where we provide cogeneration assets, generation assets as well as other, what I would call, central plant energy services like air and water and cooling and heating, there are opportunities for that. And we're having those conversations with potential data center customers.
Sophie Karp: Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question will come from Travis Miller from Morningstar. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Travis Miller: Good morning everyone. Thank you.
Gerardo Norcia: Morning.
Travis Miller: Just to wrap-up a couple of things. On the audit, after you file your the response, what do you see as the pathway for this? Is this something that closes? Or is this something that is going to perhaps last long, maybe even come up with some metrics you have to meet over years? What's your view on the pathway there?
Joi Harris: Yes, we'll file our responses in mid-November, and we are continuing to have conversations with the staff on the findings and looking at how we incorporate the findings into our plans. There really is no formal end to the process. I think the docket essentially closes with everyone providing their comments. And then on a go-forward basis, anything that results of either discussions with staff, I would anticipate, will be incorporated in future regulatory proceedings.
Gerardo Norcia: And the vehicle for that with the staff that works really well for us is the distribution grid plan, which gets updated. And as Joi mentioned, I mean, we're meeting multiple times a week right now with staff to digest to the audit and start kind of building it into our distribution grid plan, which will be a really, really good process supported by the independent audit to formulate and sort of secure our investments for the future, make them more secure in terms of predictability. So, we're excited about the work and the level of engagement and effort that staff and our team is putting into fine-tuning the plan if well to achieve the goals and also address some of the opportunities that the audit pointed out.
Joi Harris: Yes, really collaborative process.
Gerardo Norcia: High-quality products. Yes.
Travis Miller: And would you say just kind of on that whole idea of performance-based rates, bringing in that docket, is that something the metrics you're talking about that could be an outcome of the audit kind of tying those together?
Gerardo Norcia: Well, there's no pre-specification in this docket to address performance-based rates, and that was not in scope. But as you've heard already from Joi, there is a separate docket that deals with performance-based rates that will not be incorporated in this rate case, but there could be some potential that it gets incorporated in the next rate case. And we feel really good about the metrics in there and we're striving for a little more symmetry. The amount that's in there is also reasonable. So, it feels like it's moving in the right direction. It really does go to the heart of what we should be delivering for our customers, and I think it's going to be supported by investment. So, we feel like PVR will be highly supported by the investments that we're making. So, we're comfortable with the direction it's sitting in.
Travis Miller: Okay, great. And then real quick, any supply chain issues seen in the renewable energy growth that you got?
Gerardo Norcia: We're lined up pretty good for the next three years in terms of solar panels, and we've got that nailed down. So, we don't see any issues. Our battery plant project is well underway and those systems are being fabricated as we speak. So, we feel like we've got a good runway there from a supply chain perspective.
Travis Miller: Okay, perfect. That’s all I got. Thanks.
Gerardo Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Jerry Norcia for closing remarks.
Gerardo Norcia: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'll just close by saying we're feeling really good about 2024 as well as our position for future years. We look forward to seeing you at EEI in a few weeks and have a great morning. Stay healthy and safe.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Eric and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DTE Energy Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. After the speaker's remarks there will a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Krupinski, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Matthew Krupinski: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind you to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix. With us this morning are Jerry Norcia, Chairman and CEO; Joi Harris, President and CEO; and Dave Ruud, Executive Vice President and CFO. And now, I'll turn it over to Jerry to start the call this morning.
Gerardo Norcia: Thanks Matt and good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. I hope everyone is enJoiing the summer and staying healthy and safe. This morning I will discuss how DTE is on track to achieve our targets this year and highlight achievements we have made through the first half of the year as we continue to deliver for all of our key stakeholders. Joi will provide you with an update on our capital investment agenda and a great work we are doing to enhance reliability as we continue to build the grid of the future, while continuing to focus on customer affordability. And Dave will provide a financial update and wrap things up before we take your questions. Let me start on slide four. We had a very strong first half of 2024 and we are in a great position to deliver on our targets across the company this year. Our success is a result of our commitment to deliver for our customers and our communities and as I've said many times, this starts with the efforts of our highly engaged employees. As I mentioned earlier, this year the engagement of our team was recognized by receiving the Gallup Great Workplace Award for the 12 year in a row. We were also recognized with the Best Employers award for excellence in health and well being. This award recognizes companies for their commitment to advancing employee well being through innovative initiatives identifying the importance of health equity and an effective culture of employee engagement. I am proud of our team for receiving these awards and being recognized for our outstanding engagement. This engagement is why I am confident that we will continue to deliver for our customers and our communities. On the customer front, our team has done great work to support our customers through the few storms we face this year. Providing our customers with safe and reliable service is paramount to our company's success, which is why one of our key focus areas in 2024 is improving our storm restoration process and we have made great progress on that front as evidenced by achieving some of our fastest restorations for the storms that we have had this year as we work towards restoring all customers within 48 hours after a storm. We also had a period of extreme heat where temperatures in our service territory hit 90 degrees for six consecutive days last month. This was one of the longest heat waves that we have had at DTE in the last 20 years. I'm very proud that our system held up extremely well under these conditions, but I'm even more proud of our team's efforts to take care of our customers in a number of ways. During this time, we distributed hundreds of fans to nonprofit agencies to keep customers cool and delivered nearly 100,000 bottles of water to 30 community partner agencies across southeast Michigan. In addition, the DTE foundation partnered with United Way to provide 500 rides to cooling centers to help keep customers safe and to complete nearly 3000 wellness checks for our most vulnerable customers as the heat intensified. We take pride in supporting the communities where we live and serve and we are recognized for our service as DTE is honored to be named to the Civic 50 for the seventh consecutive year. This award, presented by Points of Light, recognizes the most community minded companies in the nation and it is a testament to our team to receive this award. I'd also like to highlight the expansion of our Energy Efficiency Academy, which is DTE's workforce development program that supports the growing demand for energy efficient home repairs in Detroit, while also building a local workforce that further benefits the community. Building on the academy's successful first year, we are expanding with more partners in Detroit as well as planning an advanced training program in the Grand Rapids area. This has been a great program to help those interested in working in the clean energy industry and a majority of the participants have secured full time employment. Financially, we are in great position to deliver on our earnings targets this year. Our long term operating EPS growth rate remains strong at 6% to 8% with 2023 original guidance as the base for this growth and we will continue to have a strong balance sheet and credit ratings to support our customer focused capital investment plan. We remain committed to deliver premium shareholder returns that our investors have come to expect and importantly, our strong financial health, along with the constructive regulatory environment in which we operate, supports the significant investments we are making for our customers. It allows us to invest more than the cash we generate a from our operations to further improve reliability and transition to cleaner generation. Again, the ability to invest above our cash flows is only made possible by constructive regulatory outcomes. Let's turn to slide five to highlight some of the achievements across our portfolio. As I mentioned, we are on track to achieve our full year guidance in 2024 and we are positioning ourselves continue to deliver strong results in 2025 as well as growth our long term plan. On the regulatory front, we continue to progress toward constructive rate case outcomes for both DTE electric and DTE Gas. Our electric rate case outlines the customer focused investments we need to make to build a smarter, stronger, more resilient electric grid of the future for our customers and to further our transition to cleaner generation. This filing underpins the next important step in our long term investment plan to achieve grid reliability and transform to cleaner generation while maintaining affordability for our customers. We expect intervener testimony in the electric case tomorrow and we look forward to working together with all the parties ahead of the scheduled final order in January. At DTE Gas, our rate case filing supports the important investments necessary to continue to renew our gas infrastructure, which will further minimize leaks and reduce costs. We are in discussions with intervening parties prior to a final order scheduled in November. We continue to make significant strides in our reliability efforts this year and our customers are seeing the benefits of this work. Joi will provide some detail on our progress in this area, but I'll just mention the efforts we are making in automating our electric system. We installed a couple hundred automated re-closers last year and we are ramping up the effort this year. We'll move from the hundreds to the thousands in a very short time as we work to automate our entire system. To put the impact of the reclosers into perspective, the operation of the devices already installed have saved over 250,000 customer minutes of outages this year alone. This demonstrates the significant impact these can make at improving reliability for our customers. To support our advancements in cleaner generation, last month we broke ground on the battery energy storage system that we highlighted on the first quarter call. This project is a 220 megawatt system at the site of the former Trenton Channel Power Plant and is expected to be operational in 2026 and will be the largest standalone battery energy storage project in the Great Lakes region. The project supports our integrated resource plan and Michigan's new statewide energy storage target, both of which align with DTE's net zero carbon reduction goals. We continue to see strong growth in our voluntary renewables program at DTE Electric. Our MIGreenPower program currently has nearly 2500 mw subscribed and nearly 100,000 residential customer subscriptions. And at DTE Gas, we are progressing on our gas main renewal program as we continue to modernize the gas transmission system. At DTE Vantage, we continue to advance custom energy solutions, RNG and carbon capture and sequestration projects. We highlighted the Ford Motor Company custom energy solutions project earlier this year to support Ford's new plant in Tennessee. The project is underpinned by a long term fixed fee contract and is scheduled to go into operation later this year. We also began construction on a RNG project that is expected to go into service in the second half of the year. Let's move to slide six to highlight how DTE is well positioned for growth. Southeastern Michigan continues to be a great region for economic development, attracting many large companies that contribute to the progress of our state and its residents. General Motors, Henry Ford Health and the University of Michigan are among the large companies putting major investments into our service territory, providing significant economic development, including providing thousands of jobs. We continue to collaborate with partners throughout the state to target key business segments to drive further economic growth, particularly in the areas of battery manufacturing, hydrogen and data centers. As you all know, data center development and the impact of the potential load from these centers has been an important focus over the last year. DTE is very well positioned to serve data centers. We are in discussions with a number of potential customers on development opportunities and ensuring that these projects are good for all of our customers. The pending sales and use tax exemption legislation in Michigan would lower the cost of operating data centers, and the governor has indicated a great willingness to sign these bills if they come to our desk, which we expect in the fall or subsequent periods. So, to wrap up my comments, I'll just say I continue to be very excited about our start in 2024 and how we are well positioned to continue to deliver now and into the future for our customers, our communities, and our investors. Now I'll turn it over to Joi to give some highlights on our investment agenda and reliability improvements. Joi, over to you.
Joi Harris: Thanks Jerry and good morning everyone. I'm happy to be here with all of you today and excited for the opportunities that we have in front of us as we continue to make significant investments in our system, investments that are really making a difference for our customers in improving reliability and continuing our transition to cleaner generation. I'll start on slide seven to review our long-term capital plan. Then I'll provide you with some examples of how our commitment to strengthen our grid is really having an impact on our customers experience. Over the next five years, we are on track to make significant customer focused capital investments across our businesses, with about 95% of our $25 billion investment slated for our utilities. We are focused on modernizing our grid to ensure we can continue to provide safe, reliable and affordable energy. We are also making significant investments to transform the way we produce power as we shift towards renewables and natural gas and away from coal generation. An important part of our clean energy transition is our voluntary renewable program, MIGreenPower, which continues to be the largest green tariff program in the country. Additionally, at our gas utility, we continue our important main renewal work which strengthens and improves our natural gas infrastructure and further reduces greenhouse gas emissions. DTE makes all of these investments with a sharp focus on customer affordability, using our distinctive continuous improvement culture to drive cost management and savings for our customers. The shift from coal to cleaner energy sources also helps to further reduce o and m costs and our diverse energy mix helps to reduce fuel costs as well and allows us to maintain flexibility to adapt to future technology advancements. And finally, our transition to renewable energy is supported by the IRA, helping us to continue to achieve customer affordability goals and further enhance opportunities for growth at DTE Vantage. Let's move to slide eight to highlight our reliability improvement work and how it's making an impact in improving the customer experience. We are making a lot of progress on building the grid of the future. We are progressing in four major areas as we work on improving reliability for our customers. First, we are quickly transitioning to a smarter grid. As Jerry mentioned, we are adding significantly more technology to our system by installing 10,000 smart devices, effectively automating our entire system by 2029. These devices or automated reclosers, allow us to pinpoint and isolate issues during an outage and reroute power so we can restore many of our customers within minutes while crews make repairs. And perhaps most important, these devices will automatically de energize a line when it senses a fault such as a wire on the ground, helping to keep our customers safe. Secondly, we are aggressively updating our existing infrastructure. We are replacing and upgrading poles, cross arms, transformers and other pole top and substation equipment. We are making great progress in this area. Last year alone, we inspected and updated our pole top equipment across more than 1700 miles. A hardening program in Detroit is a great example of this work. On average, customers experience an 80% improvement in reliability in the first year following hardening. The third focus is to rebuild significant portions of our grid. While updating equipment is certainly important, we are also completely rebuilding the oldest portions of our grid. I'll give you a few examples of where this work is happening and the significant impact it's having. We are investing over $100 million and two projects on Detroit's East Side. These projects involved constructing two substations and replacing approximately 300 miles of overhead and underground infrastructure with new, more durable equipment. We also have an undergrounding pilot in Detroit that continues to move forward. These pilots are critical as we gain experience on ways to improve our processes and bring down the cost of undergrounding. In this pilot, we're doing both gas upgrades and electric undergrounding at the same time to achieve meaningful cost savings and reduce inconvenience for our customers. We also have a number of projects outside of Detroit across our service territory. This work on rebuilding these areas of our grid is having a significant impact. Customers experience a 90% increase in reliability where we've executed on this rebuilding work. And finally, we remain heavily focused on our tree trimming efforts as this remains one of the most effective methods to improve reliability. Trees account for half of the time our customers are without power and in areas where tree trimming is up-to-date, customers experience significant improvements in reliability. We have trimmed nearly 40,000 miles of trees since 2015 and we expect to have our entire system on a five year tree trim cycle by the end of next year. So, as you can see, we are doing intense, focused work to improve our system for our customers and our distribution grid plan lays out our journey to building the grid of the future through our necessary customer focused investments. With that, I'll turn it over to Dave to give you a financial update.
David Ruud: Thanks Joi and good morning everyone. Let me start on slide nine to review our second quarter financial results. Operating earnings for the quarter were $296 million. This translates into $1.43 per share. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. I will start the review at the top of the page with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $279 million for the quarter. This is $101 million higher than the second quarter of 2023. The main drivers of the earnings variance were implementation of base rates and warmer weather partially offset by higher rate base costs. Moving on to DTE Gas operating earnings were $12 million lower than the second quarter of 2023, driven by warmer weather and higher rate base costs partially offset by increased revenue from the IRM. Let's move to DTE Vantage on the third row, operating earnings were $14 million for the second quarter of 2024. This is a $12 million decrease from 2023 due to a combination of some timing and one-time items, primarily in our custom energy solutions and steel related businesses. We continue to be highly confident in our full year guidance for vantage. Compared to the first half of 2024, earnings in the second half will be notably higher. This is driven by the shape of earnings for projects in our custom energy solutions and RNG portfolios and some new projects that come online in the second half of the year. On the next row, you can see energy trading finished the quarter with earnings of $31 million. This is a $5 million decrease from last year, primarily due to lower performance of the physical gas portfolio. We are continuing to experience really strong results through the first half of the year as we realize strong contracted margins in our physical power portfolio and stronger performance in our gas portfolio. With these stronger contracted margins, we should experience some upside at energy trading for the year. However, for now we are maintaining our conservative guidance for this business. Finally, corporate another was favorable by $18 million quarter over quarter due to the timing of taxes which will reverse through the balance of the year, bringing us within the current full year guidance range for our corporate and other segment. Overall, DTE earned $1.43 per share in the second quarter. As Jerry said, we had a great first half of the year and we are well positioned to achieve our targets in 2024. Additionally, we are continuing to work to position ourselves to deliver strong results in 2025 and through our long term plan. Let's move to slide ten to highlight our strong balance sheet and credit profile. As Joi discussed, we need to continue to invest heavily into our utilities to improve reliability and move toward cleaner generation. This customer focused investment is supported by our robust cash from operations which is shown on our cash and capital guidance slide in the appendix. Due to these strong cash flows, we still have minimal equity issuances in our plan as we are targeting annual issuances of zero to $100 million through 2026. Our long term financial plan incorporates debt refinancing and new issuances to fund our capital investment plan and is consistent with our six to 8% long term operating EPS growth target. We've eliminated the interest rate risk of our 2024 debt issuances at all end rates that are better than what we had in our plan and we continue to manage future issuances beyond 2024 through an active hedging program and other opportunities that mitigate interest rate variability. So, for example, we have eliminated interest rate risk on nearly half of the debt refinancing needs at the parent company in 2025. We continue to focus on maintaining our strong investment grade, credit rating and solid balance sheet metrics as we target an FFO to debt ratio of 15% to 16%. Let me wrap up on slide eleven and then we'll open the line for questions. Our team continues our commitment to deliver for all of our stakeholders. Our robust capital plan supports our customers as we execute on the critical investments that we need to make to improve reliability and transition to cleaner generation while focusing on customer affordability. DTE is well positioned to serve increased load as opportunities for development continue in our service territory. The 2024 operating EPS guidance midpoint provides 7% growth over the 2023 original guidance midpoint and we continue to target long term operating EPS growth of 6% to 8%. We are well positioned to deliver the premium total shareholder returns that our investors have come to expect with a strong balance sheet that supports our future capital investment plan. With that, I thank you for joining us today and we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning. Just want to pick up, I guess, on prior conversations with regards to any updates you might be able to share with conversations with hyperscale or negotiations and how you see, I guess, the timeline of these negotiations developing given the background of the Michigan sales and use tax legislation and I guess lack of clarity on the coming to Fruition at this point?
Gerardo Norcia: Jeremy, I would say the conversations and engagement with the hyperscalers continue, and I would say that there's still very strong interest by multiple parties and they are awaiting the results of the legislative effort we were targeting. There was a target for the legislature to get that done in the spring, but I think the budget deliberations kind of overtook that process. But there's still very strong bipartisan support both in the House and the Senate, and the governor still is indicating strong willingness to sign it if it comes to her desk, which we expect to happen sometime this fall and or the balance of this year. So I think as soon as that happens, I think we'll start to get a little more serious traction on landing some data centers.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful there. Just turning to the quarter and some of the results there. I was curious in the corporate and other that the timing of taxes, if you might be able to, I guess, quantify a bit more the impact there and should we expect that to kind of reverse in future quarters?
David Ruud: Hi, Jeremy, this is Dave. Yes, the timing of taxes will reverse as we go. This is really an effective tax rate adjustment. So it adjusts the consolidated year-to-date income tax expense for what we think will be the annual tax rate at the end of the year. And it does come to zero at the end. So we did see some favorability from that of about $0.10 in the quarter and that will adjust again as we go through the year.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. Just one last quick one for me. If you might be able to share any color for the second quarter earnings, how much came from tax equity advantage and how we should think about that, I guess, trajectory here.
David Ruud: Yes, there was, there really wasn't anything that was tax related, ITC or PPC advantage in the, in the second quarter. we, I will say we're, you can see that we have our lot backloaded advantage through the year. We're really confident our full year guidance there. A lot of it is project related that comes through the second half and, a little bit will be a tax as well in the second half as we go through the, as we go through the year. But we're really confident in our guidance of 125 to 135 there.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's really helpful. And just actually one last one, if I could, energy trading, is there any other incremental color you could provide with regards to the type of activities happening there in us on the outside and how to kind of model or think about how that will ebb and flow over time?
David Ruud: Yes, you saw in the quarter and for the year so far, we're off to a really strong start there. And that's driven by really two areas. One is our power FRS portfolio. So these are contracted and hedged positions that we do. And there is a shape to those through the year and we expect that that shape will, it should increase through the end of the year. And then our gas portfolio, we have some structured contracts there as well, were able to take advantage of. Some of those are contracted and hedged also. So we had a good first half. We're really about on our guidance for the year right now, but we want to go through the summer, see how that plays out with the weather and see how it works for the rest of the year. But as you saw, we did have a very good first half of the year in energy trading. And these are multi-year contracts so we expect some of that, some of those high margin, high margins that are contract and continue to provide benefit sometime into the future, beyond this year as we'll
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, guys. Good morning. Just real quick on the ray case filing, obviously, it's an early inning, testimony is tomorrow. The provisions and kind of the mechanisms remain unchanged. Do you feel, I guess, there would be an opportunity for a settlement after testimony, or do the parties once again kind of want to litigate a path? I guess, how are you overall thinking about a settlement at this juncture, whether it's partial or non unanimous to help take issues off the table?
Joi Harris: Morning, Shar. Yes. So we are anticipating testimony tomorrow. If we can get to a contested settlement, our chances of settlement increase. But if not, there are a lot of intervenors in this case. Obviously we would like to settle, but if we don't settle, we feel pretty confident in our ability to receive a constructive outcome regardless. So it's a pretty straightforward case. It's all about the capital we need to invest to improve the reliability for our customers, and we hope that the commission is seeing that in our testimony and it's pretty strong testimony in that regard.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Did any of the rate design proposals in the case cause any kind of contention as we're thinking about that settlement path?
Joi Harris: Not really. Most of the intervenors are picking up on what least we've seen in the past. There's some interest in just our path forward on our retirement of our plant and then also some other environmental pieces. But generally speaking, there isn't much great design that is contested in the case.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Okay, great. And then maybe just a question on vantage. I mean, obviously the business mix has changed over the years. Do you kind of anticipate growing the existing platform for services in RNG? Would you lean on one or the other? And as the opportunity sort of for carbon capture, potentially load services for industrial data centers increases, I guess. How do you find vantage repositioning? Is there even a need to look for some optimization there?
Gerardo Norcia: Sure. The two most significant opportunities that we continue to pursue are Greenfield RNG, and we've got a good backlog of those projects. And then secondly, our custom energy solutions, which is sort of behind the fence industrial installation, where we're providing cogen services, water services, compressed air services. Those are nice long term contracts, fixed fee without commodity risk. Those are the two primary areas of focus. CCS still is an emerging opportunity for us. We've got a number of parties that have committed to working with us contractually to test the feasibility of carbon capture and storage, and we're in the middle of a handful of those opportunities right now, so more to come on that before it becomes a business line that starts to create value. But we feel good about it. But we're also very focused on the first two business lines that I mentioned.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, got it. Sorry, Jared, just the optimization. Is there any need to do some portfolio optimization there?
Gerardo Norcia: If we see two things, one, is the business growing beyond our 10% We're very committed to the 90/10 -- 90/10 mix between utility and non-utility. That would be one potential trigger. And secondly, after we're sniffing equity needs at DTE, that would be a second trigger to perhaps look at asset optimization and rotation. Right now, we don't. In our current forecast, we don't see that need, but so it doesn't really create incremental value for us to rotate assets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI, please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, team. Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. I just want to -- just want to start off on '24 expectations for '24. Maybe just. Can you remind us, where do you sit year-to-date in terms of weather impacts, I think it was $0.28 to the negative in 1Q. And here it's slightly positive. So maybe just. Is it the $0.27 net number that we see in the first half and you have mitigation underway. Maybe just reconcile that for us?
Gerardo Norcia: Yes. We show the weather impact slide. It's in the deck on page 14. You can see at year-to-date at electric we're still negative four and at gas, negative $0.23. But as we build in some contingency for weather throughout the year. And so, we're, we're really confident that we're going to be able to meet what we need to do for the second half of the year and, hopefully see some good weather which will allow us to invest some more for our customers in '24 to pull forward some of the investment we need to do for our customers from, from later years into '24 and help out even more.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. That's helpful. So basically, slight offset to 1Q weather and still on track for 2024 with your sort of contingency measures in place. Okay, Joi, thanks for sharing all the details on the operational things you're doing, vegetation management, etcetera. Just wondering, how's the liberty consulting review going? And as you made these operational changes, how is that getting factored into the review study and what to expect there as we await a report in fall here?
Joi Harris: Yes, thanks. I say that the audit is wrapping up. The auditors have completed their interviews and they've done field visits. We've gotten positive feedback on our interaction with them. It's been a very collaborative process till now, and we anticipate that will continue as we get the report in September. The initial feedback is very much in line with, the agenda that we set forward in our plans. We may see some shifts in programming slightly, but generally speaking, we've seen nothing to indicate that we'll be, there will be any surprises in September.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
David Arcaro: Hey, good morning. Thanks so much for taking my questions. Hey. Let's see, I guess wondering if you could give an update on how you're seeing the Performance Based Rates potentially shape up from here any progress and the direction of that new structure?
Gerardo Norcia: Sure. So there's been a lot of interaction and collaboration with the staff on this PBR process, and I would say we're landing on metrics that we feel are really valuable to our customers. So I think we've got strong alignment on the metrics, and I think the process we're in now, David, is to make sure that we've got strong consensus on the initial targets and also on making sure that there's symmetry in the targets. So those are the two remaining things that we're working with the staff and the commission staff on. So we feel like it's progressing well. The fact that it's lining up quite nicely with things that we think are very important to move for our customers.
David Arcaro: Got it. Thanks. That's helpful. And then maybe on the data center side, wondering if you could just provide any color or context in terms of how much demand that you're seeing, in terms of the data center pipeline, any quantification that you might be able to offer. And do you think there are characteristics of your service territory of Michigan that could attract those customers even without the legislation?
Gerardo Norcia: Yes, I would say that two things, several things that make Michigan attractive. One is, natural disasters are not a part of the Michigan's repertoire. So I think that makes it attractive. The access to water, fresh water, cool water, and also our climate being cooler are all attractive. And of course, our energy rates and the fact that we've got capacity available that we could offer immediately I think makes us attractive. So those are the attractive features. I think what will make us even more attractive is the sales and use tax exemption. But there are some aggregators that already have a sales of use tax exemption that got passed in 2015. So I think we're seeing some action. We will see some action from them regardless of the sales and use tax. That's really targeting the hyperscalers, if you will. So more to come on this, you're asked about how much demand are we seeing? Obviously, there are a lot of big numbers floating around in the industry. We're seeing demand numbers in the thousands of megawatts. So that seems encouraging. We want to work to landing the very first one. Hopefully that will, I believe that the sales and use tax exemption is kind of holding some of that momentum back, but once that gets passed, I think that'll break loose a bit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Sullivan: Hey, everyone. Good morning. Hey, guys just picking up on some of these earlier questions. So it sounds like the trading business is tracking better than expected, but maybe just being conservative for now. But is there any offset year-to-date at the other segments? Like is that weather at the utilities or has that been offset and it's really net net, the entire range is biased higher because of trading or is there an offset somewhere?
Gerardo Norcia: I'd say we're in a good place across our businesses right now. We did see some challenging weather and gas. We had really cool winter so far and very warm winter so far at gas. So we saw some challenge there, but we're working through that. But overall, we feel good about, about all of our businesses right now, and we feel good about the opportunity that's going to give us to invest for our, for our customers here in 2024 as we can pull forward some expenses and do some of the, some additional maintenance on our, on our projects or in our lines for our customers.
David Ruud: Yes. Michael, just to add to that, I would say that we're feeling like we're going to have a really strong year, and we deferred a lot of non critical maintenance last year that we'd like to pull back into the plan for the benefit of our customers and also for the benefit of creating success in 2025. So I would say in this moment, we're back to our traditional planning process where we feel really good about 2024 and we're looking at what opportunities do we have to eliminate some of the sort of non critical maintenance backlog that eventually becomes critical if you don't get it done. So we're looking to pull that forward, which will not only benefit this year and benefit our customers, but it'll also benefit our planning for 2025, which we are deep into at this point in time.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, that makes a lot of sense. Appreciate the color. I think also in the quarter, this was adjusted out of earnings, but the gain on sale on equity investment advantage. Can you give any more color on what that was?
David Ruud: Yes, there was a sale of one of our landfill gas projects, and we got a gain on that, on that sale as we were exiting one of those projects.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes, we saw value in exiting. It was a partnership that we were exiting and we saw good value there, so we took advantage of it.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, great. And then just last one for me is just how you're thinking about the election and what that means for your future planning, mainly with respect to resource planning and maybe some of the tax credits that you're realizing if anything could change on the margin there in a Trump Presidency Republican sweep scenario?
Gerardo Norcia: Sure. So great question. You all are aware that last year we had some mandates as it relates to a clean energy standards and also an RP's standard that was passed by the state. Any type of federal change in politics, I don't think will affect that. We will be mandated and required to achieve the RP's standard, as well as the clean energy standard, which drives a significant amount of investment for us. The other fact also is that we'll require an act of Congress to change the IRA, and it would have to be a very significant majority in order to overcome the fact that a lot of these investments are going into, in our service territory, republican dominated territories. There'll be significant interest, we see significant interest from those legislators to get the economic development, get the property taxes and the jobs that come with billions of dollars of investment. So we're seeing, at a local level, really strong support for our solar developments. We are getting. Permitting is moving quite nicely for us, a lot of community support. So even though the politics could change, it would have to, the political landscape would have to change drastically in order to make a difference. So, just to summarize, the RP's standard and the state mandates will drive the investment, and if the IRA was to change, it would make it perhaps less affordable, but we'd be looking for offsets, but we view that as a low probability event.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank, please go ahead.
Andrew Weisel: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. Two operational questions for you. First, on the tree trimming side, you're targeting a five year cycle by the end of 2025. Where do you currently stand? Where have you been historically, and is there any challenge to getting to that target, or should it be pretty straightforward to get there?
Joi Harris: It should be pretty straightforward to get there. We may have some trailing areas that we may have to revisit. We are right now we've got about 80% on that five year cycle, so we're cleaning up some of the areas. We revised our tree trim standard. We found that we had to go back to certain areas because the tree growth happened a lot quicker than we anticipated. So I think, Andrew, we can anticipate that the five year cycle will get us back on track and then we'll go back and revisit again and make sure that those areas that we did trim, that the tree growth stays as we anticipate. We may even expand it even further because we're seeing certain areas, the growth is much higher and more quickly returning than what we had initially anticipated.
Gerardo Norcia: Andrew, you'll recall that we got a tree trim surge approved by the commission where we took our investment in tree trim from $65 million a year to $200 million a year about a handful of years ago, actually six years ago -- six years ago. And that excess tree trim surge is being securitized, which is helping us move the impact for our customers while it provides that benefit to our customers over a longer period of time. So we do have the financial resources to complete the search. And as Joi said, we're actually fine tuning it and probably will keep it going for a while as we go back and take down even more vegetation. But it's having really positive impact on reliability where we've done it.
Andrew Weisel: Great to hear. Then, more broadly, Joi, on slide eight, you outlined a lot of those reliability efforts in the four categories. Are all of those efforts and the related spending fully embedded in the five year CapEx plan? Or would achieving some of those require incremental spending above and beyond the $25 billion 5-year plan? And how much of that relies on the rate case outcome, both the current one and obviously future cases between now and then?
Joi Harris: Andrew, it's all embedded in the plan and it is contingent on the rate case outcome. And we'll hear tomorrow, staff position. We also have the audit and we hope that, just based on the feedback that we've gotten from the audit that the auditors were supportive of, at least the way we've laid out the plan. Now, there may be some movement, the programs, based on their feedback, but generally speaking, the feedback we've gotten from the auditors supports our agenda.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good morning, team. Thank you guys very much. Appreciate it. Hey, nice to chat with you guys again. Hey, just to come back on this next. Just to come back to this nexus of affordability and growing tension between accelerating load growth and obviously the need to prioritize reliability and affordability, how do you think about, as you look at the expanding pie of opportunities, this balance between PPA and self build, especially in light of the latitude afforded under the energy law, and even in light of what you know today, how do you think about that balance, just as you try to ensure ongoing affordability and a palatable CapEx budget?
Gerardo Norcia: So I'll start now and Dave can add. So when we self build, we find that we're more competitive, which means we end up being more affordable for our customers. PPA's with the financial compensation mechanism makes our product more expensive to our customers, so it chews up affordability room. So that's thought number one. Thought number two, from an investor. So that's, from a customer perspective, self build is much more compelling than PPA's with an adder. Now, secondly, for investors, owning assets provides more value. And I think the EPS value is 2x to 3x for owning versus PPA. And that's fundamentally driven by the fact that these intermittent resources, the FCM, only applies to the output of the product. So that's what fundamentally reduces the value of an SEM for investors. So that. I'm not sure if that answers your question, Julian, but those are the two thoughts I can offer. Dave, did you want to add?
David Ruud: We do have PPA’s built into our plan. We do have some PPA’s built into our plan, but when it comes to our balance sheet, can handle the amount of capital that we're investing, and as Jerry says, better for our customers and better for our shareholders to do that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Yep, sounds like self build remains the priority here for sure and then related here, just a small nuance. Can you talk a little bit more about the custom energy solutions and steel related businesses? Just any dynamics there on an ongoing basis as it pertains to vantage. I know you've talked a little bit about it, but just to go back on that comment?
Gerardo Norcia: Well, we see good opportunities across the custom energy solutions business in particular as we're doing the central plant services for so more projects within the country. So we have a good pipeline of projects there that we feel we can continue to grow and continue to drive. We have the project we talked about last quarter with Ford that is coming online in two stages this year. Some has come online and more will come online. The second half will come online at the end of the year. So we feel really good about that business and then our steel related business is just a solid performer for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, good morning, team. Hey, I have two questions, one of them for Dave. He had previously told me he gets upset without a lot of questions. Just Dave, I'm just curious when you think about levels of spending have been maybe at all time highs, not just DTE across the industry, more severe spending, more severe storms. The other thing about the company has a very healthy credit cushion right now, probably 200, 300 basis points on your FFO to debt metrics. Do you ever wonder if that's enough given where we are right now in this cycle of spend?
Gerardo Norcia: That's a good question, Andrew. Yes, we do target the 15% to 16% FFO to debt. We think it gives us some, it does give us some good headroom to the downgrade thresholds. And we met with all the rainy agencies over the last quarter and I think they're pretty confident in the level that we're at too. So we feel good about where we are with our balance sheet, our balance sheet metrics on that.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then just one follow up, I think it's kind of to an earlier question, you mentioned a lot of the economic growth on slide six, a lot of opportunity. And then when I look at slide 14, as you highlighted earlier, where you look at the demand growth or the customer growth or load growth for the year, it's trending about 1%. When you get all those economic activities in service, what are you seeing as long term sales growth?
Gerardo Norcia: We do see it about in that range for our base economic sales growth, what data centers and how that comes in could play in a little differently. And then when we look out a little bit further, EV load is another thing that could drive some of our residential load up a little more in the long term as well. But it's pretty consistent with what we're seeing right now is what our longer term forecast is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Travis Miller: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. You answered most of my questions, but just go a couple little things here. With respect for the, with respect to the rate case, are there any new intervenors that either you're seeing file or you expect to file here versus the last rate case or rate cases?
Joi Harris: Yes, there are new intervenors in the gas case for sure, and new intervenors in the electric case. But as I said before, even with the level of intervention we're seeing now, the NPSC would have to move to likely a contested settlement, and that would increase our chances of settlement. Aside from that, we still feel confident that we can get a constructive outcome regardless. But, Yes, a lot of activity in the rate case, more than we've seen in recent history.
Travis Miller: Sure. Any way to bucket what those new interveners want or their agenda or what they're contesting or not contesting?
Joi Harris: We'll know with certainty tomorrow for sure. But what we've seen in the gas case is some environmental groups, more environmental interests in natural gas.
Gerardo Norcia: That's generally what we're seeing. what happened in legislation last year, there was an increase in intervener funding, and that has spurred more intervenors because there's more money. So I think that's part of the challenge that we have and why there's been so much more activity is that the funding allowed by legislation has created much more activity.
Travis Miller: Interesting how that works. One other question here, all the discussion about reliability, which obviously make it into the rate cases also, is that more of a positive in terms of giving you support to get more investment, get more, more spending approved, or are you seeing more as a negative right now in terms of pushback on potential rate increases, if you could characterize those?
Joi Harris: I would say I think we're all aligned in that we want to approve the reliability of the grid. The question becomes, what's the best way to do that? And we believe that that was the purpose of the audit, is to examine and get everyone aligned on how we go forward in improving the reliability near term and then into the future. So I think the audit results will go a long way in building, I say, alignment and consensus on what the path forward should be.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes. And I would say that the audit was really came as a result of the commission wanting to make sure that we were doing all we could to drive reliability improvements. And so I would expect, I don't believe that this audit will say we should spend less on reliability improvements. I think it will, like Joi has said here a few times today, I think it may shift things between different buckets. But overall, I think there'll be a strong endorsement to continue to invest heavily in reliability, especially driven by the age of our system. I think that has become pretty evident in the audit that it requires significant investment as we are proposing to improve the quality of that system over time.
Travis Miller: Okay, great. And will those audit results be able to make it into this rate case or will it be future rate cases?
Joi Harris: Not. Well, the audit comes out in September. It can't be a part of the record necessarily. So it probably won't make it into, formally into this freight case.
Gerardo Norcia: But it may influence.
Joi Harris: It may influence, right.
Gerardo Norcia: The buckets of investment, perhaps.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call back over to Jerry Norcia for closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Gerardo Norcia: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'll just close by saying we're feeling really positive about 2024 as well as our position for future years. And I hope you have a great morning and stay healthy and safe.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-25 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Eric, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DTE Energy Q1 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Barbara Tuckfield, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Barbara Tuckfield: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind you to read the safe harbor statement on Page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix.
 With us this morning are Jerry Norcia, Chairman and CEO; Joi Harris, President and CEO; and Dave Ruud, Executive Vice President and CFO. And now I'll turn it over to Jerry to start the call this morning. 
Gerardo Norcia: Thanks, Barb, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I hope everyone is having a healthy and safe year so far. This morning, I will discuss the achievements we have made so far this year as we continue to deliver for all of our key stakeholders, and we continue to achieve successes across all of our businesses. Given that Joi is in charge of operations, she will highlight our significant customer-focused investment agenda to build the grid of the future, maintain reliability and transition to cleaner generation while continuing to focus on customer affordability. And Dave will provide a financial update and wrap things up before we take your questions.
 Let me start on Slide 4. We are off to a strong start in 2024 and well positioned to deliver on our targets this year. The success that DTE has achieved continues to be the result of our focus and engaged team for our customers and communities. Our team continues to achieve improved health and well-being and cultivate deeper employee engagement, which results in being able to deliver service excellence for our customers and our communities.
 The engagement of our team at DTE was recognized with another Gallup Great Workplace Award. I am extremely proud of our team for receiving this award 12 years in a row.
 We continue to deliver for our customers. In fact, at DTE Gas, we have been delivering for our customers for nearly 2 centuries. Our gas company celebrates its 175th anniversary this year. We have been providing safe, reliable and affordable natural gas to customers in Michigan since 1849, 2 years before gas lights even appeared on Detroit city streets. We have come a long way over the years, but the focus on customers has never wavered. 
 An important part of serving customers is to provide energy efficiency opportunities. DTE was recently awarded the ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year Award by the EPA. The award is the highest level of recognition from the EPA, recognizing programs that demonstrate organization-wide energy savings and best practices. We have demonstrated our commitment to help customers identify options to reduce their energy bills without sacrificing performance. This is the third consecutive year DTE has received this award. And again, I am extremely proud of this recognition.
 We continue to invest in the communities where we live and serve. DTE invested $2.7 billion with Michigan businesses in 2023, creating and sustaining more than 12,000 jobs across the state. Last year, DTE also invested nearly $1 billion with diverse suppliers and nearly $900 million with companies based in the city of Detroit. We continue to be a leader in driving Michigan's economy at all levels.
 As I said at the start of my remarks, we are having a strong start to the year, and we are well positioned to deliver our 2024 targets. Our long-term EPS growth rate remains at 6% to 8%, with 2023 original guidance as the basis for this growth. In our 2024 annualized dividend of $4.08 per share is consistent with our practice of growing dividends in line with operating EPS.
 Importantly, we will continue to have a strong balance sheet and investment-grade credit ratings to support this focused capital investment plan. We remain committed to deliver premium shareholder returns that our investors have come to expect and that we will deliver. As DTE Gas celebrates the 175-year milestone, DTE Energy is also celebrating a milestone with 2024, marking the 158th year of continuous listing on the New York Stock Exchange. In fact, DTE's tenure is the 16th longest of any company on the exchange. So I guess these milestones are just another way of saying we have been doing this successfully for a very long time, and I am very excited about the opportunities ahead of us for many years to come.
 Let's turn to Slide 5 to highlight some of the achievements across our portfolio. We have made strong progress across the company in the early part of this year. Starting at DTE Electric, we received approval to construct a 220-megawatt battery energy storage system at the site of the former Trenton Channel power plant. This investment will be approximately $0.5 billion. This project is expected to be operational in 2026 and will be the largest stand-alone battery energy storage project in the Great Lakes region and it initiates an important investment area in our transition to cleaner generation.
 Last month, we filed an electric rate case that outlines the investments we need to build a smarter, stronger, more resilient electric grid of the future for our customers and further our transition to cleaner generation. Joi will go over the filing in more detail and how it underpins an important step our long-term investment in grid reliability and cleaner generation transformation while remaining focused on customer affordability. 
 At DTE Gas, we are targeting over 200 miles of main renewal in 2024 as we continue to modernize the gas transmission system. Last year, we hit an important milestone where we completed almost 50% of our main renewal program. In January, we filed a rate case at DTE Gas to support important investments necessary to continue to renew our gas infrastructure, which will minimize leaks and reduce costs.
 At DTE Vantage, we continue to advance custom energy solutions projects, RG projects and carbon capture and sequestration projects. One project to highlight is the Ford Motor Company Custom Energy Solutions project that is scheduled to go into operation later this year and is underpinned by a long-term fixed fee contract with no commodity risk.
 So to wrap up my comments, I'll just say, I'm feeling extremely positive about our start in 2024 and how we are well positioned to continue to deliver now and into the future for our customers, communities and investors. Now I'll turn it over to Joi to give some highlights on our investment agenda and reliability improvements. Joi, over to you. 
Joi Harris: Thanks, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. I'm happy to be here today with all of you. I will provide more detail on our capital investment agenda and our reliability plans to improve our customers' experience. Our investment plan is focused on building the grid of the future, improving reliability and transitioning to cleaner generation. We have a robust agenda of $25 billion over the next 5 years with about 95% of the investments at our utilities. Our 5-year utility investment plan was increased by $2 billion over the previous plan, driven by investments in cleaner generation that is supported by the IRP, the energy legislation that passed last November and our voluntary renewables program. 
 The distribution plan filed last year outlines our path to building this grid of the future and includes the transition to a smart grid with full automation within 5 years, resulting in less frequent and shorter outages for our customers. We are investing $9 billion in distribution infrastructure and targeting significant reliability improvements over the next 5 years.
 As Jerry mentioned, we filed an electric rate case last month that represents an important step in our customer-focused investment agenda. This filing addresses our continued infrastructure investments designed to improve reliability and generation investments to bring cleaner energy faster to the state. We will continue to invest in our infrastructure and are focused on improving reliability for our customers, reducing power outages by 30% and cutting outage time in half in the next 5 years. 
 We have already made significant progress on this front, and we can see the work that we're doing is having tangible results. For example, an important part of our grid modernization plan is the replacement of our 4.8 kV system. We are making great strides on this front as the work is progressing across our service territory and in communities where DTE has completed the conversion work. Customers are experiencing a 90% improvement in reliability. 
 We are also making great progress on our restoration initiatives. We did experience a large storm in January, and our team came together and achieved one of the fastest restorations for such a large store. I'm extremely proud of the team given their effort toward the goal of restoring all customers in 48 hours after a storm.
 So these investments are working and we have a healthy portfolio of opportunities to invest in our system to greatly improve the customer experience. We are committed to modernizing our electric infrastructure to be more reliable and resilient given increasingly severe weather while also delivering cleaner energy to meet our aggressive carbon reduction goals and Michigan's clean energy legislation, consistent with our most recent IRP.
 Let's move to Slide 7. The electric rate case represents an important step in achieving our reliability commitment as we continue to build a more resilient and cleaner grid of the future. We are focused on reducing power outages by 30% and outage times by 50% over the next 5 years. We are planning to accelerate the deployment of technology and the transition to a smart grid, upgrade existing infrastructure with equipment like stronger poles and fiberglass cross arms, which can better withstand extreme weather rebuild significant portions of the grid and continue to trim trees as they account for 50% of the time customers are without power.
 Our goal is to improve liability to surpass the peer average by 2029, and not only does this improve reliability, enhance the customer experience, it has the potential to unlock significant economic value for the state and customers. While we are executing on our efforts to improve reliability, we remain focused on the important transition to cleaner energy while keeping customer impact on bills low. Our current plan involves ceasing coal use at the Belle River power plant in 2026 and converting it to a 1,300 megawatt natural gas peaking resource.
 At our remaining Monroe coal plant, we are ceasing coal use at 2 units in 2028 and the remaining 2 units in 2032. We are studying a range of possible replacement technologies for the 2 units of this plant. As Jerry mentioned, we received approval from the MPSC to repurpose the former Trenton Channel power plant into a battery energy storage system project, which will come online in 2026.
 Battery storage will be an important investment area to support our clean energy transition consistent with the recent energy legislation and our integrated resource plan. We have a great plan ahead of us here at DTE as we transition to cleaner energy resources and remain on track to cease the use of coal in 2032. At DTE, we are focused on continuous improvement and finding ways to improve efficiency in our processes to maintain customer affordability. Based on our recent rate case filing, the forecasted average annual growth of our residential electric bill will likely be less than half the national average.
 I'm very excited about the opportunities we have in front of us, and I'm confident that we will execute on our plan to improve reliability while we continue our clean energy transition and maintain customer affordability. Now I'll turn it over to Dave to give you a financial update. 
David Ruud: Thanks, Joi, and good morning, everyone. Let me start on Slide 8 to review our first quarter financial results.
 Operating earnings for the quarter were $346 million. This translates into $1.67 per share. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. 
 I'll start the review at the top of the page with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $194 million for the quarter. This is $93 million higher than the first quarter of 2023. The main drivers of the earnings variance were lower storm costs and rate implementation, partially offset by higher rate base costs and the onetime O&M cost reductions we implemented in 2023. 
 Moving on to DTE Gas. Operating earnings were $160 million, $11 million lower than the first quarter of 2023. The earnings variance was driven by warmer winter weather, higher rate base costs and the onetime O&M cost reductions we implemented in 2023, partially offset by higher IRM revenue in 2024. If you remember, we had a very warm winter last year, and this year was even a little warmer than last year and was the fourth warmest on record.
 Let's move to DTE Vantage on the third row. Operating earnings were $8 million for the first quarter of 2024. This is a $19 million decrease from 2023 due to an outage at one of our renewable plants in 2024 as well as the timing of RNG project earnings and steel-related sales. We continue to be confident in our full year guidance for Vantage as the shape of earnings will be notably higher in the back half of the year, driven by the timing of earnings for some key projects in our custom energy solutions and renewable portfolios.
 On the next row, you can see Energy Trading finished the quarter with earnings of $5 million. The favorability to 2023 is primarily driven by performance of the physical gas portfolio which was higher in 2024 as well as continued stronger margins in our physical power portfolio. With these stronger contracted margins, we could experience some upside, though maybe not to the same magnitude as last year.
 Finally, Corporate and Other was unfavorable by $22 million quarter-over-quarter due to the timing of taxes. Overall, DTE earned $1.67 per share in the first quarter of 2024. While we have faced some unfavorable weather through the first quarter, we remain confident in achieving our annual operating EPS guidance range as we continue to plan conservatively, and we are not facing the additional $200 million of incremental headwinds that we were facing from a less than optimal regulatory outcome in the large ice storm in the first quarter of 2023. Our planning for warm weather coming into the year and our efforts to rebuild headroom after experiencing a warm weather this quarter, leave us in a strong position to achieve our EPS goals for this year. 
 Let's move to Slide 9 to highlight our strong balance sheet and credit profile. Going forward, we will continue to invest heavily into our utilities. This customer-focused investment is supported by our robust cash from operations, which is shown on our cash and capital guidance slide in the appendix. Due to these strong cash flows, DTE has minimal equity issuances in our plan, targeting annual issuances of $0 to $100 million through 2026.
 Our long-term financial plan incorporates debt refinancing and new issuances to fund our capital investment plan and is consistent with our 6% to 8% operating EPS growth target. As we came into the year, we had parent company debt financing at our plan. To date, we have hedged or issued about 80% of the debt financing and we did it at all-in rates below what we had in our plan, making us confident that our full year 2024 debt financing plan will be completed within our conservative planning assumptions. 
 We continue to manage future issuances through an active hedging program and other opportunities that mitigate interest rate variability consistent with our 5-year plan. We continue to focus on maintaining our strong investment-grade credit rating and solid balance sheet metrics, and we target an FFO-to-debt ratio of 15% to 16%.
 Let me wrap up on Slide 10 and then we will open the line for questions. Our team continues our commitment to deliver for all of our stakeholders. Our robust capital plan supports our customers as we execute on the critical investments that we need to make to improve reliability and transition to cleaner generation while focusing on customer affordability.
 The 2024 operating EPS guidance midpoint provides 7% growth over the 2023 original guidance midpoint, and we continue to target long-term operating EPS growth of 6% to 8%. DTE continues to be well positioned to deliver the premium total shareholder returns that our investors have come to expect with a strong balance sheet that supports our future capital investment plan. With that, I thank you for joining us today and we can open the line for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. 
Shahriar Pourreza: I guess, first off is, I guess, how are you sort of thinking about the cadence of maybe CapEx updates in light of the kind of the new legislation? Could we see some adjustments to generation plant CapEx kind of in the near term to align closer to the new construct? Or is this kind of further out? And is 3Q or maybe EEI kind of the right cadence for any updates as we're thinking about this new construct? 
Gerardo Norcia: So I'll start and maybe Dave can add to it, Shar, but we did update our capital plan that reflected our IRP settlement from last summer and also the legislation that passed in the fall. So when we updated our 5-year plan, much of that capital was included, and that created a $2 billion increase that we rolled out. Now I will say that as we get to the last part of that plan, and we roll things up for the next 5-year period, we do anticipate that the IRP and legislation will create an incremental investment opportunity. Dave, do you want to add to that? 
David Ruud: Actually, I think that's exactly right. We'll -- our 5-year plan was consistent with the IRP. The legislation, the IRP, we're really close to each other in this 5-year period, but there will give us some additional opportunities as we look beyond that. 
Shahriar Pourreza: Yes. And that was actually more referencing the -- as you kind of roll forward, right? Okay. And then just on -- I guess on just funding that incremental CapEx as we're thinking about rolling forward. You have that up to $100 million figure through '26.
 I guess, how do we -- Dave, how do we think about the incremental equity on every dollar that you could increase, should we be assuming kind of a 50:50 cap structure -- or is there still some avenues to monetize assets like maybe DTE Vantage projects, RNG or is that kind of off the table at this point? 
David Ruud: Well, I'll say that our strong cash flow generation and our strong balance sheet allow us to do this capital investment with that minimal equity. And we've said that 0 to 100 kind of fits throughout our 5-year plan that you're at 100 on equity. And a lot of that was because of the IRA and we have a lot of cash coming in from the IRA and the tax credits from the IRA. So we're confident in the capital we have in the plan that we're going to be able to stay within in the equity that we've talked about as well as keep our FFO to debt at that 15% to 16%. 
Gerardo Norcia: I'm sorry, Shar, go ahead. 
Shahriar Pourreza: No, you go, Jerry. Sorry about that. 
Gerardo Norcia: I was going to say in terms of Vantage, certainly, we like that business, but if the opportunity presented itself where we could deploy some recycling of capital and create incremental shareholder value, then we're always looking for those opportunities share. So if equity needs were to change and may make it more impactful, if you will -- but we don't see that right now. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Campanella with Barclays. 
Nicholas Campanella: So I guess you're kind of back to your normal course business plan now that we moved past '23. I know you have some execution items out there on the rate case side, but just how do you kind of feel about being able to kind of derisk '25 and beyond here with O&M and otherwise? 
Gerardo Norcia: Maybe I'll start again, and my team can add to it. But we've started in a much stronger position this year with the absence of $200 million of headwinds -- incremental headwinds that we experienced last year. And we are deep into planning for 2025. And what we're looking to do is really try to create opportunities to improve the levels of headroom for 2025.
 I mean this is our typical planning process. When we start to feel really good about the current year, we go deep into the prompt year. And I can tell you, we're deep into it. We're starting to feel real good about '25 and putting that together. As far as key milestones, both the gas rate case and electric rate case that come late this year and early next year, these rate cases are pretty straightforward in the sense that they're all about capital, capital deployment and really continuing to rebuild and enhance both the gas infrastructure in our electric infrastructure to be more reliable and cleaner.
 So much of what we're requesting from our customers is to support those investments and we've seen support for that in the past. So we feel pretty confident about our 2025 year plan coming together nicely. 
Nicholas Campanella: Appreciate that. And then I guess, I know Vantage, you kind of have this $15 million a year growth cadence in the plan, but it does seem that there are some tailwinds to that business from tax credits and then just stronger cash returns in general. Can you just any way to isolate how large that strength is relative to that assumption that you had in there? And I guess how would you kind of describe where it puts you overall in the business at the midpoint of that 6% to 8% range. Can you get above that range in these certain years? And how should we kind of think about that? 
David Ruud: Yes, Nick, we -- as you said, there are some good tailwinds in our Vantage business that we're seeing from tax credits related to both RNG and to our Custom Energy Solutions business and also, we have some good growth in that area as well. When we get to the end of the year, we'll talk more about '25 and beyond and how those tax credits will come into our plan.
 But what we do see is that it does give us some more flexibility and some additional confidence in the 6% to 8% as we go through these years. And -- and then as we get beyond some -- still some really good confidence in the long-term 6% to 8%. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. 
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to come back to the comments as you laid out with regards to Vantage and the RNG assets and the potential for portfolio rotation there should the opportunity present itself. And just curious, I guess, the driver to these comments, have others approached you on these assets? Or just trying to get a sense for what you see or how that -- the market is for those type of assets right now? 
Gerardo Norcia: Sure. So Jeremy, I'll just start by saying, look, we like those assets, they've created extraordinary returns for us and great cash flows, and we still see a strong pipeline of growth. And as we -- we're in the market all the time talking about value. And I can tell you that at this point in time, based on our long-term plan for value creation, we don't see the opportunity to create incremental value above what we could expect now the assets are extremely accretive, but we always look to create incremental value over our long-term plan. And we don't see that opportunity just yet. But if it presents itself, we will exercise that opportunity, I assure you. And again, we're in conversations all the time with the market. There's obviously lots of dialogue that happens in this type of marketplace. 
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful there. And then I just want to come back and kind of on the back of some of your earlier comments here, talking about the renewable energy plan. Just wondering if you might be able to peel back a little bit more of the details here, what we should be expecting, what you're focused on for the upcoming renewable energy plan? 
Gerardo Norcia: Well, what I would say that is our voluntary plan continues. I'll just replay this that we have one of the largest voluntary renewable development plans in the country based on the size of our company and that continues to exceed our expectations. We currently have about 2,400 megawatts signed and a 2,500 megawatt goal for the next 5 years. So you can see that we're getting very close to having to update that plan.
 So I would say that's one update that we will provide as we roll forward the next 5-year plan. In addition to that, if the IRP becomes more aggressive as we move forward beyond the current 5-year plan, so I think we'll see some tailwinds from that in the plan as well as we roll it together. So those are the opportunities that we see longer term and near term in renewable energy development plan. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. 
David Arcaro: One more Vantage question here. I was curious, are data centers or customer class that you go after? I'm thinking with custom energy solutions. Just wondering if there's any emerging growth opportunities there. 
Gerardo Norcia: So the short answer is yes, but maybe I'll describe this in sort of more global perspective for DTE. I would say both our utility, electric utility and Vantage are well positioned to pursue these opportunities with data centers here just right here in our backyard and also with Vantage beyond our backyard.
 But in Michigan, let me focus on Michigan for a minute. We have great access to water, favorable climate conditions and power plant sites with large land positions and grid access that I think will be very attractive and is very attractive to the [ centers ] that we are having conversations with -- we're seeing significant interest, and we're engaged in discussions. And I will say this much changes on the legislation that exempts the sales and use tax.
 And as you know, you may recall that the house here in Michigan proved the bills in a bipartisan way, they're awaiting approval by the Senate. And the governor has indicated a great willingness to sign those bills if they come to her desk. So I believe that we're well positioned in Michigan with both the electric utility and Vantage that could provide on-site energy services. So we're -- we're having those conversations, they're early, but the opportunity is sizable. 
David Arcaro: Great. That's helpful color. Then I was wondering if -- let's see, pivoting to the rate case -- the electric rate case. I was wondering if you could maybe help contextualize some of the Attorney General's comments that were out there on the size of the request. And maybe any early indications or early thoughts on whether you think a settlement could be something that you go after and could be acceptable in this rate case? 
Joi Harris: Yes. I think the Attorney General, pretty much is on par, things that we expected. We are really -- this rate case, as you know, is really all about our capital. And the capital we're deploying is targeting the distribution infrastructure, and we're looking to improve reliability and certainly continue our journey to transition to cleaner energy sources faster to the state.
 And with respect to the distribution infrastructure, we're looking to reduce power outages by 30% and cut our outage time in half over the next 5 years. So the case is going as we had planned, we just filed it. We do know the prehearing is scheduled for tomorrow, and we'll start to know this and understand the schedule and then start to get feedback from the interveners and from the staff.
 So I guess what's in the case, in general, aside from the investment that we have in our infrastructure, there's also a storm tracker. The storm tracker is about $65 million. It's based on the 5-year average. And it's a 2-way tracker with a 50-50 sharing of anything above and below rates.
 So that's really what's in the case, investments that we have in our infrastructure to drive reliability improvement and certainly cleaner generation. You know that the revenue requirement is about $456 million, and we're targeting an ROE of 10.5% with a 50-50 cap structure. 
Gerardo Norcia: In terms of prospects for settlement, David, we've got a lot of interveners in this case, and we will do all we can to settle. But again, as Joi said, since this case is really primarily about capital deployment and well understood and well known agendas for capital deployment. We're confident that even if it goes to its full course in terms of litigation that we will get supportive outcome.
 I think the commission has a strong track record in that way and also the administration supports these investments and knows that they're extremely important for the state to pursue economic development and also provide more value to our customers and our citizens here in the state of Michigan. So we're feeling pretty good about how it's progressing. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. 
Durgesh Chopra: Jerry, Joi, just on the discussion on the electric rate case settlement. You guys have discussed or in the past have talked about potentially a partial settlement with some parties and not unanimously. Is that something that you could pursue with this electric rate case? 
Gerardo Norcia: We could, Durgesh. And certainly, we will. Again, I don't want to hinge too many hopes on a settlement. We will do all we can to settle. I think -- but as we saw in our last rate case, we weren't able to bring all the parties together for various reasons and sometimes that happens. But our opening position and our desire is to settle, but we're also confident that we will get supportive outcomes in the event that there is not a settlement. 
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. And then maybe just 1 question on 2024. Obviously, you expressed a lot of confidence here in [indiscernible] numbers. Maybe can you just frame for us what level of contingency, if any, you might have used? I know you go into the year with a healthy level of contingency but you had milder weather in 1Q. So maybe just frame for us how much of that contingency bucket is still left? 
David Ruud: Durgesh, this is Dave. As we came into the year, we did have some contingency for weather. And then we did see weather in the first quarter, as you can see. But as we see that weather, we work right away to rebuild what we can to make sure we're in a good position for the summer.
 And then -- so we've done that -- and then we also have our lean and invest where we saw last year, we can go deeper if we need to and doing things that we will need to do to make it. So we're in a fine position going into the summer, and that's when the real weather will happen for us. 
Durgesh Chopra: Excellent. I appreciate it. High confidence in 2024 as well... 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. 
Andrew Weisel: If I could first ask that O&M question a little bit differently. You were pretty aggressive last year as soon as the year started, given the rate case and the mild winter weather, and obviously, some of that is partly reversed in the first quarter. I guess the way I would word it is, would you say you're back to normal O&M levels? Or are you still sort of catching up from last year? Or again, the last question I asked, are you in lean mode already given the mild winter 2024? 
David Ruud: Andrew, I'll start by saying this year feels a lot different than last year. We had weather last year, too, but we also had the storm in the first quarter in the rate case. So we were in a very different position this year. And we did a lot across the company to achieve what we needed to do last year. Some of those reductions continue naturally into this year, but for the most part, those were all onetime savings from last year.
 So we're back into what I would say is our normal efforts on productivity and efficiency improvement, putting into place our lean and invest as needed as we continue to manage affordability and ensure we're going to deliver for our customers. So I'd say it's more into the normal DTE mode of productivity and efficiency improvements. 
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. Good to hear. And then one very small one. The negative earnings at Corporate and Other, and you have a note that there's -- it's related to the timing of taxes. Was that in line with your expectations when you gave the full year guidance? And should that fully offset as the year goes on? Or is that trending a little differently than you had budgeted? 
David Ruud: That is all consistent with what we budgeted it, and it will all reverse by the end of the year too. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. 
Michael Sullivan: I wanted to maybe dig a little deeper on the rate case and some of the kind of nontraditional aspects of it. I guess on the storm cost tracker, what do you think chances are that, that goes through? Or does this need to iterate through a couple more cases?
 If you had that in place last year, would that have been enough to put you in a position to have hit the original guide? And then on the IRM, how much is that ramping up from the last case? And do you think that can help space out cases in the future? Sorry, that was a bunch there, but any color would help. 
Joi Harris: Yes. So you're first question around the storm tracker, the $65 million. If that were in place last year, yes, that would have been helpful. Certainly, given the cost that we experienced in the first quarter and then throughout the balance of the year. Do I think that we'll get some support for it? I think there's a lot of conversation that happened early on. There is a good chance that we'll get the support. I think we're aligned with consumers and pursuing this type of tracker.
 And more will come in by way of testimony, we'll know here shortly once the schedule is set and we start to see the intervenor and staff testimony how much support we actually get. In terms of the IRM, what's in the IRM? For 2026, the IRM includes $530 million worth of capital. And then for 2027, it's $720 million worth of capital. Previously, we had filed for $62 million in 2024 and $290 million in 2025 and we're well positioned to execute on our '24 plan, and we certainly have plans for '26 and '27.
 Do I think that it will keep us out of future rate cases? I think it will have to continue to grow in order for us to achieve, I think, a delay in the rate case cadence that we have right now. And that will take us several years to arrive at, I think, that ramp. 
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Great. You hit all of them. And then just one quick one. The renewable plant outage at Vantage in Q1, was that planned or unplanned? And is it -- if it was unplanned, is it resolved? 
David Ruud: It was unplanned. It actually started last year and it is resolved. So it's coming -- it's back online for the rest of the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sophie Karp with KeyBanc. 
Sophie Karp: I was just wondering if you could maybe talk a little bit big picture rate with a pretty impressive investment plan that you have over the next few years, right? And I'm sure there's going to be more rate cases come into an account for that. Longer term, what do you see as an offsetting factor, I guess, to customer bill increases here? Is that maybe industrial load that's growing and including data centers? Or some of the current automation you put in would cut on OpEx? Like if you could give us some sense on kind of like big picture, how would you, I guess, offset customer build pressures with that? 
Gerardo Norcia: Well, I would say, Sophie, thanks for the question. I mean we are undertaking a historic transformation here at DTE. As we think about the way we deliver energy, our wires business, the way we're transforming the way we produce power over the next 5 years.
 And as you can see in our capital plan, we have $25 billion in our 5-year capital plan with more than 90% of it directed at our 2 utilities, and we also continue to transform the way we deliver natural gas, and that's well underway.
 Now in terms of affordability perspective, you can see we're extremely well positioned with our bills to our residential customers being well below the national average. Our goal is to maintain that position. And the way we maintain that position is, as you described, a lot of these investments are pointed at assets that will reduce cost, for example, as we continue to improve reliability in the electric wires business. We'll start to see our trouble costs and storm costs that fundamentally will start to decline. And that will help finance this as well. And that's just one example.
 Even the transition from coal to natural gas and renewables, that's creating significant cost reductions, operating cost reduction. So a lot of our CapEx will yield lower operating costs, which will obviously be transferred to the benefit of our customers. In terms of revenue growth, we see several of opportunities as we look forward, a lot of discussion in the industry about data centers. Certainly, that will help as we start to land those and we need enabling legislation to get that done.
 We also see EVs even though they've slowed down a bit, we're still connecting 1,000 EVs a month or more which is encouraging. And we see that growing, and we see the big 3 here working heavily to bring new models to bear. And as a matter of fact, just quickly here, I was on a video call with the President of General Motors. And he was testing a new EV on their track here at Milford. So lots of development activity still on new EVs and bringing those to market. So I think we'll see that help finance some of these investments.
 So I would say 2 things, just to summarize, very significant capital agenda, $25 billion over the next 5 years, $50 billion over the next 10 years. So if you're an investor of DTE, you should be really excited about long-term investment opportunities and the fact that a lot of this investment will help moderate bills over time. 
Sophie Karp: That's very helpful. I also wanted to ask you a quick question on Vantage, right? So I guess to the extent you keep in this business, how should we think about the size of it relative to the utility businesses that you have? Is there a certain kind of like contribution to earnings that you want to keep it under like not let them go beyond? Like what is your thinking there? 
Gerardo Norcia: Yes, our investment thesis there is that we want to pursue high-quality investments with low risk and high returns. And we've been doing that, and that's working out quite well. But we want to keep it at less than 10% -- at 10% or less of earnings contribution as we look forward. And our utilities are growing so quickly that it does give us the opportunity to continue to grow Vantage as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski with Seaport. 
Agnieszka Storozynski: So just wondering, in the past, I remember there was always this discussion about your approach to coal plant retirements and reliance on the grid versus self-generation. It was always of an impression that you guys were long power. I hope that's still the case.
 So just 2 things. As the long growth accelerates and as we are more cognizant of the importance of dispatchable resources, is there a chance that you're going to make any changes to generate? And number two, as I said, I'm assuming your long power and that could sort of attract data centers, would that simply improve affordability of electric bills for existing customers? Or would it be actually incremental to earnings? Again, I feel like we're seeing this pickup in the [ long ] growth that [ other ] utilities without any necessarily comment an increase in earnings. And so I'm just wondering how you envision it given your generation footprint. 
Gerardo Norcia: Great question, Angie, I'll take them one at a time. So in terms of reserve margins, DTE, when we filed our last IRP, we filed that with adequate reserve margins as we move through our coal plant retirements. And as you know, we've built a state-of-the-air combined cycle facility that's up in operation as part of our coal plant retirement plan.
 We are converting the Belle River power plant from coal to natural gas, which will be a dispatchable -- continue to be a dispatchable plant. That will happen in the '25 and '26 time frame. In addition to that, we've embarked on battery storage, which will provide us short-term dispatchability. So all of that fits into the portfolio between now and 2028. That works extremely well. As we near the end of that -- near the next phase of the IRP plan when we want to exit coal completed by 2032, we will need to build more dispatchable generation. And what we're pursuing there is current technology where we can use natural gas with carbon capture and storage, and we highlighted that in our IRP.
 So we do see more dispatchable generation in our future as we continue our exit from coal. That plant will also be available to burn hydrogen should hydrogen present itself as a viable resource and fuel resource.
 In terms of growth, very good question. What we see there is if some of this growth accelerates, we will need to build -- and the growth that we're looking at, like data centers, for example, are 24/7 operations. That will need generation that cannot be -- and power that cannot be interrupted. And so we will need 24/7 dispatchable -- more 24/7 dispatchable generation and renewable resources.
 So again, it will be a mix. It does have the potential for accelerating our next IRP should such demand present itself. In terms of impact to customers, we expect that those investments will pay for themselves and actually provide a benefit to customer bills to some degree. So that's our going-in position and we see that as very possible. It will also add value for our investors because those investments will be in rate base, and they'll attract the typical returns. So I think it's a win-win all around. 
Agnieszka Storozynski: And based on your discussions, when would this incremental load potentially materialize? Are we talking like 2028 and beyond? I'm just wondering how soon we could see the earnings impact? 
Gerardo Norcia: Angie, it's too early to tell. These conversations, as I mentioned earlier are very early. They are sizable conversations in terms of the load that we're talking about. And again, we're really well positioned. But in terms of timing, we haven't gotten that far just yet. But I think that will come. I think the key catalyst here in Michigan will be this legislation that needs to pass on the sales and use tax.
 That's a big deal for the data centers that are considering Michigan and considering investing at some of the sites that we put in front of them. That should happen. We expect that to happen hopefully this summer. But with an election year, it is a volatile year, as you know. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar. 
Travis Miller: You answered most of my questions and discuss most of the topics I was hoping to hit. So just real quick, I saw residential commercial demand looked like it was up. I know this is a small -- relatively small quarter for that. But anything there either relative to plan or notable where you're seeing residential commercial demand pick up a little bit? 
David Ruud: Yes, we did see residential up quarter-over-quarter. I would say that for the year, we're expecting it to come in on plan and probably pretty well consistent with last year. We have a lot of energy efficiency we do and that and the growth kind of work together and will be fairly flat to last year. 
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Jerry Norcia for closing remarks. Please go ahead. 
Gerardo Norcia: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. And I'll close by saying that we're feeling really confident about 2024 and of course, our long-term plan beyond that in terms of providing value for our customers and for our investors. Have a great morning. Stay healthy, and stay safe. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining, and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-08 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Eric and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DTE Energy Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Barbara Tuckfield, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Barbara Tuckfield: Thank you and good morning everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind you to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix. With us this morning are Jerry Norcia, Chairman and CEO; and Dave Ruud, Executive Vice President and CFO. And now, I'll turn it over to Jerry to start the call this morning.
Gerardo Norcia: Thanks, Barb and good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. I hope everyone is having a healthy and safe year so far. This morning, I'll give you a recap on the accomplishments we achieved in 2023 and provide highlights on how we are well-positioned for 2024 and beyond. Dave will provide a financial update and wrap things up before we take your questions. As you know, 2023 was a challenging year for DTE as we face significant headwinds from an unprecedented combination of weather and storm activity. I am very proud that our company came together to face these headwinds and execute on our plan that offset the majority of the challenges. We achieved operating earnings per share of $5.73 in 2023. This was a result of overcoming $300 million of the approximately $400 million of headwinds that we faced. In the appendix, we included a summary of the headwinds and the one-time actions we took in 2023. As I said during the year, the fact that we were able to offset most of the challenges we faced while maintaining service excellence is a clear indication of our highly engaged team and our commitment to operating excellence. I couldn't be prouder of our team's effort in 2023 and our commitment to deliver for all of our stakeholders will continue into 2024 and beyond. This engagement of our team at DTE was recognized with our 11th consecutive Gallup Great Workplace Award. DTE was also recognized as one of Metro Detroit's Best and Brightest companies to work for as well as one of Time Magazine's Best Companies for Future Leaders. We continue to address our customers' most vital needs by investing heavily in our utilities to rebuild our aging infrastructure, improve reliability, and support the transition to cleaner generation. There have been a number of developments that support our customer-focused investment agenda, including the filing of our distribution grid plan that provides a road map to improve reliability and automation of our system and our integrated resource plan that outlines our investment in Michigan's cleaner energy future while remaining very focused on customer affordability. In 2023, we made strides on our reliability improvement goals. I'll go over this in more detail on the next slide, but I can tell you that our efforts in this area are working. In circuits where upgrades were completed in the first half of 2023, customers experienced 33% fewer outages during the second half of the year compared to the second half of 2022. Also supporting our investment agenda is the constructive electric rate case order we received in December. During the first half of this year, we expect to file our next electric rate case, which will underpin the continued investments in system reliability, grid modernization and cleaner generation. We also recently filed a rate case at DTE Gas to support important investments necessary to continue to renew our gas infrastructure, which will minimize leaks and reduce costs. So, you can see that we continue to invest heavily in our utilities in 2023. DTE Electric invested $3.1 billion on continued improvements in reliability, and cleaner energy generation for our customers, while DTE Gas invested nearly $750 million on infrastructure and main renewal improvements. Reinvesting in utility infrastructure, the drive reliability improvements, far exceeds cash generated from operations, demonstrating our commitment to improving reliability for our customers. Another significant event in 2023 was the passing of new clean energy legislation in Michigan that the Governor signed in November. The synergy policy creates a very clear road map for the development of additional solar, wind and storage assets that is generally consistent with the accelerated renewables build and cleaner generation path that we laid out in our IRP filing. This investment is supported by the Inflation Reduction Act that includes provisions, which reduced the cost of investments in our system, and we pass all of these benefits along to our customers. Our effort to maintain affordability for our customers has been demonstrated over the last four years. Based on the outcome of our last rate order, the average annual growth of our residential electric bill is just over 1% since 2020 compared to a national average annual increase of over 6%. This is supported by a $300 million reduction in our fuel and purchased power costs that went into effect last December to lower customer bills. Through this significant reduction, along with our long history of cost savings through continuous improvement, we will continue to effectively manage affordability for our customers. On the community front, DTE was honored to be named to the Civic 50 for the sixth consecutive year. This award presented by points of light, recognizes the most community-minded companies in the nation. I am proud that our team continues to put the communities we serve at the forefront each and every day in our decision-making. We have a robust investment agenda of $25 billion over the next five years, which is a $2 billion increase over the prior plan, and we have a 10-year capital plan of over $50 billion. 95% of our capital will be invested at our two utilities. Investments in our non-utility businesses are strategically focused on our customers' needs and align with our clean energy initiatives. Our 2024 operating EPS guidance midpoint provides 7% growth from our 2023 original guidance midpoint. Our long-term operating EPS growth remains at 6% to 8%, with 2023 original guidance as the base of that growth and our 2024 annualized dividend of $4.08 per share is consistent with our practice of growing dividends in line with our operating EPS. Importantly, we will continue to have a strong balance sheet and investment-grade credit ratings to support this customer-focused capital investment plan. Now, let's turn to Slide 5. At DTE Electric, our significant capital investment plan is focused on building the grid of the future for our customers and supporting the transition to cleaner generation. Our recently filed distribution grid plan outlines our path to build the grid of the future. This plan includes the transition to a smart grid with full automation within five years, resulting in less frequent and shorter outages for our customers. We are also investing $9 billion on distribution infrastructure over the next five years, targeting reliability improvements of more than 60%. During 2023, a DTE Electric focused on improving the reliability of over 400 of our most challenging circuits, including trimming more than 5,000 miles of trees, installing more than 200 automated reclosers and maintaining our extensive network of electric infrastructure, including replacing pull-top equipment in over 3,500 utility poles. We are continuing to accelerate our tree trimming program. We are also continuing our accelerated preventative maintenance by upgrading more than 10,000 miles of infrastructure with over 1,300 miles upgraded in 2023. Finally, we are accelerating the rebuild of our 4.8 KV system and pursuing undergrounding. We did experience a large storm in January, and our team came together to achieve one of the fastest restorations for a storm of this size. The $2 billion increase in our DTE Electric five-year plan is driven by investment and cleaner generation that is supported by the IRP, the recently passed energy legislation and our voluntary renewables program. Accelerating this investment provides more affordable energy for customers over the long term. Our voluntary renewables program is still exceeding our high expectations. As I mentioned last year, the National Renewable Energy Laboratory recognized DTE as having the largest green tariff program in the country, fulfilling more load under contracted subscriptions than any other program. Now, let's turn to Slide 6. At DTE Gas, we are planning to invest $3.7 billion over the next five years to upgrade and replace our aging infrastructure. Over the years, we have made significant progress and recovered investment through our infrastructure recovery mechanism. Since the program began, we have renewed over 1,700 main miles and plan to complete over 200 more miles in 2024. Our natural gas balance program also continues to grow with over 13,000 customers currently subscribed. The program offers ways for customers to manage their carbon footprint through carbon offsets with our forestry partners in Northern Michigan as well as renewable natural gas. And now let's discuss the opportunities at DTE Vantage on Slide 7. At DTE Vantage, we are planning to invest between $1 billion to $1.5 billion over the next five years. We continue to advance custom energy solutions, RNG and carbon capture and sequestration projects. One project that we'll highlight is the expansion of a long-term fixed fee custom energy solutions agreement with Ford Motor Company to build, own and operate and maintain the central utility plant and distribution infrastructure serving its facility in Tennessee. In addition to the utility generation infrastructure, we will also provide distribution of hot and chilled water, steam, natural gas and electricity, domestic and sanitary water along with HVAC equipment and a wastewater treatment facility. Projects that are organic expansions like this one are attractive to us, given the long-term relationships, strong sites and a utility-like structure. This project, combined with other projects helps position us for future growth. Our development pipeline advantage remains strong. The IRA improves decarbonization opportunities as enhanced tax credits allow our projects to be more economic including carbon capture, RNG and combined heat and power projects. The RNG market growth continues and is supported by the federal renewable fuel standard and California's low carbon fuel standard. With that, I'll turn it over to Dave to give you a financial update. Dave, over to you.
David Ruud: Thanks Jerry. Good morning, everyone. Let me start on Slide 8 to review our 2023 financial results. Operating earnings for the year were $1.2 billion. As Jerry mentioned, we achieved operating earnings per share of $5.73 in 2023. This was achieved after experiencing and overcoming additional headwinds with December being one of the warmest on record. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. I'll start the review at the top of the page with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $791 million for the year. This is $170 million lower than 2022. The main drivers of the earnings variance was warmer winter weather, cooler summer weather and higher storm expenses. There are also higher rate base costs, lower residential sales relative to 2022 with the continuation of people returning to work and accelerated deferred tax amortization in 2022. This was all offset by the one-time O&M cost reductions that we implemented in 2023. Moving on to DTE Gas, operating earnings were $22 million higher than 2022. The earnings variance was driven by one-time O&M cost reductions and IRM revenue in 2023, which was offset by warmer weather and higher rate base costs. Let's move to DT Vantage on the third row. Operating earnings were $153 million for 2023. This is a $60 million increase from 2022, primarily due to new RNG projects and steel-related earnings that were mainly a result of opportunistic byproduct sales. On the next row, you can see Energy Trading finished the year with earnings of $105 million. As I discussed through the year, we experienced favorability in 2023 due to the robust contracted premiums in our physical power portfolio. A portion of this favorability from these contracted positions is expected to continue into 2024. Finally, Corporate and Other was unfavorable by $15 million year-over-year, primarily due to interest expense. Again, I'm extremely proud of our team. We overcame the majority of the unprecedented headwinds that we faced in 2023, and we did this without sacrificing reliability and our deep commitment to customer service. Overall, DTE earned $5.73 per share in 2023. Let's turn to Slide 9. Our 2024 operating EPS guidance midpoint is $6.69 per share, which provides 7% growth over our 2023 original guidance midpoint. And we continue to target 6% to 8% long-term growth from our 2023 original guidance. In 2024, DTE Electric growth will be driven by the investments in grid reliability and cleaner generation. DTE Gas will see continued customer-focused investments in main renewal and other infrastructure improvements that enhance performance of our transmission, compression, distribution and storage assets and support decarbonization. At DTE Vantage, 2024 earnings are largely driven by RNG projects and new custom energy solutions projects that serve as a base for growth going forward. At Energy Trading, you can see we are guiding to an earnings level that is slightly higher than the 2023 original guidance. This is due to the sustained robust margins that we have contracted and hedged in our structured physical power portfolio that are continuing into 2024. At corporate and other, the change is driven by higher interest expense and one-time tax items. Our long-term EPS growth rate of 6% to 8% from the original 2023 midpoint of guidance demonstrates our confidence in maintaining the growth trajectory we have achieved over many years. Let's move to Slide 10 to highlight our strong balance sheet and credit profile. Going forward, we will continue to invest heavily into our utilities. The majority of this investment is funded by our strong cash from operations, which is shown on our cash and capital guidance slide in the appendix. Due to these strong cash flows, DTE has minimal equity issuances in our plan, targeting annual issuances of $0 to $100 million through 2026. Our 6% to 8% long-term growth plan includes debt refinancings and new issuances, and we continue to manage these future issuances through hedging and other opportunities. In 2023, we also extended our revolving credit facility with all 21 banks out to 2028. We continue to focus on maintaining our strong investment-grade credit rating and strong balance sheet metrics. We targeted FFO to debt ratio of 15% to 16%. Let me wrap up on Slide 11, and then we'll open the line for questions. Our team continues our commitment to deliver for all of our stakeholders. Our robust capital plan supports our customers as we execute on the critical investments that we need to make to improve reliability and transition to cleaner generation while focusing on customer affordability. The 2024 operating EPS midpoint provides 7% growth over the 2023 original guidance midpoint, and we continue to target long-term operating EPS growth of 6% to 8%. Our dividend growth remains strong as we continue to target dividend increases in line with operating EPS growth. DTE continues to be well-positioned to deliver the premium total shareholder returns that our investors have come to expect with a strong balance sheet that supports our future capital investment plan. With that, I thank you for joining us today, and we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hey guys, good morning.
Gerardo Norcia: Morning Shar.
David Ruud: Hey Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning. Obviously, just real quick. CapEx is moving higher in the credit metrics just strong and obviously, you're highlighting that you have minimum equity needs in the current plan. I guess, can you just touch on funding sort of incremental spending opportunities maybe using some rule of thumb as we think about the percentage of equity needed to fund every new dollar of CapEx above this base plan. Maybe the answer is zero. And there's been obviously some mentions of an RNG sale in the media. Just given sort of the cash versus earnings attributes to that business, is that an accretive recycling opportunity? Thanks.
David Ruud: Thanks Shar. This is Dave, I'll take the first part of that. Yes, as you saw in our plan, we have really strong cash flow generation that allows us to allows us to maintain our FFO to debt at the right 15% to 16%, while issuing minimal equity. And it does give us some headroom to the downgrade thresholds, too. So, we haven't given a rule of thumb for how much new equity we would have to use for any new CapEx, but we still have some flexibility within our plan that would allow us to kind of work around any new equity that we'd have to do. But our plan, as you saw, has $2 billion of new capital in it, which we were able to bring in really due to the cash flow generation and then some of the favorability that we're seeing from the IRA tax credit as well.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes, Shar, I'll take the non-utility assets. Certainly, we're happy with all our assets there, but we're always looking for opportunities to -- there was an opportunity to create incremental value for our investors. We would take that opportunity in terms of optimizing the portfolio. But I would say at this moment, certainly, we don't have any incremental cash needs in our plan. And so there really isn't anything imminent at this time.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. And then just lastly on just the regulatory, maybe just expectations for 2024. You have a notice of a potential filing with the MPSC for March 1st. I guess can you just elaborate on that filing? I guess what do you see different from the prior case, which wasn't easy to get through especially as we're kind of thinking about the IRM sales forecast, rate design, et cetera? Thanks.
Gerardo Norcia: Sure. So, if you're referring to a potential electric rate case, we're looking to make a filing late in the first quarter, early second quarter. I would say that most of that filing will be about the capital investments we're making to upgrade the grid and transition to cleaner energy. So, again, it will be a CapEx-driven filing is what we expect at this point.
Shar Pourreza: Fantastic. Appreciate it guys. See you real soon. Thanks.
Gerardo Norcia: Thanks Shar.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Campanella with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Nick Campanella: Hey good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Gerardo Norcia: Morning. Hey Nick.
Nick Campanella: Morning. I guess just a follow-up on the Vantage portfolio optimization comments. Just if you don't have cash needs in the current plan and there is an opportunity to do something, just how do we think about those use of proceeds?
Gerardo Norcia: If we did pursue some form of optimization, obviously, the cash proceeds would go to offsetting debt issuances and even potentially the repurchase of some equity. But as I said, there's really nothing imminent at this point in time.
Nick Campanella: Okay. And then I guess, just as you kind of wrap in the Michigan legislation to your outlook, you're probably looking at changes to the supply portfolio. Can you just remind us what your philosophy is in terms of owning these assets versus doing PPAs? Are you going to target to do a mix? Or do you want to do all renewable ownership? That would be helpful.
Gerardo Norcia: So, we certainly like to own assets because we think it's much more accretive both for our customers in terms of providing lower cost. I think we've been able to show over and over is that ownership provides lower cost to our customers. And also, it provides a greater benefit to our investors in terms of EPS growth. So, we prefer to own. I think you'll see in the IRP. In the IRP settlement, we did agree to share some ownership, and it breaks out somewhere between two-thirds and one-third ownership between -- us owning two-thirds and others only one-third in IRP piece. I think the legislation also did not talk about ownership, which we was neutral on that point. So, we are pleased with that. And in addition to that, it also provided for compensation mechanism for PPAs that will give us some upside as we sign PPAs.
Nick Campanella: All right. Thanks so much for the time today.
Gerardo Norcia: Thanks Nick.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Gerardo Norcia: Hey Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to dive into the capital program a little bit more if we could. Looking at the $25 billion five-year plan as you laid out there. Just wondering if you could peel back -- a little bit more on the $2 billion increase in cleaner generation at DTE Electric. Just wondering what specific project opportunities, how you think about that new capital?
Gerardo Norcia: Yes, Jeremy, if you'll recall, we updated -- we didn't provide an update at EEIX, we're awaiting the outcome of a rate case to make sure that our capital plans were supported in which that happened. And so when we updated in December, it really reflected the IRP settlement and the new legislation were both in flight. And so I would say the combination of those two events, significant events created incremental opportunity in our clean generation space. It accelerated our journey in terms of building out renewables as well as a battery system. So that's really what drove the increase.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s helpful. And then just thinking about the capital program, I guess, broader and you think about the Vantage, the nonregulated side. Just wondering what you think about, I guess, run rate expectations for CapEx there? Did some capital move from Vantage into regulated? Just trying to get a sense for how much capital could go there over time, how that could potentially shift depending on what regulated opportunities you see in front of you?
Gerardo Norcia: Yes. Right now, we're showing a $1 billion to $1.5 billion investment over the next five years, which is pretty consistent with our prior five-year forecast. So, we really haven't made any significant change there just yet.
David Ruud: We will see that can be a little lumpy depending on the projects that come in to. So, the project that Jerry was talking about on in the prepared remarks, that one will have a little more capital associated with it in 2024. So, can be a little bit lumpy as it comes in.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s very helpful. And then I just wanted to see, I guess, as it relates to CCS, if you could dive in a little bit more in, I guess, how you think about time line for when that could become more real, I guess, as far as capital is moving in there. And as far as the, I guess, the regulatory environment being supportive enough where you feel comfortable to kind of move forward there?
Gerardo Norcia: Yes, I would say that in terms of carbon capture and storage, we're well advanced on 3 projects, and we're finalizing our arrangements with counterparties and some conditions precedent there to make sure that we got a viable transaction. But I would say it's feeling better than 50-50 that we're going to start executing on some capital there in that new business line. So, pretty exciting. They're small projects. Each of them are -- each of the three are anywhere between $50 million to $100 million, pretty simple projects that doesn't require a lot of pipeline, pretty short pipelines. Most of the pipelines are right on the property of the customer. So, as the wealth. So, we're deep into it and we'll continue to give you updates on that. But it's a nice synergy with our utility -- electric utility because we're -- as we think about future power plants and using natural gas, we're going to need to capture the carbon and store it. So, I think dipping our toes into this new business line creates value for investors, but also creates value for future utility investments that we'll need to make.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Very helpful. And one last quick one, if I could, just as far as refinancing new bonds. How much of the I guess the open rate exposure on refinancings has been hedged at this point in derisked?
David Ruud: So, as you saw, we have about $2 billion of refinancings coming up at the end of the year this year. And the majority of that is hedged. It's $1.7 billion has been hedged of that at rates that are a little bit better than what we're seeing out there in the market now. So, we just -- we continue to like our overall debt portfolio, like -- and with the rates we're getting that that's all included within our five-year plan and consistent with our strong investment-grade credit rating and our 15% to 16% FFO to debt that allows us to issue minimal equity within our plan. I know it's a little more of an answer than you were asking, but we're in a good place with that.
Jeremy Tonet: That’s all very helpful, all those details. Thank you very much for taking my question.
Gerardo Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey team, good morning. Thank you for giving me time.
Gerardo Norcia: Morning. Hey Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Good morning Jerry and Dave. Just maybe can you comment on the financial implications of the January storm? That's part one. And then part two, as we think about the rest of the year, what level of contingency you have in the plan as it relates to worse-than-expected storms, bad weather similar to what we had last year? So, those two things, please. Thank you.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes, we've -- just let me take the storm expense. We've certainly have increased our storm expense in our planning process as we've seen storms increase over time and the cost that, that brings. So, we feel pretty comfortable about the plan that we're carrying right now. And as you know, we also carry one standard deviation of whether, for example, in the winter, warmer than normal weather and/or in the summer, one standard deviation of cooler-than-normal weather. So, that's how we're planning. And at this point in time, we feel pretty good about our plan. We're moving along and right on track. I think the storm that came in January consumed some of the storm expense budget. But of course, as you would expect, we're working to replenish some of that so that we can carry a full summer storm budget. So, that's really where we're at with that.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay, perfect. Awesome. That’s really all I had. Thank you very much.
Gerardo Norcia: Thanks Durgesh.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
David Arcaro: Hey thanks. Good morning.
Gerardo Norcia: Morning.
David Arcaro: Let's see, you've got a renewable energy plan filing coming later this year, I think. Wondering if that could be an opportunity to reassess again and potentially increase the renewables in your outlook?
Gerardo Norcia: Well, certainly, our voluntary renewable plan is progressing really well, David. I'll just tell you that we've got 2,500 megawatts described in our voluntary program and 2,600 in our five-year plan. So we're -- it's likely that over time, it will increase. We'll -- obviously, our next filing will address the next couple of years of in-service requirements for our large industrial customers that we signed up and commercial customers. So, it could potentially be upside to our plan in the future as we continue to update our plan. So, hopefully, that helps.
David Arcaro: And I was wondering, does your current plan kind of fully embed the opportunities arising from the legislation as you're thinking about maybe beyond the renewable energy targets, but also considering energy efficiency and the FCM and the potential upside on PPA contracts?
Gerardo Norcia: I would say that our current plan does anticipate incremental build-outs for the IRP legislation. So, I told you our five-year plan for voluntary is 2,600 megawatts. We have an additional 1,800 megawatts that comes in as part of the IRP and a five-year plan. So, that's all built in to the $7 billion clean generation number that you see on our slides. In terms of PPAs, we're going to have to continue to assess what value -- the incremental value that will bring as we go along here. But it could bring incremental value.
David Ruud: And then as we look out past that, we're going to be having to file a new IRP that will take into account this legislation even more. And so that will give us an opportunity to bring some more capital in maybe near the end of the five-year plan, but really probably a little bit past that, just more opportunity to do this clean energy generation.
David Arcaro: Okay, great. Thanks for the color. Appreciate it.
David Ruud: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Andrew Weisel: Hi, thanks. Good morning everybody.
Gerardo Norcia: Morning Andrew.
David Ruud: Hi Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: Hi. First question is on the $300 million of lower fuel cost savings. Very impressive number. Can you just give a little more detail, first of all, is that a year-over-year reduction? And how much of that relates to the fuel cost itself, the natural gas prices being lower than 2022 levels. Maybe as a follow-up, just quickly, do you have an early read in 2024 in terms of forward curves?
David Ruud: Yes, the $300 million reduction in 2023, that was really the recovery of the over-collection that was in 2022. So, in 2023, we were kind of on our plan and just recovering what we needed to recover into -- recovering from 2022 and 2023 and then comes off our books for 2024. So, far for this year, there's a little bit under recovery left, but we're forecasting things to be pretty flat with our plan for this year.
Gerardo Norcia: And in the gas business, we're fully recovered there. We're in a good position there.
Andrew Weisel: Great. Then one more, if I could just sort of ask you to elaborate on the non-utility CapEx. So I'm going to ask similar questions in a different way. Last year, the CapEx was $167 million. That was well below guidance of $300 million to $400 million and now you're guiding to $550 million to $650 million for 2024. Can you just walk us through that a little bit? I heard you mentioned there's some lumpiness, maybe certain investments were deferred. I'm guessing some of the high spending this year is related to that Ford announcement. I guess just overall, how confident are you in that 2024 number, given how high it is?
David Ruud: Good question, Andrew. It's the capital investment really follows the development projects that we do within that business. And last year, we did three RNG projects and one custom energy solutions projects, but a smaller one and that allows us to continue with the growth we need in that business and meet our targets. This year, you're right, the Ford project that we're doing that we talked about in the prepared remarks, makes us confident that we're going to invest this. We talked about this a year or so ago. We had about $200 million of investment planned for this year from that. We've expanded that deal with them, and that's going to make up a good portion of the capital investment or non-utility this year. Still work in other projects as well. But it's really that custom Energy Solutions project with Ford that's going to take up a big chunk of that capital investment in 2024.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Sullivan: Hey everyone, good morning.
Gerardo Norcia: Hey Michael.
Michael Sullivan: Hey guys. Maybe just wanted to ask on the trading business that did really well in 2023. And I think, Dave, you mentioned some of that flows through in the 2024, but just -- how conservative do you feel that range is for 2024? And is this like a new normal that could extend even beyond 2024 based on what you're seeing?
David Ruud: Yes, Michael, you're right. We did have some really nice favorability in 2023. And again, this is due to the premiums we get on the structured physical power portfolio. So, it's all contract and hedged, just had really nice premiums in 2023. As we said, we expect some of that to continue on into 2024, probably not to the same extent as 2023. But some of those contracts, they're one and two years. So, we see some of them coming into 2024 as well. Going forward, we'll have to see what happens. We're not guiding to anything higher than that. We hit the same level of contracts as a business we've been in for a long time. We get the same level of contracts. We've just seen really good premiums in 2023, and we're seeing those come back down. So it's probably not something we're going to guide to going forward, but it is good favorability and the exact same risk profile that we've always had, too.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, great. Appreciate the color. And then I just wanted to pivot to the PBR proceeding at the Michigan PSC. And just what are your guys thoughts on kind of where that stands and how that ultimately plays out?
Gerardo Norcia: Michael, it's moving in the right direction in terms of sort of narrowing the variables that we'd be looking at for PBR. So, we felt that, that was quite constructive in the latest release from the commission on that process. We still feel it will be a symmetrical sort of benefit and incentive to perform. So, we feel good about that. That's still holding together. And we expect that there's really no time line stipulated for the conclusion of the process. So, we're thinking sometime between the middle of the year to early next year is when this process will conclude. But we're feeling that it will -- it will be a productive process and a well-balanced process.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, that’s super helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Sophie Karp with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Sophie Karp: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions.
Gerardo Norcia: Morning Sophie.
Sophie Karp: Hi. A couple of questions here. I guess staying on the Energy Trading business topic, right. Could you elaborate a little more on what market conditions are enabling this relative strength and like what should we watch for in terms of this potentially reversing in the future or continuing for longer, if you will?
David Ruud: Yes, these are markets where we bid into utilities within PJM and New England mainly and to serve their load. And as we bid in, we get contracts and those contracts will have premiums associated with them. We just saw really nice premiums in 2023 some of which carry on into 2024. So, we'll be able to -- as we go through 2024, we'll be able to let you know more about what we see for future years on those premiums. And then the rest of that business is really gas physical business, which again is contracted and hedged. So, it's really just kind of success of our trading group and setting up the structured physical and hedge positions that is making it have these successful years.
Sophie Karp: Got it. And how much visibility do you have in that? It sounds like maybe less than 12 months out because you would be updating us as you go?
David Ruud: That's right. It is most of these contracts are one year, some go a little longer, but most of them are for like -- for one year and then kind of see where they come in again the next year. That's why we continue to guide usually the $25 million. We went to $35 million because we see that, but we're not pushing to something higher than that in the future years.
Sophie Karp: Got it. And then I just wanted to be clear on what you're saying about your capital plan. How much of the new energy opportunities is reflected in it? It sounds like what you're saying is that you have reflected opportunities that would be presented by the new energy law in Michigan in your plan already. So, the incremental opportunities stemming from this legislation should be fairly limited. Am I hearing this correctly?
Gerardo Norcia: I would say, in the first five years, that's correct, Sophie. We've -- the IRP and the legislation is reflected in the five-year plan. And we'll continue to update that as we go forward. Now, beyond the five-year plan, there is some further acceleration that we could see, but we'll continue to update that each and every year and hopefully, in November between November and the end of the year.
Sophie Karp: Thank you so much. Appreciate it.
Gerardo Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. And just -- good morning guys. Thank you very much.
Gerardo Norcia: Morning Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Maybe just with respect to the last question -- hey morning. Just with respect to the last question there on the -- what's reflected in the plan. Just -- I just want to clarify on the PPA ownership piece or the PPA earnings piece, the compensation mechanism there, that is reflected for the one-third piece in the IRP settlement and therefore, in your outlook, right? So, again, as you talk about this, the different pieces, the substantive upside from the legislation really moves beyond the five-year period at this point, just on the compensation specifically.
Gerardo Norcia: So, again, the ownership component is reflected in our capital plan, the $7 billion component of clean energy generation that's in our plan. The financial compensation mechanism, we'll have to see what levels we sign the PPAs, obviously, as you know, it's a -- the price that we signed the PPAs for. So, as we sign those, we'll continue to update our plan, but it will provide some incremental value in our plan as we go forward, if that's what you're asking?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes, right. So, the FCM is included at least preliminary to the extent to which that might need to be updated later.
David Ruud: There's thoughts. We have something in there for now. But as we sign PPAs, there should be some upside in the plan to that what we have in there now.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. Thank you for clarifying. I know it was back and forth here a little bit. All right. Excellent. And then just coming back to the top of the roster on the Q&A. Real quickly on the RNG conversation briefly. Sounds like that was non-committal and frankly, but seems like opportunistically which you might see something of interest to you given where your balance sheet sits. Is there something about like resolution and IRS regs on RNG and how that's treated under IRA that's driving some decision free here for you guys? Or I just want to make sure I heard that right, that it doesn't seem like that's a particularly pressing subject for you guys?
Gerardo Norcia: Yes, I would say that it's not imminent, some sort of optimization of our are rent portfolio. We like the returns. We like the cash flows from it. And actually, the IRA Inflation Reduction Act has been quite beneficial to that business from an ITC, investment tax credit perspective. It's made projects more attractive and higher return. And we're also seeing positive movement in some of the markets, like the Federal market moved in a very positive direction and our renewable fuel standard that is. And in California, the California Air Resources Board is looking to tighten up the carbon intensity targets. So, I think as that plays out, that will provide even more upside in those markets as we see them today.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right. excellent. So, it doesn't sound like you're too worried about the way the IRA came out the way in terms of being the [indiscernible]
David Ruud: We are monitoring that, and we are commenting, but we're not overly concerned. We don't think that it's really consistent with what the congressional intent was there either. So, we're just continuing -- we're continuing to watch and monitoring comment, but not overly concerned.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay, wonderful. Excellent. Thank you guys very much. Take care.
Gerardo Norcia: Thank you, Julien.
David Ruud: Thanks Julien.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Gregg Orrill with UBS. Please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill: Yes, thanks for the question. Just following up on the RNG, are you able to provide how much that contributed in 2023? and also the steel business?
David Ruud: Yes. We saw -- we did see some good upside from the RNG because we brought in three new projects in 2022 and in 2023 and associated with some of that, there's some tax credits that come with that, that helped out in 2023. The steel business was the other part that gave us the favorability that we saw in 2023. And probably a little over half of what we saw there. And that was due to some opportunistic sales of some of our byproducts, some of the other products we're making within that business and some other kind of one-time things that we've done there. So it's yes, some good one-time opportunity that we saw in the steel business and the RNG development.
Gregg Orrill: And how are you thinking about the returns in the RNG business, just how they're trending?
David Ruud: We have noticed it's gotten a little more competitive as more people have come in. We used to say we got high double-digit unlevered after-tax returns. We're still seeing good returns, particularly what we see it is in our conversion projects, we have projects that now make power that we can convert to make in RNG. And so in those projects, we continue to see very strong returns. And then there's still a good development pipeline that has strong returns as well.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes, we're still seeing unlevered returns and I would say, north of 10% unlevered after tax, so in the teens, low teens.
Gregg Orrill: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Anthony Crowdell: Good morning Jerry, good morning Dave.
Gerardo Norcia: Morning Anthony.
David Ruud: Hey Anthony.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, just two quick ones. Most of them have been already answered my questions, but just I think you talked about a potential rate filing late first quarter, early second quarter electric filing. Just do you expand the undergrounding program in that filing or as much as you'd like to disclose thoughts on expanding the undergrounding and the filing?
Gerardo Norcia: Anthony, we put five miles underground in last year in 2023, and it went really well. And what we're doing is proposing that we continue to do more. This is going to take a few years to ramp, Anthony, as we kind of work with our commission. We actually had the commission staff looking at some of the undergrounding that we did in the last few days. And so they -- I think there's a process here to make sure that we're working together with our commission, come up with a reasonable plan. I would say the key part of it is we need to ensure that on an NPV basis, undergrounding is going to be least equivalent or better than putting it up in the air. We've got 19,000 miles of infrastructure to replace that's very old. It's a 4.8 kV system. So, a huge opportunity from a customer perspective to improve infrastructure for the future. And we'd like to put as much of that underground as we can, but we're going to have to prove out the concept. So, we're in the early stages of proving it out and to ourselves and then secondly, to our commission. So, that's where we're at with it. I think it's going to take a few years before we can ramp it, but we feel pretty good about how smoothly the first five miles went. It's all directional bore through very highly congested urban areas. So, a very cool project. More to come on that.
Anthony Crowdell: And then just a quick follow-up. I guess, I'll throw it to you, Dave or Jerry, if you want to take this, it's fine. Just I guess on a credit metric basis, where did you end 2023, and I think your target range is 15% to 16%. When do you believe you'll hit that target range?
David Ruud: Yes, we did end 2023 right around 15%, Anthony. And as we look through the five-year plan, we stay within that range throughout the five-year plan that we talked about, even with the minimal equity that we're issuing.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on a good quarter.
Gerardo Norcia: Thank you, Anthony.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Ryan Levine with Citi. Please go ahead. Excuse me Mr. Ryan Levine, your line is open. Please go ahead with your question.
Ryan Levine: Apologize. So, good morning. Hoping to follow-up on the utility ownership for PPA and some of the generation assets. Is your plan largely solidified at that point? Or is there opportunity to convert some of the owned assets into PPAs given the incentives that the law provides.
Gerardo Norcia: I'll let -- Ryan, thanks for the question. I'll let Dave sort of elaborate, but I'll start by saying that we prefer to own the assets for really two reasons. One is if you look at the value to our customers, it's much more affordable for our customers for us to own the assets. And then secondly, for investors, it provides a much greater significant EPS growth opportunity if we own. So, we don't see converting any current ownership to PPAs. Dave, did you want to add to that?
David Ruud: No, that's exactly right. It's better for our customers. We've gotten really good at developing these projects. And we're the leading renewable developer in the state and continue to do it and what we see as the lowest price, which is kind of borne out through the auctions that we're in. So we think it's better for our customers. And then on an EPS basis, investing the capital is better for our shareholders as well. So, I don't know that we'll be converting any. We'll do what we need to do. But and the FCM it's great. It's a great addition for the PPAs that we do, but it's still much better for our customers and much better value if we continue to develop these.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And are you still pursuing opportunities to build dedicated pipelines to chemical plants near your service territory, but that you maybe have been pursuing in the last few quarters?
Gerardo Norcia: Are you referring to carbon capture and storage, Ryan?
Ryan Levine: More carbon-dedicated pipes, right?
Gerardo Norcia: Yes, we are. We've got three transactions that are well advanced with large carbon dioxide producers, and we're looking to capture that CO2 source and stored underground essentially under property. These are very short pipelines, a couple of thousand feet each less than a mile. So, we're looking to finalize those arrangements and also satisfy some of the technical conditions precedent that we want to accomplish before we get too far into that business.
Ryan Levine: Okay, great. Thanks for the answers.
Gerardo Norcia: Thanks Ryan.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Jerry Norcia for closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Gerardo Norcia: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'll just go by saying we're feeling great about 2024 and also our long-term plan as well as our position for future years. Have a great morning and stay healthy and safe.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Emma and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DTE Energy Third Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Barbara Tuckfield, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Barbara Tuckfield: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind you to read the safe harbor statement on Page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix. With us this morning are Jerry Norcia, Chairman and CEO; and Dave Ruud, Executive Vice President and CFO. And now I'll turn it over to Jerry to start the call this morning.
Gerardo Norcia: Thanks, Barb, and good morning, everyone and thanks for joining. I'll give a brief business update and Dave will provide a financial update before we take your questions. Now let me start by emphasizing a few points, including my confidence in the company and our long-term opportunities. As you know, we have faced unprecedented headwinds this year. And these events have impacted our financial plan by $370 million. However, the combination of these headwinds is truly onetime in nature and the fundamentals of DTE remain strong. We have a solid record of achieving our financial targets and we know how to do so without sacrificing safety or reliability. This year alone, we have offset $270 million of earnings headwinds from the unprecedented combination of storm activity, unfavorable weather and a low rate order driven by a difference in the sales forecast. The fact that we have been able to offset most of these challenges while maintaining service excellence is a clear proof point of our highly engaged team and commitment to operating excellence. DTE also benefits from strong cash flows and a solid balance sheet that support continued investments that will build the grid of the future and drive the clean energy transition. Our long-term growth plan is robust with numerous opportunities for these investments. And as I said, we have an incredible team of highly engaged employees who are committed to our customers and who know how to execute safely and efficiently. Our team continues to operate a top decile engagement levels as measured by the Gallup organization. I'm proud that our team's excellence in this area was recognized by earning the Gallup Exceptional Workplace Award for the 11th consecutive year. My confidence in DTE and our ability to deliver for our customers while being a stabilizing force in our communities and creating significant sustainable value for investors over the long term is unwavering. We remain focused on continuing to invest the strategic capital that further supports improved grid reliability in the face of changing weather patterns and further electrification and the transition the cleaner sources of generation. The heightened storm activity this year also highlights the importance of our investment plan and DTE is delivering on its commitment to automate, harden and rebuild the grid to improve reliability by over 60% over the next 5 years. Our recently filed distribution grid plan provides our road map to improve reliability and automation of our system. Also supporting our investment agenda is the IRP settlement. This plan outlines our investment in Michigan's cleaner energy future while remaining very focused on customer affordability. We are progressing toward a constructive outcome on our electric rate case. This case is critical to support the customer-focused investments that are needed for improved reliabililty and cleaner generation. Our customers and political leaders, including the governor, legislators and municipal leaders are demanding better outcomes and reliability during heavy storm periods. This doesn't happen unless we execute our strategic investment plans to modernize and automate the grid. We also need to resume our maintenance schedule on noncritical work that we deferred on a onetime basis this year. It is essential to resume this important scheduled work to continue delivering safe and reliable service. We met with the intervenors in the electric rate case and outline the importance of the infrastructure investments we need to make, while also gaining a deep understanding of their priorities. While we were not able to reach a settlement in this case, we have put a compelling case together for the work we need to do for our customers. We are confident that the Michigan Public Service Commission will appropriately support the investment that is needed in the state. The final order is expected in early December. As I mentioned, our company faced $370 million of unprecedented headwinds this year. This represents nearly 30% and of our total earnings forecast. We said on the second quarter call that we were in a position to deliver at the midpoint of our operating EPS guidance range if normal weather and storm activity occurred through the remainder of the year. However, unfavorable weather and additional severe storm activity did occur in the third quarter and these latest challenges brought over $100 million of additional headwinds to our financial plan. So we are revising our full year EPS guidance midpoint from $6.25 per share to $5.75 per share. This is not the type of result that my team and I like to report to you. In my 10 years as the number 1 and number 2 person in DTE's leadership team, we have consistently met or exceeded our targets. So you can imagine that we don't like reporting these results to you today. As I mentioned, we are continuing to wait for a final order on our electric rate case. Therefore, we will delay providing the forward-looking disclosures that we typically provide on the third quarter call or at the EEI conference until we get a final resolution in the case. We will then provide these disclosures in December, including our 2024 early outlook and dividends, extending the long-term EPS growth rate through 2028, updated 5-year capital plan, updated 3-year equity plan and our long-term operating earnings for DTE Vantage. Let's turn to Slide 5. As we discussed through the second quarter, the company experienced the impact of the lower-than-expected rate order that we received at the end of last year, driven by a difference in sales forecast of approximately $100 million, followed by $92 million in impact from storms, including the worst ice storm in nearly 50 years and unfavorable weather of $42 million at Electric and $31 million at gas. On the second quarter call, we said DTE Electric was achieving offsets for over half of its headwinds through focused onetime cost reduction efforts without sacrificing safety, reliability or customer service. And as a result, we noted that electric would likely fall below its full year guidance. However, we had favorability at each of our other business units, helping to overcome the remaining headwinds to achieve our full year EPS guidance. So at the time, we were on track to be at the midpoint of our guidance range if we had normal weather and storm activity and we had already consumed our contingency. In the third quarter, we had additional pressure of $53 million from storms and $53 million from cooler than normal summer weather. So far this year, we have faced 5 catastrophic storms which is double compared to the average number of catastrophic storms over the last 5 years. We are very proud of our team's efforts to safely restore power during each of these weather events. That being said, these restoration efforts are costly. And while we do budget for storm costs, the number of catastrophic storms this year, including a historic ice storm significantly impacted DTE Electric earnings. Along with storm activity, we have seen unfavorable weather in our service territory for electric and gas this year. The winter was the fourth warmest winter since 1960. And the summer was one of the coolest in nearly a quarter century. This was very different from the record heat that was experienced across most of the country. Much like for storms, we prepare for unfavorable weather scenarios during our planning process. Our lean and invest plans are structured to cover weather variability. This year, the winter and summer weather combined was much more unfavorable than we have seen. It has been an unusual year, having both high storm activity at electric and unfavorable weather at both of our utilities. This dynamic has certainly created a significant challenge to our company in addition to the low rate case order. So we faced a combination of 3 major headwinds. And only 2 of these occurred, we would have been able to achieve our original EPS guidance target. Having all 3 factors stack up against us exceeded all reasonable planning scenarios. As a matter of fact, we had our statisticians look at the probability of greater than 1 standard deviation temper [ph] patterns of both utilities and the number of storm customers impacted all occurring in the same year and it is a once in a 50-year probability. Overall, the team has made excellent progress on onetime management actions across the entire company and finding opportunities within our portfolio. However, with the additional challenges in the third quarter, we are now lowering the operating EPS guidance for 2023. Now let's move to the opportunities we have in front of us on Slide 6. DTE is on track to make significant customer-focused capital investments across our businesses. Two important factors affecting our grid, our climate change and emerging electrification technologies. We need to build the grid of the future to ensure we can continue to provide clean, safe, reliable and affordable energy. We are also making investments to transform the way we produce power as we shift towards renewables and natural gas and away from coal generation. An important part of our clean energy program is our voluntary renewable program, My Green Power. This program continues to grow with a number of new large customers subscribing this year. We have 2,400 megawatts described, including over 90,000 residential customers. Highlighting our success to National Renewable Energy Laboratory has recognized DTE as having the largest green tariff program in the country, fulfilling more load under contracted subscriptions than any other program. Additionally, at our gas utility, we continue our important main renewal work which further reduces greenhouse gas emissions. DTE makes all of these investments with a sharp focus on customer affordability. Our distinctive continuous improvement culture drives cost management. The shift from coal to natural gas and renewables also helps to further reduce O&M costs. Our diverse energy mix helps to reduce fuel costs as well and allows us to maintain flexibility to adapt to future technology advancements. The IRA supports this transition to renewable energy while achieving customer affordability goals and further enhances opportunities for growth at DTE Vantage. Before I turn the call over to Dave to read more details on the financials, I want to reiterate what I said at the start of the call. DTE has a strong operating foundation and an excellent team with a proven record of execution, a long runway of investment opportunities and a solid balance sheet to support these investments. So we remain well positioned to deliver premium total returns while providing cleaner, reliable and affordable energy to our customers. Dave, over to you.
David Ruud: Thanks, Jerry and good morning, everyone. Let me start on Slide 7 to review our third quarter financial results. Operating earnings for the quarter were $298 million. This translates into $1.44 per share. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. I will start the review at the top of the page with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $268 million for the quarter. This is $95 million lower than the third quarter of 2022. The main driver of the earnings variance was the cooler weather and higher storm expenses that Jerry discussed. Other drivers include higher rate base costs and accelerated deferred tax amortization in 2022. This was partially offset by the onetime O&M cost reductions that we implemented in 2023. Moving on to DTE Gas; operating earnings were $18 million higher than the third quarter last quarter last year. The earnings variance was driven by onetime O&M cost reductions and increased IRM revenue in 2023 and partially offset by higher rate base costs. Let's move to DT Vantage on the third row. Operating earnings were $56 million in the third quarter of 2023. This is a $30 million increase from the third quarter last year, primarily due to new RNG projects and earnings related to steel projects. On the next row, you can see Energy Trading finished the quarter with earnings of $31 million. We had continued performance favorability this quarter due to robust contracted premiums in our physical power portfolio. This favorability is expected to continue for the remainder of the year. Finally, Corporate and Other was unfavorable by $17 million quarter-over-quarter primarily due to timing of taxes and higher interest expense. Overall, DTE earned $1.44 per share in the third quarter. Let's move to Slide 8 to go over our revised 2023 guidance by business unit. The continued unfavorable weather and storm activity is causing us to decrease our operating EPS guidance for the year. As we said on the second quarter call, electric would be below its original guidance range and gas, Vantage and energy trading would be above their guidance ranges. We are now decreasing the guidance range for DTE Electric and we are increasing the guidance range for DTE Gas, Vantage and Energy Trading. Overall, this resulted in a decrease to our DTE operating EPS guidance midpoint. As we discussed, we faced significant headwinds at DTE Electric throughout the year, starting with a challenging rate case followed by unprecedented unfavorable weather and storm activity. We've also continued to see favorability at our other business units. Favorability at DTE Gas is driven by onetime O&M cost reductions. At DTE Vantage, we have seen stronger RNG pricing and new RNG projects placed in service as well as opportunistic contracted sales and additional favorability in the steel business. Energy Trading is seeing favorability in its contracted and highly hedged power portfolio which will continue to provide additional upside. Again, all business units implemented onetime O&M cost reductions and also benefit from onetime corporate O&M cost reductions that cascade all the business units. As we faced approximately $370 million in total headwinds, the efforts of our team have offset much of this challenge but we are revising our operating EPS guidance from a midpoint of $6.25 per share to a midpoint of $5.75 per share. I just want to stress again what a remarkable achievement is for our team to offset $270 million of challenges this year. We're proud of what our team has accomplished and we feel this experience makes a stronger as we continue to focus on improving our processes and better serving our customers. It's also important to reiterate that the combination of these 3 distinct headwinds is truly onetime in nature and doesn't impact our long-term fundamentals. So we remain solidly positioned for long-term growth. Let's move to Slide 9 to highlight our strong balance sheet and credit profile. We continue to focus on maintaining a solid balance sheet with strong metrics and a solid investment-grade credit rating which is supported by continued strong cash flow. This will ensure we remain well positioned for continued growth. Let me wrap up on Slide 10 and then we'll open the line for questions. Our team continues our commitment to deliver for all our stakeholders. 2023 operating EPS guidance is updated to reflect the additional headwinds experienced in the third quarter. Our team continues to execute the plan to offset the majority of the unprecedented headwinds in 2023, remains highly engaged and focused on delivering for our customers and our communities. The electric rate case continues to advance as we look forward to a constructive order in early December. Our robust capital plan supports strong long-term operating EPS growth as we execute on the critical investment that we need to make for our customers to improve reliability and cleaner generation while focusing on customer affordability. DTE continues to be well positioned to deliver the premium total shareholder returns that our investors have come to expect with a strong balance sheet that supports our future capital investment plan. As Jerry mentioned, we look forward to sharing the details of our long-term plan after the rate case is finalized. With that, I thank you for joining us today and we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim.
Shahriar Pourreza: So Jerry, just appreciate the tough decisions this quarter. I mean, obviously, you moved the language around the 6% to 8% growth rate but reiterated long-term fundamentals and you stepped a bit outside of the normal cadence as we think about the '24 early outlook. I guess, can you just maybe elaborate a bit more on your thoughts going into '24 as we think about the cadence of updates for guidance and CapEx? I mean, obviously, the rate case decision is a gating item for '24. Would that be the new base for long-term growth? And will you extend the growth rate into '28? Just a little bit more color would be helpful.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes. You bet Shar. Sure. So certainly, the fundamentals of our business remain really strong in the long term. The opportunity is to make a tremendous amount of investment in our grid and our transition to clean energy. Those -- the opportunity remains intact. We are awaiting the commission order and that will happen the first week of December. The next scheduled meeting is December 1 but it has to be essentially dealt with before December 10. So sometime in the first week of December, we expect an order. We feel is prudent at this point in time to post that rate order is when we will basically roll out shortly right after the order. We will roll out our 2024 guidance, our long-term growth rate and also our capital investment profile. And we'll do that for both utilities and advantage. So that's the plan going forward, Shar. We don't want to get ahead of the regulatory process at this point in time.
Shahriar Pourreza: Right. No, that makes sense. But just, I guess, curious like, obviously, this year had some anomalous conditions, right? So when you guide would '24 be the base and would you extend out? I guess that was in the question.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes. Typically, what we do, Shar and we plan to do the same going forward as we will go back to the original guidance for 2023 that we've posted and then we will grow from there. Got it. Does that answer your question?
Shahriar Pourreza: And then, just -- it does thank you, Jerry. And then just lastly, the $270 million offset -- Yes, sorry, Jerry, go ahead.
Gerardo Norcia: I was going to say the reason for that is because much of what's happened this year, as you said, we view as anomalous and onetime in nature and that's why we will go back to the original '23 guidance and build our growth rates from there.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And then just on -- lastly, the $270 million offsets, I mean, that's obviously a pretty impressive number. And you call the response out as being onetime kind of event. I guess do you anticipate under normal weather, the full amounts to be replenished? Or is there some carryover of savings through '24. I mean, I guess, is there a deferred maintenance that would need to come back? I'm just trying to get a sense about these cost cuts and also the potential read-through they may have on the GRC as you try to get this case over the finish line with some very tough intervenors.
Gerardo Norcia: Thank you. So what you'll see is that much of the cost will flow back in. Some will stick. I think when you go through one of these periods of severe challenge, you always learn new things about your company. But much has to flow back in. So maintenance that wasn't critical this year becomes very critical next year that we can't continue to postpone. We've made that very clear in our final reply brief. And I think we'll see much of that flow back in. Some of that will stick will help for next year. And -- but we plan to plan to return to our normal planning process where we would anticipate certain levels of storm activity and certain levels of weather variation in our planning going forward. So that is our goal at this point in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley.
David Arcaro: Could you elaborate a bit on the settlement discussions that you had in the rate case? Just what challenges may have arisen that prevented from getting across the finish line there. Any kind of learnings and does that potentially continue forward into future challenges and other rate cases in the future? Or are there unique factors here that came into play?
Gerardo Norcia: Certainly. So as you know, we had a very successful integrated resource plan settlement and then we quickly transitioned to rate settlement discussions. I would say this, that the major agencies that would be involved significantly and representing the economic interest of our customers, we're at the table and we are moving towards settlement. But that was a handful of parties, key parties, very important parties but there was another 25 or so parties that were interveners in the rate case that essentially did not want to engage in rate case settlement discussions. That was unfortunate. But I think the practice of Michigan so far is not to pursue contested rate settlements. When you say what learnings are there, that might be something we have to explore in the future is the ability to pursue contested great settlements when you have the bulk of the economic interest represented at the table. Not a common practice in Michigan but a common practice in other jurisdictions.
David Arcaro: Got it. That's helpful context. Were there specific aspects within the case, whether it was the undergrounding, the IRM or specific requests here that led to the sticking points with those other intervenors?
Gerardo Norcia: I would say not. I think simply said, it was a reluctance to engage. I would say that the handful of parties that did engage, we were moving towards what I would call a productive outcome. So we are feeling positive until, I would say, the last moments of the discussions where there was a reluctance to engage by some of the other parties.
David Arcaro: Okay, understood. And thinking about the go-forward earnings power. Looking at the 2023 Vantage and trading results, quite a bit stronger than the original guidance on 2023. I was wondering if those could be considered new baselines for growth? Or if you could give us a sense for how much onetime or non-repeatable strength we saw in those 2 businesses? Do those also kind of revert to the original 2023 midpoint as you think about the growth going forward?
David Ruud: This is Dave Ruud. Yes. We did see some strong growth in -- for those businesses this year. Advantage, we had 3 new RNG projects, a new custom energy services project commenced the growth that we expected. There also is some onetime things in there, as we mentioned, some optimistic steel contracts that we did this year, too. So we look forward on Vantage. We will be growing that off the 2023 original guidance but still seeing some great growth there and some great opportunity this year. Trading also, like as you saw, is having a great year and we've increased the guidance there to a lot of that favorability that we've seen has been through contracted elect full requirement services and also in our gas business. And we've seen some of these higher margins on these contracts. And we'll be looking at what that means for 2024. But right now, I'm not increasing any of the guidance but we'll give you a full update. As Jerry mentioned earlier, we'll give you a full update on that in December.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: I really appreciate all the detail that you provided around the cost mitigation impacts. And so thank you for that. Listen, I just wanted to kind of think through the implications of any year like this a pretty aggressive year on storms to your go-forward earnings profile. Can you remind us, so this year, right, when you add all those numbers together, it's $150 million in impact which is roughly 10% of your earnings, normalized earnings power this year. Can you remind us what level of allowance or costs are baked in for storms in this current ongoing rate case and going forward?
David Ruud: Yes. In the -- in our rates, there's about $55 million pretax that's in there for storms right now. But we budget differently than that, been building some contingents as well.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. Are there other opportunities like trackers or deferrals that you could pursue? Or would that be more legislative?
Gerardo Norcia: I think those trackers and deferrals have been pursued in the past, Durgesh and can be pursued in the future. Like as a matter of fact, I think our sister utility is pursuing some of that as well in their current rate case.
Durgesh Chopra: And is that part of your current request as well, like are you asking for in this case?
Gerardo Norcia: It is not in our current rate case at this point in time. But as Dave said, typically, we budget for one standard deviation and weather variances that deal with weather variances as well as storm activity variances. I think what was unusual this year is that we had a much cooler than normal summer lineup with excessive storm activity which is very unusual and very anomalous. And beyond our planning scenarios, certainly. When we think about the totality of it, we had about 30% our earnings challenged and we responded with a 21% response and so a pretty significant response in light of extraordinary challenges. So we view it as a very anomalous year.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Okay, perfect. I appreciate the color. And then maybe just quickly hit on storm investigation. I know the Liberty Consulting Group was hired. What do you expect as next steps there? And when could we see sort of a final recommendation time line there?
Gerardo Norcia: So there's been a very positive set of interactions with Liberty. The exchanges have been very collaborative. They are requesting information which we're providing. I think the next series of steps is they'll conduct some field work as part of their tabletop exercise and we expect a report sometime next summer final report.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: I think the question has been touched on a number of different ways but I just wanted to be very precise and very clear here. As we think about the base business, as we think about going forward, there's a rate case, it's going to have some impact on 2024 unknown at this point. But if you think about the base business past 2020, '24, does DPE still grow 6% to 8%?
Gerardo Norcia: Jeremy, we're going to have to finalize all those details. I know everybody is anxious to get those details. But again, we certainly don't want to get in front of the regulatory process. What I will say at the highest level is all of the opportunities that we've discussed before that supported the long-term growth of our company are all there today. And what we need is strong support from the regulatory construct to support '24 and beyond for that matter. So we're waiting for a strong signal and we'll continue to move forward and execute these great investments for our customers. What I will tell you is that the governor, our customers our commission, legislators, every mayor I talk to are clamoring for these investments. This is something that our customers want. And the rate relief that we're requesting is not extraordinary. If you look at just the capital that we're deploying, some of the interest expense that we have to recover as well as the correction in the sales figure since May of 2020, we'd be looking at an increase of roughly 1.6% per year, well below national inflation rates of 5.5% since that period in time and well below some of our peers where they've seen over 5% bill growth since that period of time since 2020. So, we feel like we're delivering a very compelling and what I would say, competitive package to pursue for the commission and we're confident that we get strong support for the investments we need to make for our customers.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Understood. Maybe pivoting a little bit here. As we look forward, there's been just a change in regime in rates being -- rates moving up a lot recently. And we're kind of tracking holdco refinancing risk in note that DTE has a number of hedges in place to mitigate some of this risk. I was wondering if you could provide specific details on those hedges as far as what the refi looks like? Is this something that's just kind of a short-term hedge? Is this the longer-term hedge? What type of levels -- just trying to get a sense for how much of a headwind refinance risk at the holdco could be?
David Ruud: Jeremy, this is Dave. Yes. So I'll first say at the highest level, incorporated these increasing interest rates in our plan and had considered it and contemplated and had the flexibility in our plans prior to this. So we're monitoring this and we'll continue to manage the interest expense increase through timing and structure and tenor of our future debt. Now you're referring to the parent debt that we have that will come due at the end of '24. We have put in hedges for over a quarter, 25% of that through the year and we'll continue to look for opportunities, monitor the market for additional opportunity for that as well.
Jeremy Tonet: So just to clarify that 25% would be whatever the new tenor of that refinance would be. It 3, 5, 10 years, 25% is hedged for that length of time?
David Ruud: Right.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. And then, maybe just as you think about forward planning and weather and you provided a lot of helpful thoughts there, that's been great. But if you think about, I guess, the sample set that you apply the standard deviation against -- is the reason to revisit that just given the severity of this year? Or anything could happen in 1 year? Just wondering how to think about, I guess, how to best budget for storm impacts in future years?
Gerardo Norcia: Typically, what we do is we look at our 15-year weather patterns and we build a plan off of that. Our rates are also built off a 15-year average, if you will. And then we build in a 1 standard deviation in weather for consumption. And in addition to that, we carry storm budget that's based typically on a 5- to 7-year average. So we'll we're revisiting some of that as we speak, because we've experienced more severe weather patterns in the last handful of years. So that will continue to track against those types of averages. So that's how we build our portfolio and we've been quite successful in delivering in the last 16 years by using that approach. And even in the last 5 to 7 years. And so we'll continue with that approach and we'll continue modifying it as we see patterns continue to change. And we roll forward our 15-year averages for weather and that's just temperatures that I'm talking about there, DDDs and HDDs. And then we'll also look at storm activity as it continues to build as it has, we'll continue to increase contingencies for that.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. Thank you for all your thoughts today and looking forward to seeing the team at EEI.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Just in the saving, as Jeremy was just asking about on offsets here, you've got [indiscernible] offsets here against these headwinds. How do you think about the sustainability of them but also how do you think about some of the pull-forward items that you pulled in '23 that could come back in '24? I get that there's a question about sustainability going forward of some of these items. But how much slip back, call it, in a onetime basis in '24, how do you think about that in setting up a baseline here as you think about rolling forward, if you will? And again, what kind of items are there? I'll leave it open.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes. No, great question, Julien. So some portion of $1.31 will be sustainable but I just want to make it clear that we're not slow in applying incremental costs into 2024. We will return to our normal levels of maintenance. As you know, over the many years where we had favorability in our plan. We pulled forward maintenance and banked it. So we were able to take these onetime pauses in noncritical preventative maintenance. And so -- but next year, we're going to return to our normal pattern. So I don't want people to think that we're [indiscernible] any kind of cost into 2024. We'll return to normal levels of maintenance expenditures. Hopefully, that helps.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. That is, it's not an outsized year in '24 to get back to a run rate in '25, if you will, just to make sure we're...
Gerardo Norcia: That's correct. We're going back to our normal run rate that we otherwise would have had in '22 and '23 and return to normal maintenance level of expenditures.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. And Jerry, in the same direction of things, residential weather norm sales of 2.6% year-to-date here. I mean that seems like an outsized impact but obviously, with weather years with outsized weather impacts, it's hard to be precise. Mean how do you think about that impacting '24 onwards and whatever this return to office environment is for you guys on resi [ph]?
Gerardo Norcia: Sure. So I'll start with the weather part and I'll let Dave talk about residential load. And what we've seen this year compared to what we had forecasted for this year and what we plan to forecast for next year. So from a weather perspective, Michigan, believe it or not, when we do the analysis was we only stayed in the Midwest that experienced cooler-than-normal weather and by more than 1 -- cooler than normal weather for sure. And then we also experienced more than one standard deviation and warmer than normal weather in the winter. So very unusual combination and then package that with some storm activity, twice the number of catastrophic storms. And it's essentially a unicorn of a year. And we had -- I had my statisticians roll through that analysis and it's a 1 in 50-year probability. So of course, we'll work with the 15-year averages. It will impact our 15-year average and our 5-year storm activity average and we'll build that into our plans going forward. But Dave, you want to comment on residential sales?
David Ruud: Sure. Yes. Our sales this year have come in pretty much as expected for the year, consistent with our budget, consistent with the rate case filing we had. As you said, residential is down a little as we knew people would be on returning to work. So we saw that come down. As far as our forecast, we -- in the rate case that we forecast residential sales remain somewhat flat. And there's been no dispute in our forecast going forward here either. So we should get that -- that shouldn't be an issue here coming up in this rate case.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay, all right. Fair enough. And so -- but do you see consistent pressure going into '24? Just as you think about building out the plan on '24 and '25 on resi? Or is it more [indiscernible]?
David Ruud: We won't see pressure from residential forecast in '24.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Just a quick balance sheet question and a follow-up. I think Moody's maybe put out an update earlier this year with the company's FFO to debt metric is probably the lowest they've been in several years. I guess, the impact of this year's storm activity, mild weather and the rate decision, I guess just where do you think you end up in the end of '23? And how does that rate relative to downgrade threshold and what are you thinking in '24?
David Ruud: Anthony, we remain in a position with our balance sheet. We did meet with all the rating agencies this year and even ahead of this call. Now the FFO to debt from '22 was really due to lower FFO from our fuel cost and that's getting recovered this year. So we'll see that FFO to debt in '23 come back as we recover our PSCR primarily at our electric company. So we remain in good position, good headroom to the thresholds, any downgrade thresholds at any of our rating agencies at this point?
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then if I could think of Jerry, a longer-term question. I know there's a pending rate case we're all waiting for a decision. But when you think of the volatility, as you just said, Michigan was the only state in the Midwest that had mild weather. It seems that there's much more volatility in weather and storm activity, we're getting in Michigan. It seems every year or 2, there's a catastrophic storm or an ice form something. I mean when you file your future rate cases, thoughts on maybe the risk return or the risk involved in operating or the challenges in operating the utility in Michigan. Can you maybe change what you think the ROE that unit goes up higher?
Gerardo Norcia: I think 2 things, Anthony. You could go that route which is a more challenging route in terms of lifting ROEs but it's certainly a possibility, especially in light of rising -- continued rising interest rates there will be pressure to move ROEs up in the future. If this interest rate construct continues to get worse or it remains at the levels that it's at. But I feel that in the past, if you research our history, when we entered periods of very volatile storm activity in order not to whipsaw the level of investment that we can make in our maintenance practices and also capital deployment, there have been storm trackers that have existed in Michigan in the past. And to me, that could be a very viable path going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank.
Andrew Weisel: I appreciate all the details on the mitigation efforts and the headwinds. Obviously, it's been a tough year. Most of mine have been answered. Just 2 follow-ups, please. First of all, just to set expectations around the rate case timing. Let's assume we get a reasonable or normal or constructive outcome, whatever adjective you want to use how soon should we expect the next rate cases? In other words, not trying to get ahead of the current outcome but should we assume the more or less annual filing pace going forward?
Gerardo Norcia: Andrew, I would say that we have an infrastructure recovery mechanism built into the current rate case request. If that's adopted by the commission which we hope it will be, we will be in annual rate cases until that builds into a large enough infrastructure recovery mechanism for our distribution capital primarily to keep us out of rate cases for longer periods of time. Like if you look at our gas company, we're able to stay out between 1 and 3 years depending on what's transpiring inside the gas company but it will reduce the frequency of rate cases if the commission chooses to adopt an infrastructure recovery mechanism, it will just take a couple of years for it to happen until that mechanism built into a large enough amount to track enough capital to keep us out for a while.
Andrew Weisel: That sounds consistent with what you said in the past. Second question is totally unrelated. Question about supply chains. You're spending a lot of capital both on renewables and on improving reliability. How do you see the availability of these grid level equipment like transformers or switch gears? And if you do see shortages, is there a risk that might slow down your planned pace of spending?
Gerardo Norcia: Well, certainly, we're very well aware of supply chain challenges with relation to transformers and switch gear and we've expanded our reach beyond U.S. borders and are bringing in that equipment from international sources which is working out quite well so far. We've done a lot of testing and a lot of investigation and due diligence over the last several years and that's taken some pressure off of our supply chain. So right now, we feel good about it, Andrew, in terms of how we're positioned to execute our large capital programs, both on the distribution business as well as the renewables business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: Great. So, just -- so like in the past, you've had rate cases and been able to give guidance in rate case with rate cases pending. So should we think about this being different just because of what happened last year with the surprise in the sales forecast or just tough conditions this year? Just how should we think about what's different this time versus in the past?
Gerardo Norcia: I would say realistically, Steve, our posture has probably gotten a little more conservative based on what happened last year. And all signals are positive. I mean there's strong consensus prior to filing the rate case with commissioners and even in their public statements, supporting large levels of investment into the grid and into renewables. We're also getting that from the governor's office where there's strong support for investments in infrastructure. And again, clamoring from customers, as you've probably seen, especially this summer wanting for us to invest and make the grid better and also support strong support for the clean energy transition. So we're likely in a more conservative posture based on the challenges that we've had in the regulatory process as well as some of the challenges we've experienced this year. So we want to make sure when we tell you we're going to do something, we're going to deliver on it.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And it's -- and how much, if anything is related to just other things than just the rate case? In terms of just wanting to take more time?
Gerardo Norcia: No, we don't need more time. We just need a data point here to finalize our plans for '24 and our long-term plan. There's nothing else really that we're worried about other than -- it's a significant data point in our plan. And we don't want to get ahead of our commission.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sophie Karp with KeyBanc.
Sophie Karp: A couple of questions, if I may. With respect to the storm activity, right? So we've seen -- now it seems like every year, once in a year 50-year storm, right, something like that in different predictions. And is this type of weather volatility increases in UC, now in Michigan, is there in your mind, a need for a more, I guess, structural solution to that? Maybe it should be done to legislature. That goes beyond trackers and riders and what have you but maybe the securitization program for storms some sort of a surcharge on customer bills or storm escrow. All those mechanisms have been employed like in the south where the storms are an annual event. Is there something to learn from that and potentially maybe implement in Michigan?
Gerardo Norcia: I think the straight answer to that and simple answer socket that is absolutely yes. We have to consider all of the above and those are great thoughts that you've offered and certainly, we're thinking about similar approaches as to how to take this volatility out of the plan because as you've mentioned, what it does to a utility, when you get into these volatile environments, storm environments as it starts to whipsaw our maintenance plans and potentially even your capital deployment plans. And we don't want that to happen. We want to make the steady investments and perform the regular maintenance. We need to have in order to run a high-quality grid in a high-quality operation. So very good thoughts. We're very supportive of your thoughts and we'll be pursuing them in the future.
Sophie Karp: Got it. And my other question is this, hypothetically speaking, if you were not entirely happy with the rate outcome in the current rate case what is, I guess, a way for you to communicate that to the stakeholders, right? And some of your peers in other jurisdictions when they were in such situations chose to signal that by cutting some of the non-consequential investment but that is politically more charged such as maybe EV infrastructure and things like that. And I was just curious if you've given some thoughts as to how you would proceed in that situation?
Gerardo Norcia: So Sophie, I'll say this much, certainly, any good company faced with uncertainty, any type of uncertainty, we do scenario planning. And we're in the midst of that. I think we're well advanced in our thinking. And once we receive a rate order, we'll roll out our plans and our reaction. I don't want to get ahead of ourselves at this point in time and we'll await the order from the commission and then we'll provide our guidance and long-term plan which I believe at this point, will all be very positive. I don't sense at this point, that there would be a disruption in our ability to invest. I feel confident about the need to make the investment and that there's alignment. But then again, in order to be prudent, we were also doing a lot of scenario planning to ensure that we can respond to whatever happens.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar.
Travis Miller: You've answered most of my questions here. So just 2 real quick ones. In terms of the coming announcements in terms of guidance and capital investment, long-term growth, what about the dividend, the quarterly dividend announcement will that also come after the rate case and the planning?
David Ruud: Yes. Yes, that will come then. I think it may come even a little bit before that, depending on when -- when that final rate case comes out.
Travis Miller: Okay. So definitely after the rate case but potentially...
David Ruud: Yes. So it'll be in the first December yes.
Travis Miller: Okay, perfect. And then, the interveners that you mentioned that really weren't all that keen on settling. Have they been in previous rate cases? Have they been interested in settling before? Did you know these people before and were they familiar with the rate case process?
Gerardo Norcia: I would say that the -- we know them. Of course, we know them. We've been involved with them in many other rate cases. As we try to bring all these parties to settlement, I would say the parties that typically don't have strong interest in the economics of the case are the ones that we had challenged bringing to the table, not all, not exclusively all but I would say most -- the majority of the parties that we were not able to engage in settlement discussions probably had typically their function, their mission is not tied significantly to the economic interest of our customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Levine with Citi.
Ryan Levine: On cost cutting, were there additional tools that were decided not to use in the third quarter? Or should we think of Q3 as the MAX from a cost flex for the company?
David Ruud: Yes. We look -- we've been looking across our company ever since the end of last year for any opportunities that we had. And we saw that we put all we had in place through the beginning of the year. You saw the $270 million of offsets that we had. So -- we've -- a lot of this plays out still through the end of the year. I mean these are annualized numbers may play out through the end of the year but it's going to be a consistent number with what we've been now for cost cuts.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then on storms, I know that's been asked and answered. But in terms of the longer-term outlook, your neighbor utility, some studies talking about directionally 25% increase in store storms through 2050. Is there any comparable analysis that applies to your jurisdiction? Or how are you thinking about the longer term impact? And is that $55 million number appropriate? Or kind of was the growth rate that you think is appropriate to apply to?
David Ruud: Yes, we continue to look at that. We've seen the increasing weather patterns also and look at the increasing storm impact that has. And so we do build in some contingency beyond what's and rates. But again, as we've talked about, we're going to look at what we need the budget going forward as well as what are some of the other mechanisms we can use to manage storm going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gregg Orrill with UBS.
Gregg Orrill: You mentioned you're expecting to get some cash back this year in the PSCR, can you quantify that?
David Ruud: Yes. Our under recovery last year was about $420 million. And so we've been recovering that throughout the year. So we're going to get the majority of that back through in this year. So it's a little over $380 million we'll be getting back to this year. So that's obviously swings the cash and FFO for us quite a bit by $800 million year-over-year.
Operator: This concludes our Q&A for today. I turn the call back over to Jerry Norcia for closing remarks.
Gerardo Norcia: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'll just close by saying I'm excited about the opportunities we have ahead of us, including further strengthening of our electric grid and preparing for increased demand for electrification on our system and accelerating our path to cleaner generation. We continue to be well positioned for future growth and we'll provide additional details after our rate case wraps up. Hope everyone has a great morning and a safe day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the DTE Energy Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And now at this time, I would like to turn things over to Ms. Barbara Tuckfield, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am. 
Barbara Tuckfield: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind you to read the safe harbor statement on Page two of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix. With us this morning are Gerry Norcia, Chairman and CEO; and Dave Ruud, Executive Vice President and CFO. And now I'll turn it over to Gerry to start the call this morning. 
Gerry Norcia: Well, thanks, Barb, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. This morning, I will be discussing the achievements we've made so far this year and provide a general business update. I'll discuss the progress of our regulatory proceedings including the details of our IRP settlement. Dave will provide a financial update and wrap things up before we take your questions. Before we dive in, I want to take this opportunity to touch on some recent appointments to our regulatory commission here in Michigan. Governor Whitmer extended Chair Dan Scripps term an additional six years to 2029. The reappointment of Chair Scripps provides consistency and regulatory leadership and we appreciate the balance he has always brought to the commission. We congratulate Chair Scripps and look forward to continuing to work with them. Governor Whitmer also appointed Alessandra Carillon as a new commissioner to the MPSC, filling the vacant role left by Germain Phillips. We look forward to working with her as she comes to his position with a strong background in electrification.  Moving on to Slide 4. We remain committed to supporting and delivering for all our stakeholders, including employees, customers, communities and shareholders. I always say that employee engagement drives our success, and our team continues to operate at top decile engagement levels as measured by the Gallup organization. I'm proud that our team's excellence in this area was recognized by earning the Gallup Exceptional Workplace Award for the 11th consecutive year. We also received great news that DTE was named one of Metro Detroit's best and brightest companies to work for. The best and brightest program recognizes companies that have a commitment to excellence in their human resource practices and employee enrichment based on categories, including work life balance, employee education and diversity.  I'm happy to say that yesterday, the MPSC approved our IRP settlement agreement, which outlines our investment in Michigan's clean energy future, two weeks after we filed it. This demonstrates the supportive nature of our regulatory environment. We are proud that this plan puts our customers first by reducing the cost of our clean energy transformation, while reliably generating the cleaner, affordable energy that our customers will rely on for years to come. I'll provide more details on the settlement agreement in a few minutes. On the community front, DTE was honored to be named to the Civic 50 for the sixth consecutive year. This award presented by Points of Light recognized us as the most community-minded companies in the nation. I am proud that our team continues to put communities we serve at the forefront each and every day in our decision-making and earning this award year after year recognizes that. On the investor front, we are executing on our plan to achieve our 2023 guidance midpoint and our long-term financial growth. As you know, we have been facing headwinds with the weather and storms that we experienced earlier this year. Dave will go into more details on this, but the team has made excellent progress on the cost management work across the entire company, and we continue to find savings with our continuous improvement efforts. As well, we are seeing additional favorability across our portfolio of businesses. We are well positioned to continue to deliver the strong performance and premium growth that DTE is known for delivering on our 2023 midpoint guidance and also continue to deliver long-term EPS growth of 6% to 8%. Let's turn to Slide five and discuss the IRP settlement agreement.  We want to thank our DTE employees and 21 organizations from across Michigan for their diligent work on this IRP settlement agreement. We completed a comprehensive analysis that reflected insights shared by our customers and other stakeholders to build the plan. The plan offers a balanced and diversified approach for the transition of our generation fleet, complementing our commitment to build a reliable and resilient grid while maintaining customer affordability. A key provision of the settlement agreement is ending DTE's use of coal in 2032. DTE will provide retraining for employees impacted by the plant retirements, and we'll continue to partner with the local communities on new economic development opportunities. We are continuing our plan to cease coal use at our Bell River power plant in 2026 and converted to a 1,300-megawatt natural gas peaking resource. We are retiring two coal units at Monroe in 2028 and accelerating the retirement of our two remaining units from 2035 to 2032, which is nearly 12 years earlier than originally planned.  To determine the best replacement alternative for the capacity of Monroe, we will be studying a range of possible replacement technologies. Facilitated by these accelerations, our 85% carbon reduction goal moves from 2035 to 2032. To support these retirements, we are transforming how the company generates electricity over the next two decades. We will be developing more than 15,000 megawatts of renewables by 2042 to power homes, businesses and industrial facilities. Additionally, we will build more than 1,800 megawatts of energy storage to support the company's clean energy transformation. Through all of this, our focus remains in providing what our customers and communities need, clean, affordable, reliable energy. This IRP is also very positive for customer affordability as it provides over $2.5 billion in future cost savings, and we will be directing $110 million to support our most vulnerable customers, including $70 million to energy efficiency programs, $30 million in bill assistance and $8 million in home repairs facilitate cleaner energy for low-income customers. Through this IRP, we will be delivering long-term customer value by investing over $11 billion in the next 10 years in a clean energy transition, supporting more than 32,000 Michigan jobs.  Let's move to Slide six to discuss how the IRP fits into our plan. This IRP supports our long-term capital plan as it solidifies a large portion of our planned investment in cleaner generation. As you recall, we will be investing $21.6 billion in our two utilities in the next five years and $45 billion over the next 10 years. all to build the grid of the future, transition to cleaner generation and modernize the gas transmission and distribution system. The significant additions of renewables and storage outlined in this plan in addition to the renewables investments we are doing through our voluntary renewable program provides surety to our cleaner generation investment plan. The IRP provides full recovery of the net book value of Bell River and Monroe. A portion of the assets are securitized to balance customer affordability with the increased investment in clean energy while supporting our financial plan. For Bell River, we will be depreciating the majority of the asset since it will remain in service earning the authorized ROE currently at 9.9%. A small portion of the net book value will be securitized after 2026. For Monroe, we received constructive regulatory asset treatment for the majority of the undepreciated coal unit investment balances with a 9% return on equity. The remaining portion of the assets will be securitized beginning in 2032. We will receive our full authorized ROE, which is 9.9% until 2032, at which point that portion will be securitized. So this plan is a really great outcome. Selling this case confirms the constructive nature of the regulatory environment in Michigan and DTE's ability to gain consensus with key stakeholders, including the MPSC staff, the attorney general, environmental, industrial and regulatory groups. It is consistent and supports our 5-year financial plan and our 6% to 8% EPS growth rate. It also provides visibility and surety and the long-term capital plan. And this settlement overall is good for customers and aligns with the state's goals to provide clean, affordable, reliable energy in Michigan. We will be updating our full 5-year financial plan at EEI. As with any of our plans, we continue to balance increases in investments in clean generation distribution infrastructure and base infrastructure with affordability for our customers. Now let's turn to our other accomplishments this quarter on Slide 7. Our team has accomplished a lot so far this year.  At DTE Electric, we placed Michigan's largest wind park in service, the Meridian Wind Park, spanning three townships, the 225-megawatt wind park has 77 wind turbines and generates enough clean energy to power more than 78,000 homes. In addition to bringing even more clean energy to the grid and supporting Michigan's overall de-carbonization goals, these types of projects help strengthen our economy by creating jobs and by bringing additional tax revenue to our communities. Additionally, last month, Dakota, a native American and women-owned automotive supplier joined our voluntary renewables program. Dakota joins 15 automotive suppliers who are using my green power to make their operations more sustainable.  This continues to demonstrate the success of our voluntary renewable program that currently has over 2,300 megawatts of commitments, including participation of over 90,000 residential customers, making us the largest voluntary renewable program in the state of Michigan and one of the largest in the country. We are continuing our focus on improved reliability of our electric grid. We trained more than 25,000 miles of trees over the last five years and will trim an additional 5,000 miles in 2023, of which we have completed 2,800 miles through the first half of this year. The electric rate case is progressing as we continue to pursue a constructive settlement with all stakeholders. At DTE Gas, our main renewal work marches steadily along.  We've completed over 150 miles of renewal in the first half of 2023. Our natural gas balance program also continues to grow. We now have over 12,000 customers subscribed since program inception in 2021. In the second quarter, the city of East Grand Rapids was the first municipality in Michigan to join the program to help lower its carbon footprint, and we invite more municipalities to participate in this great program. Moving on to DTE Vantage. As we mentioned earlier this year, we have placed two projects in service so far in 2023. One RNG and one custom Energy Solutions project.  We are on track to place two additional RNG projects in service by year-end and are in advanced discussions on an additional customer energy solutions project. We also continue to advance our development pipeline with strong opportunities in both RNG conversions and large custom energy solutions projects. With that, I'll turn it over to Dave to give you a financial update. Dave, over to you. 
Dave Ruud : Thanks, Gerry, and good morning, everyone. Let me start on Slide eight to review our second quarter financial results. Operating earnings for the quarter were $206 million. This translates into $0.99 per share. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. I'll start the review at the top of the page with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $178 million for the quarter. This is $8 million lower than the second quarter of 2022.  The main driver of the earnings variance was cooler weather. There's also lower residential sales relative to 2022 with the continuation of people returning to work, higher rate base costs and accelerated deferred tax amortization in 2022. This was partially offset by the onetime O&M cost reductions that we have implemented in 2023. Moving on to DTE Gas. Operating earnings were $24 million, $18 million higher than the second quarter of 2022. The earnings variance was driven by onetime O&M cost reductions and IRM revenue in 2023, partially offset by higher rate base costs.  Let's move to DTE Vantage on the third row. Operating earnings were $26 million in the second quarter of 2023. This is a $2 million decrease from the second quarter last year primarily due to planned outage timing at our renewables plans. On the next row, you can see Energy Trading finished the quarter with earnings of $36 million, which is $29 million higher than the second quarter last year. As I mentioned in Q1, there is some timing variability this year that is now positive in the second quarter. This is primarily due to contracts in our power physical business that include revenue based on fixed prices over the term of the transaction, and then these contracts are hedged upon execution.  We sell the energy at a fixed price for these contracts while the recognized cost synergies based on the energy curve, which was higher in January and February. This timing variance that we saw in the first quarter has begun to unwind as expected. We also had performance favorability in energy trading this quarter due to robust contract premiums in our physical power portfolio for 2023. Through the first half of the year, Energy Trading has earnings of $10 million. Finally, Corporate and Other was unfavorable by $2 million quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to higher interest expense. Overall, DTE earned $0.99 per share in the second quarter. Let's turn to slide nine to discuss our 2023 guidance.  Let me start at the bottom of the page and tell you that we remain on track to deliver on the overall EPS guidance we have for 2023, and we have plans to achieve the midpoint of our guidance range. As we have discussed, we have faced headwinds at DTE Electric this year. This includes the lower-than-expected rate order received at the end of last year, driven by a difference in sales forecast of approximately $100 million. We had a $70 million impact from the winter storms in the first quarter and unfavorable weather of $42 million in the first half of the year. Through focused onetime cost reduction efforts, DTE Electric is achieving offsets for over half of these headwinds without sacrificing safety reliability or customer service.  However, electric will likely still fall below its guidance range as represented by the Red Arrow. Favorability at each of our other business units will overcome the remaining headwinds and achieve our EPS guidance. This is depicted by the green arrows indicating they will likely be above their guidance ranges. Additional favorability at DTE Gas is driven by onetime O&M reductions. DTE Vantage favorability is driven by stronger R&G pricing, additional projects coming into service and opportunistic contracted sales in the steel business. Energy Trading is seeing favorability in its contracted, highly hedged power portfolio, which will continue to provide additional upside to this business.  All the business units implemented onetime O&M reductions and also benefit from onetime corporate O&M reductions at Cascade to all the business units. Through the performance of our portfolio, we have plans to achieve the midpoint of our operating EPS guidance range for DTE and we'll update the business unit guidance after the summer weather plays out. Our guidance does assume historically average weather for the remainder of the year without the normal contingency that we typically build into the plan. Our team has really made excellent progress identifying and implementing the opportunities in onetime O&M reductions across the company while ensuring the reliability and safety that our customers expect. This allows us to continue to deliver for all our stakeholders.  The performance this year will allow us to continue to be very well positioned to achieve our long-term EPS growth and the premium returns that our shareholders have come to expect from us. Let me wrap up on slide 10, and then we will open the line for questions. In summary, through the remainder of the year, DTE will continue to focus on our team, customers, communities and investors. We are executing on our plan to achieve full year guidance without jeopardizing safety and reliability.  Our utility regulatory filings continue to advance as evidenced by our recent IRP settlement. We also continue to pursue a constructive settlement in our electric rate case. Our robust capital plan supports our long-term operating EPS growth as we execute on the critical investment that we need to make for our customers to deliver cleaner generation and increased reliability while focusing on customer affordability. Our long-term plan supports our 6% to 8% operating EPS growth target through 2027 and provides a dividend growing in line with operating EPS. With that, I thank you for joining us today, and we can open the line for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first this morning to Jeremy Tonet at JPMorgan. 
Jeremy Tonet : Just wanted to start with the electric rate case proceeding, if I could here. And appreciate where we are at the process only so much could be said. But are you able to expand at all on how this has been progressing? And I guess, hopes for settlement at this point when that might materialize? Or just any other color in general would be helpful. 
Gerry Norcia: Our target, Jeremy, to settled the rate case is mid-October, and before the PFD is issued. So we have started some conversations and those conversations, obviously, will become a lot more intense through the summer. But I believe we have the ingredients for settlement, and we'll continue to update you on that as we progress. 
Jeremy Tonet : Got it. That's helpful. Just wondering, I guess, to the ability you're able to comment for weather for the third quarter. Obviously, the big swing quarter for the year. How do things look so far in your jurisdictions and kind of like what you can see over the next couple of weeks. Just wondering if weather help in 3Q could materialize relative to what we saw earlier in the year? 
Dave Ruud: Yes, Jeremy. So far, we're seeing things start out pretty close to what we had expected. And so as you know, though, August and September can be really big months for us or really big swing months. So continue to watch that closely as the weather plays out. 
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. And just last one, if I could. I think for DTE Vantage, there was some opportunistic steel sales, and just wondering if you could expand a bit more on what that was in other -- are there other items like that, that we should look for to kind of service offsets? 
Dave Ruud: Yes. We're looking across our portfolio for offsets. And with the ones we have within our steel portfolio, represent that. We have some byproducts that we sell as a process of what we're doing within our steel business and our cope making. And we just got some opportunistic pricing and some really good pricing for that through the year that we've been able to take advantage of this year. And I'll say, Jeremy, across our whole portfolio, we continue to look for these onetime cost reductions and some of these opportunities like this to ensure that we can deliver for the year.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thank you for that.
Gerry Norcia: So just to add to that, we're also seeing some lift in RNG pricing, which is also creating some favorability at Vantage.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Understood. I’ll leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next now to Shahr Pourreza at Guggenheim. 
Shahr Pourreza: Hi, good morning. Good morning, David. [indiscernible]. Congrats on good quarter. So just kind of appreciating the challenging weather as Jeremy mentioned, and it looks like there was another $0.12 versus normal. How should we think about the flex O&M for the remainder of the year? And is there a need to kind of shift anything from what you embedded at the end of the first quarter? 
Dave Ruud: Yes. As we play out the year, we're looking for the opportunities across the business, again, to ensure that we can offset the challenges that we've seen through storm and weather as we go through the year. And so we're doing that across our portfolio. We as an extended leadership team, we're meeting weekly to ensure that we're finding all the opportunities we can and extinguishing all the risks. And through the year, we've been able to find some additional opportunities that have been able to offset the challenges that we've seen through weather and through the storm we saw in the first quarter. So we'll continue to look for that flex throughout the year. 
Gerry Norcia: Yes. And just to add color to some of the areas where we're diving into to look for these opportunities. We're taking full advantage of attrition. So we're only hiring critical operating roles to make sure that we have safe and reliable operations. Some of the other onetime initiatives are happening across all the staffs groups as well in terms of attrition. A significant reduction in overtime. We've deferred noncritical maintenance and pulling out some of the bank maintenance that we did when we had surpluses in prior years. We've had contractor workforce reductions. And then, of course, as Dave mentioned, we're seeing favorability, market favorability in our gas business as well as at Advantage and trading for that matter. In addition, we've also started to renegotiate supply chain contracts with long-term relationships to give us some value. So we we're hitting all the buttons and we're learning a lot about our company. And some of these will stick, but by far and large, most of them are one time, but I'm really proud of the team because we're hitting all the targets that we've given them to offset these significant headwinds. 
Shahr Pourreza: So I guess it would be fair to say kind of no big changes just executing on the plan from 1Q? 
Gerry Norcia: That's correct. 
Shahr Pourreza: Excellent. And then maybe shifting to efficient financing. Just how are you thinking about supporting credit metrics on a tighter capital market environment, especially as we continue to see high levels of investment in rate base growth? And just any thoughts on internal versus external balance sheet support? As you mentioned the Vantage assets are potentially helping. But maybe how are those -- the value of those assets stacking up against any future equity needs? 
Dave Ruud: Well, yes, if you look at our overall financing plan, we have some good headroom to our FFO to debt levels with the rating agencies. So we have some room there. And as we've said in our equity plan, our plan on equity is zero to $100 million over the next few years. So very low equity needs that we would do through internal methods. So we're seeing that we're still in a really good place on our balance sheet from both a debt and equity standpoint. 
Shahr Pourreza: Excellent. And maybe last one, housekeeping call out, following up on Jeremy's question on the rate case. There's been some data points on kind of higher ROEs that potentially the ranges that kind of have been recommended and that shows some recognition from stakeholders. Do you anticipate that, that will start to make an impact, whether in the '24 time frame or just in settlement negotiations? 
Gerry Norcia: Well, we've filed for high ROE. I mean it will be part of the settlement negotiations. The pattern, I think that we've seen from the commission in the past that it's slow up and a slow down. So it will be -- whatever happens, it will be extremely gradual. But certainly, we've asked for higher ROEs and that will be part of our settlement discussions.
Shahr Pourreza: Excellent. I appreciate it. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: We'll go next now to Julian Dumoulin-Smith at Bank of America. 
Heidi Hauchon: This is Heidi Hauchon for Julian. Thank you for taking my question.
Gerry Norcia: Good morning.
Dave Ruud: Hi, Heidi.
Heidi Hauchon: Good morning. Hi. Just my first question and kind of a follow-up to the rate case, what has been the ongoing stakeholder feedback to some of your proposals in the electric rate case like the IRM? And then following intervener testimony, are you exploring any incremental mechanisms such as, for example, ring-fencing of vegetation management spend or something similar? 
Gerry Norcia: Sure. So there's been certainly a positive support from the staff for the IRM and we're getting all the right signals that this is something that will be really valuable to our customers. And can help secure the investments that's necessary to move towards a more resilient and reliable grid. That one feels encouraging. In terms of ring-fencing tree, we've essentially done that already through past proceedings where a good portion of it is ring fenced. And we're executing against that plan. And actually in good years when we've had surpluses, we've even put more against tree trimming because we see it as a significant labor in terms of reducing customer outages. So I feel that our positions are productive, positions that we've seen in the various parties, and we're going to work hard to get towards a settlement before the middle of October. 
Heidi Hauchon: Great. Thank you. And then also, can you comment on weather adjusted sales trends year-to-date, and how this factors into low growth forecast or whether this is consistent with your expectations? 
Dave Ruud: Yes. Our sales have come in exactly as we expected on a weather-adjusted basis this year. If we look back to last year, residential sales are down about 3.5% to 4%. And that's really what we have predicted with people returning to work. Our commercial is down a little bit due to energy efficiency and some other things and our industrial is up as our plants in Michigan are experiencing a lot less downtime. So I think now we've seen that our sales are kind of at the right level or where they are with people return to work and kind of very consistent with what we have forecasted through the year. 
Heidi Hauchon: Thank you. That's helpful. And then just really quick last one from me. We've seen some reports this morning of storm causing outages in your service jurisdiction. Just wondering, I know it's early but can you comment on restoration efforts this morning and kind of severity of these storms relative to expected storm activity or normal storm activity? And then finally, on your level of confidence in achieving guidance in light of storms. I know we've touched on weather, but specifically on storms? Thank you.
Gerry Norcia: So we did have some storm weather moved in last night. Approximately 92% to 93% of our customers have power at this moment. And we've mobilized about almost 3,000 of our team members to address the storm conditions. So we'll ramp most of it up in the next couple of days. These types of storms are pretty typical in July and August. So nothing out of the ordinary at this point in time. In terms of achieving guidance, as I mentioned and Dave has mentioned, we have seen about $200 million of headwinds, and we have a plan that addresses these headwinds. And those headwinds included some of the firestorm activity and cooler weather that we experienced and warmer weather in the winter. Many of the initiatives will be onetime in nature, but we're learning, as I mentioned, a lot more about our company and which is good for us and good for our customers. And the team is achieving the plan right on top of the plant. We've asked them for some significant delivery on initiatives and they're delivering on that plan. So I'm proud of their accomplishments, and that will land us at the midpoint of our guidance. 
Heidi Hauchon: Great. Congrats on the results. 
Operator: We go next now to Michael Sullivan at Wolfe Research. 
Q – Michael Sullivan : I just had a quick one on the IRP. I was just wondering if we could get a little more color on -- you mentioned like studying technology to replace Monroe and kind of what that could look like? I think originally, in the plan, you may have had a gas plant with carbon capture in there. Did that end up making it into the official plan? Or what sort of other solutions are on the table there? 
A – Gerry Norcia : Yes. What we have settled on, Michael, was that we'd file another IRP in several years, and that would really be the, what I would say, the key topic for the last two units of Monroe, retiring those two in 2032. So the agreement between the parties and us, of course, was that look a lot could change in two or three years. But we will need a dispatchable resource there. We have proposed a combined cycle plan with carbon capture. And so we'll have to study that as an option amongst many other options, more batteries, more renewables. But definitely, very large resource that we count on from that part of the service territory to feed our industrial base in Detroit. And so we'll need a dispatchable resource that's going to be high quality and a 24/7 resource. So it will look like that. It would be maybe a mixture of -- it's just hard to tell right now where those studies will take us, but we agreed to study that together as a stakeholder group. So we've got time to do that one. 
Q – Michael Sullivan : Okay. Great. And then another one on the IRP. I think somewhere in there was mentioned potentially looking at IRA funding for the Belle River conversion. Can you talk a little bit about that and how that may help customers or your plan? 
A – Gerry Norcia : Go ahead, Dave. 
A – Dave Ruud: Yes. What we mentioned there for the Belle River conversion with some of the DOE funds that are now available for replacing or repowering energy infrastructure that gets ceased and it kind of fits right into what this Belle River conversion is. So along with some other capital investment opportunity we have, we're going to look right at Belle River and see if there's some DOE funding that can come in and they can give lower interest rate that can really help with customer affordability as we're building out our infrastructure renewal and clear generation plan. 
Q – Michael Sullivan : Okay. And any sense of timing on when that plays out when you know you can get the funds worked on? 
A – Dave Ruud: As we get closer, we'll know it will be over the next few years, those funds are available for I forget the timing four or five years on that. So we have some time to get that. But it's just an opportunity to get some lower interest rates for our customers and lower overall expense. 
A – Gerry Norcia: Mike, as you know, we have a long list of capital projects waiting to get into the plant. So as we find unique ways to finance some of it, it will allow us to accelerate our journey in other areas like, for example, with our grid. The more opportunity to find like that to make more headroom, we'll take full advantage of it. 
Operator: And we'll go now to David Arcaro at Morgan Stanley. 
Q – David Arcaro : I was wondering, just in your arsenal of cost-cutting measures or offset measures. I was wondering if there are financial tools that you might have at your disposal that you've considered? Just thinking that CMS, did a tender offer recently on one of their outstanding bonds, things like that? Are those things that you would consider for offsetting weather headwinds this year? 
A – Dave Ruud: We always look across the portfolio for opportunities. We've looked at convertible debt. We don't have much more corporate debt we need to do this year. And we'll look for other opportunities like that. But right now, we don't see a similar opportunity or what they brought up. And of course, anything we do, we want to make sure that we maximize the overall value for shareholders, too. 
Q – David Arcaro : Got it. And then separately, could you just give an update on what we could expect to see in the updated distribution grid plan this year and what the timing might be for that? 
A – Gerry Norcia : We will file that before the end of the year as required by the commission. And it will really address four major buckets. The continued surge of tree trim, which we expect to end in two years, but then we'll be more of a maintenance cycle. So that will be a key feature. What we call pull-top maintenance, which is replacement of press arms, insulators equipment that pulls themselves. That will be a big part of the plan on our aging system.  Third is automation, trying to accomplish full automation of the grid in five years, that will be a major component of the plan. As we've seen more frequent storms and more sizable storms over the years, automation will be a big lever for us to restoration of outages.  And then lastly, as I've mentioned before, 1/3 of our grid is quite old. It's a 4,800 volt system, and that was installed in the early 1900s through the '60s and we need to replace that, and that's about 16,000 miles.  So that will be also a part of this updated plan to really accelerate our journey to try and get that done over the next 15 or 20 years. So those are the major components that you'll see. There'll be other things there, but those will be the four big hitters in the distribution grade plan. 
Operator: We go next to now to Alex Mortimer at Mizuho. 
Q – Alex Mortimer: With the new commissioners focused on electric vehicles, how do you think about the upside for low CapEx and rate base above what you might currently have included in your plan? 
A – Gerry Norcia : Well, look, we're a big proponent of transportation electrification for several reasons. One is it's great for the environment. I mean the transportation sector I believe now the largest emitter of carbon in the economy. So I believe it's going to be very valuable for that.  But secondly, obviously, we get nice investment opportunity from that in the sense that it creates headroom for our investments as we see more load coming on. It is not fundamental just yet, but we expect that near the end of our 5-year plan, we'll start to see it be pretty significant contribution to margin growth. And that will help finance a lot of these large investments that we're making now to prepare ourselves for the electrification and transportation fleet as well as the deal with the inclement weather that we continue to see.  So we're pretty excited about it. We're happy that obviously, our new commissioner is very supportive of that agenda, but the other two commissioners are as well. So lots to do there. And we also have an administration that's quite supportive of electrification. So we're pretty excited about the prospects in the future. But like I said, it will start to become more impactful in our plan from a margin creation perspective later in the 5-year period. From an investment perspective, we're already investing against this opportunity. 
Q – Alex Mortimer: Okay. Understood. And then just given the additional headwinds present this quarter, should we essentially understand that all contingency has been exhausted at this point, and you now need normal weather for the balance of the year to achieve the stated goal midpoint of guidance? 
A – Gerry Norcia : I would say that contingency in the electric company has been exhausted, but some of our other BUs still have a bit of contingency, but we are relying on normal weather both from a temperature perspective and storm activity perspective. 
Q – Alex Mortimer: Okay. And then other than weather in a more kind of "normal year" kind of what would get you to the high middle and low point of your guidance? And is the bias still towards the middle in a more normal year? 
A – Gerry Norcia : I would say the bias is the -- our target and the bias is towards the midpoint at this point in time. 
Operator: Thank you. And it appears we have no further questions this morning. Mr. Norcia, I'd like to turn things back to you for any closing comments. 
Gerry Norcia: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'll just close by saying I hope everyone has a great morning and a safe day. 
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Norcia. Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude the DTE Energy Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Again, I would like to thank you all so much for joining us and wish you all a great remainder of your day. Goodbye.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the DTE Energy First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And finally, I would like to advise all participants that this call is being recorded. Thank you. I'd now like to welcome Barbara Tuckfield, Director of Investor Relations to begin the conference. Barbara, over to you.
Barbara Tuckfield: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind you to read the safe harbor statement on Page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix. With us this morning are Jerry Norcia, Chairman, President and CEO and Dave Ruud, Senior Vice President and CFO. And now, I'll turn it over to Jerry to start the call this morning.
Jerry Norcia: Thanks, Barbara, and good morning, everyone. And thanks for joining us. This morning I'll discuss the achievements we have made so far this year provide an update on our plans to achieve our 2023 targets and give an overview on the robust opportunities in our long-term plan. Dave will provide a financial update and wrap things up before we take your questions. Let me start on Slide 4 to discuss the storms we experienced in the first quarter starting with the worst ice storm in nearly 50 years which was immediately followed by a major snowstorm. We understand the impact to customers during power outages and our team worked around the clock to get the power back on safely. I want to express my appreciation to all of our DTE employees for their tireless efforts, along with our labor and community partners and the many others who supported our restoration efforts. It was all hands on deck at DTE for these two large storms. We had our front line working through dangerous ice and snowstorm conditions, restoring power and conducting damage assessments. We also had our office staff in the field ensuring public safety from downed wires. Our Gas team was going door-to-door, checking on thousands of seniors and vulnerable customers to make sure they were okay. Our call center agents worked tirelessly to provide customers, the latest information and escalate emergency matters. I am really proud and grateful for how our team showed up for our customers by keeping each other and our communities safe. Our foundation also showed up in a big way by contributing $3 million to replenish food pantries and reaching out through United Way to provide low-income customers with food vouchers at local grocery stores. We remain committed to supporting and delivering for all of our stakeholders including employees, customers, communities and shareholders. I always say that employee engagement drives our success and is the secret sauce of DTE. And our team continues to operate a top decile engagement levels as measured by the Gallup organization. I'm excited to say, we were recently recognized for this top engagement by earning the Gallup Great Workplace Award for the 11th consecutive year. In our effort to continue supporting our communities we partnered with one of the country's largest African-American and women-owned energy efficiency companies to launch the Energy Efficiency Academy. The academy provides training and placement for good paying jobs building a pipeline of talent that will help make our customers' homes, more energy efficient. And on the investor front we are executing on our plan to achieve our 2023 guidance and our long-term financial growth. As you know we are facing additional headwinds with the warm weather and the severe storms that I mentioned. The team has made excellent progress on the cost management work and we continue to find savings with our continuous improvement efforts and one-time initiatives across our portfolio of businesses. We are well positioned to continue to deliver the strong performance and premium growth that DTE is known for with long-term operating EPS growth of 6% to 8%. Let's turn to Slide 5 and discuss the extreme weather events that continue to increase in frequency. As you are aware, Michigan's weather has dramatically changed in recent years with storms that were once considered historic seemingly becoming the new normal. Earlier this year we experienced the most challenging two-week storm period we have ever faced as a company. The first storm that rolled through was the largest ice storm in our area in 50 years. It was followed by a heavy wet snow event the following week. As I mentioned, the ice storm was a very significant event. And having 80% to 90% or the vast majority of our system hold up extremely well through the storm is really a tribute to the investments we have made in the grid so far. We've invested $5.5 billion over the last five years to rebuild poles wires transformers and substations. We have also invested over $800 million in tree trimming over the last five years and we see great results from these investments. It is important that we continue to implement our learnings from these storms and we are implementing a plan that will be bolder in our approach to reducing the impact of these more intense weather events. We need to provide safe reliable affordable energy. Our customers expect this from us and we have the same expectation. And this can only be achieved through infrastructure investments. We agree with all of our stakeholders that we must work together to do more and we must do it faster. Having a resilient grid is critical to providing safe and reliable electricity, as well as enabling transportation electrification and achieving statewide decarbonization, as well as promoting economic development. We have been ramping up our strategic investments to prepare the system for the challenges and opportunities ahead. We know that the investments are having a positive impact and we are looking at ways to accelerate our efforts, while maintaining customer affordability. In communities where DTE completed some of our most focused work on the grid's more challenged infrastructure, customers experienced up to a 70% improvement in reliability. Significant long-term investment is needed to prepare our infrastructure for extreme weather and for increased demand from electrification and economic development. Our focus is to continue to make strategic investments in our grid. Let's turn to slide six to discuss some of these opportunities. We have invested heavily in our electric grid over the years, focusing on hardening infrastructure, replacing aging equipment and completely rebuilding parts of the grid that originated back in the early 1900s. You can see from the data that in areas where we make these investments we see reliability improvements. But to see the type of dramatic improvement we all want across our entire system, we must do more. We will invest $9 billion in the grid over the next five years to further harden the system through a focused strategy. First, we'll continue to invest and enhance tree trimming. We know that the majority of customer outages are due to trees contacting wires. We also know that areas where trees are trimmed perform significantly better than those not trimmed. Second, we will continue preventive maintenance and hardening on the existing infrastructure and continue updating the electric grid, specifically poles, wires and other equipment that makes the system more reliable and more resilient. Third, we will accelerate the complete rebuild of the older sections of our infrastructure. In some instances, it will make sense to pursue the undergrounding of our distribution system. In our most recent rate case, we requested two undergrounding pilots. Since the early 1970s new construction has been developed with underground wires with a-third of our system now underground. There is a significant opportunity to continue this important work on our electrical system and drive down the cost of undergrounding. Lastly, we will accelerate our work to achieve the full automation of the electric grid which will fundamentally reduce the duration of outages. Our distribution plan filed with the MPSC in 2021 envisioned this happening on the same time line as the grid rebuild, but the automation work must be accelerated to improve the performance of the grid for our customers in the near term. With our recent investments in the advanced distribution management system and our new system operations center being complete, we can now bring smart grid technologies into the field, which will enable us to more quickly and efficiently isolate outages on a circuit, so the impact of an outage can be minimized. Our goal is to fully automate the grid within five to six years. Increasing investment in our system is something we have done consistently over the years. We know how important these investments are to provide clean and reliable power to our customers. And we will continue to evaluate opportunities to accelerate investments while maintaining affordability. Now let's turn to slide 7. We are making great progress at each of our business units this year. At DTE Electric, the IRP and rate case proceedings continue to progress. We began settlement discussions on the IRP, which are very constructive and we continue with the audit and discovery process in the rate case. We recently announced that Meridian Wind Park is now operational. This is Michigan's largest wind park spanning three townships. The 225-megawatt wind park has 77 wind turbines and generates enough clean energy to power more than 70,000 homes. DTE Electric continued its progress on the highly successful voluntary renewables program with the recent addition of a 20-year contract with Toyota. We are seeing some promising ongoing economic development in the state, which will continue to drive growth in our service territory. Henry Ford Health System is planning a $2.5 billion investment in Detroit for a hospital expansion, research facility and neighborhood redevelopment in Detroit's New Center area. The University of Michigan and the Ilitch organization announced a commitment for a $1.5 billion investment for an innovation campus that will bring research and innovation firms together. These developments will take place across downtown Detroit including a development adjacent to our headquarters. We also expect to see a meaningful pickup in the potential domestic manufacturing within critical supply chain areas, including solar manufacturing and battery storage in order to comply with and benefit from domestic content requirements under the IRA. Such energy-intensive manufacturing businesses should translate into higher load growth in our service territory. A recent example of this is our next energy EV battery maker that is located in our service territory. And GM is investing $4 billion to convert its Orion Township assembly plant to produce full-size electric pickup trucks. These developments will directly support our ability to deploy more capital, while mitigating customer rate impacts by bringing a potential increase of 50 megawatts of new demand on our system. More broadly, this is also a positive for our Vantage business which has expertise in providing customized energy solutions for commercial and industrial customers. We are seeing increased activity and potential in this business line. Moving to DTE Gas, we completed over 70 miles of main renewal with a target of completing over 200 miles by the end of the year in continuing progress on accelerating the modernization of the gas transmission system. Another major accomplishment for our gas company is the completion of the final phase of a major transmission renewal project in Northern Michigan. This project included the installation of new pipe and facilities, modification work to provide supply redundancy for a growing market. DTE Vantage with a new RNG project and a custom energy solutions project in service and we continue to progress on our growth plan driven by a strong development pipeline in both RNG conversions and large custom energy solutions projects. With that, I'll turn it over to Dave to give you a financial update. Dave, over to you. 
Dave Ruud: Thanks, Jerry and good morning, everyone. Let me start on slide 8 to review our first quarter financial results. Operating earnings for the quarter were $274 million. This translates into $1.33 per share. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. I'll start the review at the top of the page with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $101 million for the quarter. This is $100 million lower than the first quarter of 2022. The main driver of the earnings variance is the storm restoration expense that we experienced from the significant events that Jerry described. We're also impacted by warmer weather and we experienced lower sales relative to 2022 with the continuation of people returning to work. The sales were consistent with our forecast. We also had higher rate base costs in the quarter and accelerated deferred tax amortization in 2022. This was all partially offset by the implementation of the onetime O&M cost reductions that we discussed on our year end call. Moving on to DTE Gas, operating earnings were $171 million, $25 million lower than the first quarter of 2022. Warm weather also had a significant impact on earnings at the gas company resulting in a variance of over $40 million quarter-over-quarter due to weather. The earnings decrease was also driven by higher rate base costs and was partially offset by lower O&M expenses. Let's move to DTE Vantage on the third row. Operating earnings were $27 million in the first quarter of 2023. This is a $13 million increase from the first quarter last year, primarily due to higher earnings from our renewables plants. On the next row you can see Energy Trading finished the quarter with a $26 million loss. The first quarter result is consistent with the estimate we provided on the year-end call. As I mentioned then this is primarily due to the contracts in our power physical business that included revenue based on fixed prices over the term of the transaction and then these transactions are hedged upon execution. The recognition of the fixed price revenue we received for energy in these contracts does not vary month-to-month while the recognized cost of energy is based on the energy curve, which is higher in January and February. This timing variance will unwind through the remainder of the year. We continue to feel confident about the performance in this segment this year. Finally, corporate and other was favorable $9 million quarter-over-quarter primarily due to the timing of taxes offset by higher interest expense. Overall, DTE earned $1.33 per share in the first quarter. Let's turn to slide 9 to discuss our 2023 guidance. As you can see from the slide, we added a red arrow to show that DTE Electric is experiencing headwinds this year and green arrows to show that we are seeing incremental opportunity in the other business units. Given our strong portfolio of businesses, we have plans in place to achieve our total operating EPS guidance midpoint of $6.25 per share, which provides 7% growth from the 2022 original guidance midpoint. I'll discuss the drivers for each business unit starting with DTE Electric. The weather and storms from the first quarter are a headwind to our outlook at DTE Electric. We did have contingency for one standard deviation of weather and we do budget for a certain level of storm activity. Earnings are also supported by the onetime O&M reductions I described during our year-end call. As I mentioned we budget for storm restoration costs and weather variance for the year. The catastrophic storms we've experienced combined with the warmer than normal weather have consumed the budgeted levels at the electric company for storm restoration and unfavorable weather. For the remainder of the year, we're assuming historical averages for weather and storms. Offsetting the headwinds to DTE Electric, the stronger performance at DTE Gas Vantage and Energy Trading. DTE Gas was impacted by the warm weather as well, but we anticipate stronger earnings at this segment for the year given focused onetime initiatives, weather contingency and we're also seeing higher customer sales. For DTE Vantage, we mentioned on the year-end call we'll likely see slightly stronger earnings in the back half of the year as new already secured projects come online. Additionally, the projected favorability of our projects is supporting stronger performance for this business unit. In Energy Trading, the timing variance experienced in the first quarter will unwind through the remainder of the year as we see favorability in our contracted, highly hedged power portfolio that provides additional upside to this business. Overall, we have plans in place to achieve our 2023 guidance as we find opportunities across our portfolio to overcome the weather and storm impacts that we experienced in the first quarter and we remain well-positioned to achieve our long-term growth. Let me wrap up on slide 10 and then we'll open the line for questions. In summary, through the remainder of the year, DTE will continue to focus on our team, customers, communities, investors. Although we experienced warmer than normal weather and severe storms in the first quarter, we are executing on our plan to achieve full year guidance without jeopardizing safety and reliability. Our robust capital plan supports our strong long-term operating EPS growth as we execute on the critical investment that we need to make for our customers to deliver cleaner generation and increase reliability while focusing on customer affordability. Our near and long-term plan supports our 6% to 8% operating EPS growth rate through 2027 and provides a dividend growing in line with operating EPS. With that, I thank you for joining us today and we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you Dave, and thank you Jerry for the presentation. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, team good morning, and thank you for taking my question.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning Jerry. Dave, the weather EPS impact is very clearly broken out on the slides. Maybe just can you give us a sense of how much of a headwind storm expenses were this year in the first quarter?
Dave Ruud: Sure. Like we said, we did see headwinds in our electric business from -- in the first quarter from both weather and storm and the storm is in there at -- it was $20 million. We also -- this storm was kind of a heavy one where it hit a lot of our wire, so it was a little heavier O&M. So after tax is around $70 million. But again, we see great opportunity in our other businesses through the year to kind of overcome those headwinds. And again, all the cost reduction work that we've been doing and kind of focused reductions has really been coming through too. So we've had these headwinds in the beginning of the year. We see great opportunities still to work through this. And with normal weather and storms through the end of the year be able to reach our guidance.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. And then maybe just can you comment on -- I mean you guys are pretty good at building up contingency and protecting your plan before the year begins. Can you comment on how much contingency you may have used up and sort of how much room you may have to flex as the year kind of progresses?
Dave Ruud: Yes. The first quarter the weather and storm we just talked about were pretty impactful. We came into the year with some challenges. So through the end of the year we need normal weather and storm along with some management actions to offset some of that. But we'll need normal weather and storm developed to hit our guidance.
Durgesh Chopra: Perfect. That's very helpful. And maybe just one last one. Can you sort of compare and contrast the weather-normalized residential sales trends that you're showing on slide 13? How does that compare in contrast to your rate case filing? I mean that's a pretty steep 4.5% decline quarter over last quarter on the residential sales front. And I know this was an issue in the last rate case.
Dave Ruud: Yes. Our sales that we're forecasting that have just come in they're in line with what we had in our budget, and they're really close to what we had in the current rate case as well. We did see people returning to work a little quicker in the first quarter than we had expected but that will -- we think that will balance off through the end of the year. So it's very consistent with what we saw what is filed in this rate case and a little below what we had in our previous rate case even.
Durgesh Chopra: Appreciate guys. Thanks so much, again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning. 
Dave Ruud: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jerry Norcia: Hi, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: I just want to bring maybe a little bit of a finer point to question on contingencies here. As you see the balance of the year you talked about the midpoint the target for the year for EPS. Does that assume kind of you've exhausted contingencies across segments, or are there still contingencies in place should something go adverse to plan?
Dave Ruud: Well, at our electric business, we've worked through the contingency for that we have for weather and storm combined. So -- but within our other businesses we are still seeing favorability that can continue to make up for that as we go through the year.
Jerry Norcia: The other thing we're seeing Jeremy, as well, as we initiated our continuous improvement efforts and cost reduction efforts we are seeing some favorability there as well, which will also be helpful. And just to be clear for everybody on the line, as we embarked on these cost reduction efforts, which most of them are one-time efforts to move through this year, we are investing at record levels in our distribution grid. This year we'll invest about $1.5 billion in our grid. And also we have not touched our tree trimming budgets, which both of those two combined are the most impactful things that we will do to make our grid more resilient and more reliable.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. So just to be clear there outside of Electric in the other segments, there are still contingencies that could that are not in plan yet that could be used should something move adverse to plan at this point?
Dave Ruud: Yes. So yes, that's what we've signaled is that there's favorability within those businesses that they can offset other things.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful there. And then just kind of pivoting away I guess to the RNG business within Vantage. Just wondering if you could talk a bit about how you see the opportunity set there kind of if you see higher competition. Just wondering how you think about returns and opportunity set at this point.
Jerry Norcia: Yes. Primarily our investment opportunities in RNG are driven by assets that are already under our control where we're converting existing landfills to produce RNG. And so that's where we're seeing opportunities. And those are still really nice returns, IRRs that are in sort of the north of 10% and into the teens in some instances unlevered after-tax. So those feel real good to us. We're also seeing a resurgence in our Energy Solutions area where we're – a lot of the sort of repatriation of industrial activity in the United States has given us opportunity to look at incremental investments with some of our large industrial partners. So we're also excited about that line of business.
Jeremy Tonet: That’s very helpful. I’ll leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Arcaro from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
David Arcaro: Good morning. Thanks so much for taking my question.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Dave Ruud: Hey, David.
David Arcaro: I wanted to see just if there's any appetite from your end or just within the state to pursue decoupling going forward either through a rate case or just overall is that a strategy or a regulatory structure that would be appealing? 
Jerry Norcia: Traditionally in our area even in the Midwest, that's not been a practice that's been widely adopted or endorsed. So we don't see that as a high probability outcome. We have not asked for it because it's not something that there seems to be appetite for at this point in time. 
David Arcaro: Got it understood. And thinking – I was curious to your view on as you pursue onetime savings initiatives this year the onetime being you obviously get them reversing going forward are you thinking about 2024? Is there a certain kind of level of headwind or natural offset into 2024 such that there's any risk going forward if you dig too deep on the onetime cuts this year? 
Jerry Norcia: Well, certainly, the one-time reductions will be reversed. And just to be clear again these one-time reductions are not areas that would have significant impact on reliability and certainly not safety. And we will look through our continuous improvement initiatives to see how much of that can stick. Obviously, that's something that we're always looking for to make our operations more efficient through our continuous improvement initiatives. And as you know any time you embark on one of these initiatives you do find opportunity. So we'll look to try and make some of those continuous improvement initiatives stick but many of them will be – if at all will be reversed.
David Arcaro: Yes. Got it understood. I was wondering, how are you thinking kind of strategically about how to manage the more extreme weather that you've been facing in Michigan. I'm wondering if – you've obviously laid out a number of CapEx pursuits in O&M targeting. Is this something that you could bring as kind of a separate initiative to the commission whether it's some kind of undergrounding plan or just whether resiliency type of a plan, or would you expect it to go through the more traditional rate case process over time? 
Jerry Norcia: Well, we have two processes and that's a great question. One is we do have to update our distribution grid plan for the commission this year, and we're in the process of doing that. And as you said, we really have several realities facing our grid investments. One is what used to be historic storms that happened every 50 years or every 100 years have now become more frequent seem to be happening every three to five years, so that's one reality. The second reality is that we've got significant demand growth opportunity that we're facing with the electrification of the transportation fleet. And we're also seeing, what I would call high levels of economic development in our state, especially as the auto industry starts to retool and rebuild to build electric vehicles. So when we think about all of that and we think about our five-year plan and 10- and 15-year plans going forward, several things really come out. One is our five-year plan right now is projecting approximately $9 billion of investment going into the grid. And there's really three fundamental areas. One is continued grid hardening. Also the full rebuild of our lower voltage system our 4.8 kV system. We have approximately 16,000 miles of 4.8 kV system in our grid and that will need to be rebuilt. It is the oldest part of our grid and the need for rebuild is driven by several things. One is age and the need to modernize, but secondly, also the ability to accommodate incremental demand through electrification of the transportation sector, as well as the economic development activity that we're seeing. So those are -- so that's number two. Number three, we were pursuing full automation over this period of rebuild 15 to 20 years. But with the reality of the new storm activity that we're seeing on a more frequent basis, we want to accelerate that to five to six years, which is the full automation of our grid. What that will do is, it will fundamentally move the duration of outages and that's where we need to make the most improvement in our grid in the near term. And of course, the level of investment that we're making in tree trim, we're five years through a seven-year very aggressive tree-trimming program where over the last five years, we've invested $800 million in tree trim. And we'll continue at that pace for two more years and then we'll return to a more normal pace of aggressive tree trimming once we've sort of removed the backlog if you will. So those are the fundamental things that you'll see in our distribution grid plan. And then obviously, as we get support and endorsement for that, that will formulate the basis of our rate cases going forward. So it's a very good process here in Michigan. We're -- we attempt to get alignment around our distribution grid plan and then we -- each year, we take out a piece of that plan if you will in our rate cases.
David Arcaro: Okay. Great. Thanks so much for all the color.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Michael Sullivan from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Michael Sullivan: Hey guys, good morning. Jerry, so maybe just picking up on that last one. Is there any way some of the things you're thinking about on reliability spend can be factored into the currently pending electric rate case, or do you kind of have to wait till this distribution grid plan gets filed and then fold it into future cases?
Jerry Norcia: Well, some of the -- certainly the grid hardening is already in our plan in this current rate case. The tree trimming is in our current rate case that's in front of the commission. The beginning of a 4.8 kV rebuild is in our rate case. And actually, as part of the infrastructure renewal mechanism or the tracker that we're proposing that we feel there's strong support for is to start tracking capital investments for this rebuild. And the full automation, the acceleration of that is not in our current rate case, but we're going to start anyway. We think this is still fundamental that we're happy to start this investment and pull forward this investment. And there may be some regulatory lag with that, but it won't be significant. And the other thing that I wanted to mention Michael this 4.8 kV rebuild, we're going to get really aggressive on trying to understand how much of this we can put underground. We've got -- the way I look at it is, we're going to rebuild 16,000 miles of grid, the older portions of our grid and we should attempt to put as much of that underground as possible as economically feasible. And that's something we're going to start experimenting with. We have several pilots that are in this current rate case that we're hopeful that the commission will approve and that will start to get our feet wet. And I've actually met with the mayor of Detroit, Mike Duggan. Him and I have talked about how we start that in Detroit and really start to experiment with that as he replace water main and we replace gas pipe and we try to attempt to create some synergies here with infrastructure renewable in the city of Detroit.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. That's really helpful. And maybe just like with all this incremental spend, how we should just be thinking about the CapEx budget and customer rate impacts? Are there other things that get shifted out or do you see incremental headroom to absorb some of this additional spend on the grid?
Jerry Norcia: Well, we've got $9 billion in our five-year plan. And this year we'll invest $1.5 billion in the grid. And we feel that to accelerate -- the piece that will get accelerated here fundamentally is automation. We're going to try to find that opportunity inside the $9 billion by becoming more efficient with our capital deployment. But we'll update -- we may also have to increase it modestly over the next five years, but we'll update that in likely in November at EEI.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Great. And then last thing I just wanted to circle back to the quarter results and the guide. So, I guess just to confirm if we do get more storms or mild weather at the electric business over the summer how much more can be absorbed there or should we think about that as it starts to become too much to offset? 
Jerry Norcia : Well we have storm budget left obviously, as we try to move forward in our plan here for the summer. We have assumed normal weather. If we get cooler-than-normal weather it will put pressure on the plan and we'll have to look for other opportunities. But Dave, do you want to add any color to that? 
Dave Ruud: I think that's right. We are looking -- if we have normal storm and normal weather we're in a good place to hit our guidance. But again, we'd have to find some more offsets, if things are outside of the normal. 
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel from Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Andrew Weisel: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Jerry Norcia : Good morning, Andrew.
Dave Ruud: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: First question on the reliability spending and automation in particular should we expect structural day-to-day O&M savings from these investments? I think the primary goal is to reduce outages but would these come with mitigant customer vol pressure? 
Jerry Norcia : Yes. It's a great question. As you think about automation just to describe it quickly, you have interruption caused by a tree falling on a wire and taking wires out between two poles for example. And what automation gives you the opportunity to do is to isolate that outage and restore customers on both sides of that outage. So instead of having 1,000 customers waiting 24 or 48 for restoration you can reduce that impact to perhaps 100 or 150 customers waiting so that damage is repaired. So that one makes the restoration faster so it starts to kill duration, if you will of outages which is where we need to make the most improvement to be best-in-class, if you will in the industry. And then secondly Andrew in terms of efficiencies it points you to the location of the outage so that you can properly go there more quickly. Like right now, we have to patrol the circuit and look for the outage and that could be in the middle of the night which consumes hours. And that just means it's more hours that people are patrolling more costs of restoration. So it will make the restoration efforts more efficient and lower cost. 
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. Then the follow-up to that one is you mentioned a few different buckets of reliability spending. In terms of dollars and potential impacts, where do you see the most opportunity or the most value?
Jerry Norcia: The most significant investment will really be in two areas. And I believe the first the top one would be the 4.8 kV rebuild. I mean, 16,000 miles of rebuild over the next 15 to 20 years will be the most significant investment we've ever made in our grid. And this is a portion of the grid that was built anywhere from the 1940s to the early 1960s if you will. And secondly is the grid hardening. We've got 46,000 miles of total circuit miles and 16,000 is the 4.8 kV and approximately another 15,000 to 16,000 is the 13.2 kV system which is a newer system, and newer meaning it was built in the early 1970s. And into the modern times here we need to make sure that that's hardened because some of that equipment is getting old as well. So we need to replace poles we need to replace pole-top equipment wires, transformers and so on, and so forth. So -- and automate that. Those are going to be the two major buckets of investment in the grid. But the automation will also be a significant investment but it won't be as big as the rebuild and hardening that we need to do.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. That's really helpful. And just one last one, if I may. Deferred fuel balances can you talk about where that stands versus year-end levels?
Dave Ruud: Yeah. On our PSCR, we are collecting some this year. We were down we were about $400 million cash last year that we're going to be collecting this year and over next year. And then our GCR has come way down. Our gas balances has come way down in price. So that was at around $5 last year and it's now come down into like $3 without a balance there.
Andrew Weisel: All right. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Mortimer from Mizuho. Your line is open.
Alex Mortimer: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for the time. 
Jerry Norcia: Hi, Alex.
Dave Ruud: Good morning.
Alex Mortimer: Good morning. I was hoping you could provide some color on kind of how the O&M cuts -- the onetime O&M cuts are going thus far. I believe you said on the 4Q call that you had about $120 million of cuts. So any clarity on where you stand within that number as things stand today given the challenging weather and storm activity from Q1?
Dave Ruud: Yeah, that's a good question. We came into the year with that challenge and went through our normal process of how we would go about that and setting some good targets and budgets for our teams and we're well on our way to achieving that. In fact, we're overachieving a little bit as we've started the year. And again these are -- we've taking advantage of attrition reduced some of our contractor workforce limit over time and then shifted some of our less time-critical work. So it's really going very well for us. We're hitting our numbers. Again, we're not doing anything that impacts our customers, impacts reliability. In fact, we're continuing to invest a lot in everything we need to do to improve and help reliability. But across our business, we're seeing these reductions like really take hold. 
Alex Mortimer: Okay. Understood. And then that $120 million is to hit the midpoint of guidance, correct?
Dave Ruud: Yes, that was putting us on target to hit the midpoint. 
Alex Mortimer: Okay. Thank you. And then just kind of quickly flipping to the rate case side. It seems like the two big issues in the last electric rate case were kind of a lack of precedent for your forecasting methodology and then a lack of extensive back testing. It looks like you revised your forecasting methodology slightly in this new case in a direction that seems more aligned with what you've traditionally used in the past. But if you could provide any color on how you believe you've addressed commission intervenor concerns sort of as we work through this current case it would be appreciated.
Dave Ruud: Particularly on sales forecasting. And what we had in the last rate case, we are actually seeing the sales come in kind of similarly to what we had forecasted in fact a little below that. The methodology change you're talking about is we're using some Google mobility data that would help us determine the percentage of people coming back to work. That's not available anymore. So we use what's this badge-like data which is from Kastle. And it's really just as accurate or more accurate. But I would say about our forecasting we're doing a good job. We're right on with what we submitted in the rate case, but there's also a lot less variability in how the forecasting will be done now because we are kind of working through this return to work. And so we don't really expect there to be the big variations in forecast across groups as we go through this next rate case.
Alex Mortimer: Understood. Yeah, definitely coming out of a challenging time makes it more simpler, more straightforward I'd imagine. And then just finally on the rate case front. With Commissioner Phillips leaving the MPUC in the coming months, can you give any clarity on what the process looks like if one of the commissioners leaves sort of halfway through your case does his replacement get to rule on this current case, or sort of how we should think about this development playing out?
Jerry Norcia: Yeah. What will happen is that the governor and her staff will appoint a new commissioner to replace Commissioner Phillips and of course we wish Commissioner Phillips all the best in his future endeavors. So that's what will happen. If one is not appointed two can rule on the rate case and the IRP that's in front of the commission for our company. And I guess the last question you had yes the new commissioner would have the opportunity to weigh in depending on timing of course. If it's late in the process of one or both proceedings then typically they may not choose to participate. But if they have enough time to spend with the case then they typically do rule on it.
Alex Mortimer: Okay. Thanks so much. That’s all for me. Congrats on a good quarter.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Fowler from UBS. Your line is open.
Ross Fowler: Good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Ross.
Ross Fowler: Good morning. So Dave, you've talked about sort of this -- these onetime O&M cuts this year to get back in the range and mitigate some of the storms. Obviously, Jerry you talked about reviewing that as you move forward to what's permanent and what sticks and what's sort of onetime as you look through all of it. I imagine you're going to have to have that conversation with the commission as well. Just maybe give us some color and context as we look forward into that conversation of how that conversation has gone in the past, right? There's going to be a debate about what's onetime and what's more permanent? 
Jerry Norcia : Absolutely. And those conversations are happening and also are continuing to happen with the staff at the commission to create understanding as to what's onetime and what's permanent. So I think it's a work in progress, Ross, with the commission staff. And ultimately, there will be a decision hopefully a settlement here that addresses not only O&M, but also the other features of our capital investment plans so -- and our capital structure and returns and so on and so forth. But we're hopeful that we will have settlement in this case and we'll work really hard to make that happen. We're actually encouraged by what's happening in the IRP. We seem to be progressing conversations there. So we're going to take the same approach with the rate case. 
Ross Fowler : Thanks for that. And then following up on sort of Commissioner Phillips. I know every time this happens it's a little bit different, but is there a general like average time it's taken to replace a commissioner when this has happened in the past, or should we not look to that as a guidepost for proving the -- this individual process? 
Jerry Norcia : I know the process is underway and there's already -- my understanding, obviously, we're not on the other side of this, but my understanding is that there's already a list of candidates that are being considered. And so we're encouraged by that that the Governor's Office is moving quickly on this. So I would expect in several months that we would have a new commissioner unless there's difficulty that's encountered in finding the right candidate. And I think they're being -- my understanding is that they're being really as they always are selective about who they put on the commission. In light of the fact that this is a historic time for utilities in Michigan in terms of investment and really rebuilding the way we deliver energy and also the way we produce energy, so it's a really historic time in terms of transitioning the state to a much cleaner and more reliable future. 
Ross Fowler : Yes, it’s great color, Jerry. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Jerry for closing remarks. 
Jerry Norcia : Thank you. Well, thank you everyone for joining us today. I'll just close by saying I'm excited about the opportunities that we have ahead of us to further strengthen our electric grid, and prepare for increased demand for electrification of our system, as well as really transforming the way we produce power, the way we deliver gas. We are in a historic period at DTE and in our state. So we will also continue executing on our plan to achieve our goals in 2023, and remain well positioned for future growth. I hope everybody has a great morning, and I look forward to seeing all of you at AGA in a few weeks. Thank you. 
Operator: This now concludes today's conference call. Enjoy your day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Brent, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DTE Energy Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn today's call over to Barbara Tuckfield, Director of Investor Relations. Ma'am, please go ahead.
Barbara Tuckfield: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind you to read the safe harbor statement on Page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements.  Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix.  With us this morning are Jerry Norcia, Chairman, President and CEO; and Dave Ruud, Senior Vice President and CFO. And now I'll turn it over to Jerry to start the call this morning.
Gerardo Norcia: Thanks, Barb, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I hope everyone is having a healthy and safe year so far. This morning, I'll start by giving you a recap on our outstanding 2022 business performance, provide highlights on how we are well positioned for 2023, and give an overview on the robust opportunities in our long-term plan.  Dave Ruud will provide a financial update and wrap things up before we take your questions. I'll begin on Slide 4. We delivered another solid year for all our stakeholders in 2022, which included delivering strong financial results, continuing our excellent track record of creating shareholder value for our investors.  I continue to be impressed by our amazing team that delivers exceptional service to our customers and to each other. I always say that employee engagement is the secret sauce that drives our success at DTE. And our team continues to operate at top decile engagement levels as measured by the Gallup organization.  This engagement was recognized by earning the Gallup Great Workplace Award for the 10th consecutive year, and is evidenced in a way our team shows up every day. Our team continued to deliver for our customers in 2022. I am very proud that DTE Gas is ranked first in residential customer satisfaction as measured by J.D. Power.  This recognition signifies our strong commitment to our customers. We also undertook a number of initiatives to continue to improve electric reliability and we see that paying dividends for our customers. We invested more than $1 billion in our electric grid last year to help improve reliability for our customers.  In 2022, the electric grid operated without incidence 99.9% of the time. Across DTE's electric service territory, customers experienced 21% fewer power interruptions in 2022 versus 2021, and the average outage duration time was down more than 40%.  In communities where DTE completed some of our most focused work on a grid's more challenged infrastructure, customers experienced up to a 70% improvement in reliability. 2022 was a record year for investment in our grid and the result was stronger reliability.  In addition, our field crews continued their focus on grid resilience, and trimmed more than 6,500 miles of trees as we continue on our accelerated tree trim program. It's clear that as we invest in a grid, our customers benefit with improved performance and more reliable power.  For our broader community, we continue to be the largest producer of an investor in renewable energy in the state of Michigan. We also added significant additional MIGreenPower customers through our voluntary renewable energy program continue on our path to decarbonization.  In 2022, we invested $2.5 billion with Michigan businesses, creating and sustaining more than 11,000 jobs across the state. And on the investor front, 2022 was another strong financial year. We delivered operating EPS growth of over 10% from our 2021 original guidance midpoint.  And we are well positioned to continue to deliver the strong performance and premium growth that DTE is known for. As you know, we received an order from the Michigan Public Service Commission on our electric rate case last November. Although there were a lot of positive aspects to the outcome for which we are very grateful for, we were disappointed by the projected residential sales volume in the final order.  Accordingly, we have implemented a series of one-time O&M actions to address this challenge that will support us delivering the midpoint of our operating EPS guidance range, consistent with the early outlook we provided in November. Dave will go into a lot more detail on the O&M actions that we are taking.  DTE and the MPSC share a mutual system, bringing affordable, reliable and cleaner energy to our state and our customers. And the residential sales volume will be reviewed in our recently filed rate case. For 2023, our operating EPS guidance delivered 7% growth from the original 2022 guidance midpoint, and our long-term EPS growth target is 6% to 8%. We are confident in our ability to deliver that growth for our investors.  Let's turn to Slide 5. We are making significant customer-focused investments to build the grid of the future and invest in cleaner generation, while modernizing the gas transmission and distribution system.  We increased our 5-year utility capital plan by 20% or $3.5 billion over last year's plan. And over the next 10 years, we plan to invest $45 billion in our 2 utilities. The focus of these investments continues to be infrastructure renewal and cleaner generation at DTE Electric.  While at DTE Gas, our plan includes main renewal and base infrastructure investments, as we accelerate the modernization of the gas transmission and distribution system. Now I will highlight some of the successes at our electric company and go through the details of our electric capital plan on the next slide.  In 2022, we made significant progress on our path to cleaner generation and a more reliable grid. We continued the strong growth in our MIGreenPower power program, signing 2 of the largest utility renewable contracts in the country with Ford Motor Company and Stellantis.  We have currently 2,250 megawatts subscribed to this program, supported by 900 businesses and 85,000 residential customers, and it continues to grow daily and exceed expectations. In 2022, we retired 2 coal plants. The shift from coal to natural gas and renewables supports cleaner energy and helps further reduce O&M costs.  Our diverse energy mix helps us reduce fuel costs as well and allows us to maintain flexibility to adapt to future technological advancements. Our 5-year plan for cleaner generation is $2 billion higher than the previous plan, including $1 billion for voluntary renewables and $1 billion for solar related to our integrated resource plan.  We increased our distribution infrastructure investments by $1 billion. We continue to modernize our electric grid to prepare for increased extreme weather and load growth that we're anticipating from EV adoption.  Let's turn to Slide 7 and go into additional details on what supports this plan. Supporting our 5-year utility capital plan is the integrated resource plan we filed in November with the commission. The IRP accelerates our generation transformation to achieve carbon emission reductions at DTE Electric of 85% by 2035, 90% by 2040 and net zero by 2050.  This is a significant acceleration from our prior plan. This filing provides updates on our path for decarbonization and our commitment to continue providing cleaner, more reliable, affordable energy to our customers.  The IRP supports the mission economy and tax base with power generated in our home state, invest $9 billion over the next 10 years into Michigan's economy, and reduces the cost of our clean energy transition by $1.4 billion from our prior plan.  We will pursue a settlement in this case, and we will have an outcome in the second half of this year. The IRP and our investments in cleaner generation are supported by the inflation Reduction Act or the IRA. The IRA includes a lot of positive elements for DTE that benefit both our utility and non-utility businesses.  We continue to focus on customer affordability as we go forward with our robust investment plan. Our commitment to a continuous improvement culture gives us confidence we will maintain our affordability goals, and the IRA will help enable affordability throughout our plan.  Just a couple of weeks ago, we filed a rate case that underpins investments in system reliability, grid modernization and cleaner generation investments. We intentionally did not request a base rate increase during the COVID pandemic to assist customers with affordability.  Since 2020, we invested more than $8 billion in DTE Electric system while keeping base rates nearly flat. In order to continue to make progress that our customers expect and account for the significant investments we have made in the grid and cleaner generation, the electric company needed to file a rate case.  After 4 years of essentially no base rate increases, we are requesting an increase that would go into effect at the end of 2023. This request supports investments in Michigan to improve reliability and deliver clean energy while maintaining affordable rates.  The majority of the request in this filing is attributable to capital investments, sales reductions and the cost of debt. We are committed to working with all interested parties to pursue a settlement that strikes the right balance between continuing to increase reliability and providing cleaner energy for our customers, all the while maintaining affordability.  We also filed for an infrastructure recovery mechanism, or an IRM, in the case. Modeled after our DTE Gas IRM, the electric IRM would allow us to recover the cost of grid infrastructure investments between rate cases. It is our objective that as the IRM grows over time, it would help stretch the time between rate cases as it does for DTE Gas.  Let's move to Slide 8 and discuss DTE Gas. At DTE Gas, we are continuing main renewal for reliability improvements and further greenhouse gas emission reductions as well as replacing aging transmission equipment. We successfully completed 220 miles in 2022 and have a target of 200 miles in 2023.  We are targeting a reduction of 65% of our greenhouse gas emissions by 2030 and net zero by 2050. As I mentioned earlier, DTE Gas is ranked #1 in residential customer satisfaction, of which we are very proud and thank our DTE team for this tremendous accomplishment.  Let's move to Slide 9 to discuss DTE Vantage. We continue to make significant progress in project development. In 2022, we placed an RNG project and another customer energy solutions project in service. In 2023, we are placing 3 new RNG projects and 1 custom energy solutions project in service. We also recently executed a new long-term fixed fee agreement with Ford Motor Company for its new electric vehicle and battery manufacturing complex.  This complex, which is expected to be in service in 2024, will be Ford's largest EV manufacturing facility in North America. DTE will invest over $200 million, provide steam, hot and chilled water to Ford, and electricity to Tennessee Valley Authority.  We are consistently growing earnings by over $15 million annually with capital investments of $1 billion to $1.5 billion in the 5-year plan. This is underpinned by federal and California low carbon fuel standards and the IRA, which supports a very robust pipeline of projects in both the RNG and custom energy solutions areas.  We remain confident in continued growth at this segment. With that, I'll turn it over to Dave to give you a financial update. Dave, over to you.
David Ruud: Thanks, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. As Jerry said, we completed another very successful year in 2022, and we are well positioned for 2023 and future growth. I'll start on Slide 10 to review our 2022 financial results.  Operating earnings for the year were $1.2 billion. This translates into $6.10 per share, placing us at the high end of the guidance range that we had increased during the year. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix.  I'll start the review at the top of the page with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $961 million for the year. This was $97 million higher than 2021, driven by the non-recurring $90 million pre-tax tree trim deferral that we did in 2021 to further accelerate our reliability improvement. We also had the accelerated deferred tax amortization in 2022 that was implemented to delay our rate case filings and avoid increasing customer base rates. These earnings increases were partially offset by higher rate base costs and residential sales that were lower in 2022.  Moving on to DTE Gas. Operating earnings were $272 million, $58 million higher than 2021. The earnings variance was due to the implementation of base rates and cooler weather, partially offset by higher rate base costs.  Let's move to DT Vantage on the third row. Operating earnings were $93 million in 2022. This is an $83 million decrease from last year due to the sunset of the REF business at the end of 2021, partially offset by higher custom energy solutions and RNG earnings in 2022.  On the next row, you can see energy trading earnings were lower year-over-year, primarily due to the performance of the power portfolio. This was partially offset by strong physical gas performance. Energy trading earnings were $14 million for 2022. Finally, corporate and other was favorable $1 million year-over-year.  Overall, DTE earned $6.10 per share in 2022, representing 10% growth from our 2021 original guidance midpoint. So another strong year, putting us in a great position for the future.  As we have stated in the past, we attribute this continued success to our proven planning process, which includes a detailed 5-year plan that is constructed with lean and invest plans across the portfolio.  Let's move to Slide 11 to discuss this process before we review 2023 guidance. As we have discussed before, our most senior executives meet weekly to review our financial plan for the current year and the following year.  In this robust planning process, we develop a base plan plus lean and invest plans that we can implement if we realize risks or opportunities throughout the year. Before we receive the rate case order in November, we had a base plan that achieved our growth targets, taking into account all the macroeconomic headwinds we were seeing, including increased interest rates and inflation.  Since receiving the order on the rate case, we've enhanced our plan to address the additional challenge and we are implementing actions from our lean plan, including a number of onetime cost reductions that are not sustainable over the long term. These initiatives are all in areas where we have achieved success in the past like during the start of the pandemic, and during the last recession.  These actions include delaying hiring, reducing our contractor workforce, deferring maintenance work in the short term and limiting overtime accordingly. Through taking these actions, we remain confident that we will achieve our financial goals for the year without sacrificing safety, reliability or customer service.  Let's turn to Slide 12 to discuss our 2023 operating earnings guidance. We are well positioned to deliver another successful year in 2023. Our operating EPS guidance midpoint of $6.25 per share provides 7% growth from our 2022 original guidance midpoint.  Growth at DTE Electric will be driven by distribution and cleaner generation investments and supported by the O&M reductions I just described. DTE Gas will see continued customer focused investment in main renewal and other infrastructure improvements.  DTE Vantage growth will be driven by a strong development pipeline in RNG and custom energy solutions projects. At Vantage, as we go through 2023, we will see the timings for the earnings is back-end loaded towards the third and fourth quarters as new already secured projects come online.  At Energy Trading, earnings guidance is $20 million to $30 million for the year. I do want to point out that forecasted earnings are expected to be negative in the first quarter and reversing through the year. This is primarily due to the accounting recognition of contracts in our power physical business that have revenue based on fixed prices over the term of the transaction and then these transactions are hedged on execution.  The recognition of the fixed price revenue we received for energy in these contracts does not vary month-to-month, while the recognized cost of energy is variable based on the energy curve that is highest in January and February.  This timing variance in Q1 could be a loss of $20 million to $30 million, but will unwind through the remainder of the year. Overall, we continue to feel confident about our 2023 guidance across our businesses and we are well positioned for future growth.  Let's turn to Slide 13 to discuss our balance sheet strength. We continue to focus on maintaining solid balance sheet metrics. Due to our strong cash flows, DTE has little to no equity issuances in the plan. We have a strong investment-grade credit rating and target an FFO to debt ratio of 15% to 16%. We increased our 2023 dividend by 7.6%, continuing our track record of over 100 consecutive years of paying cash dividend.  Let me wrap up on Slide 14, and then we'll open the line for questions. In summary, we achieved great success in 2022 across all of our business lines. We have a solid plan for 2023, targeting 7% operating EPS growth from our 2022 original guidance midpoint.  Our robust capital plan supports our 6% to 8% long-term operating EPS growth while delivering cleaner generation and increased reliability for our customers. DTE continues to be well positioned to deliver the premium total shareholder returns that our investors have come to expect with strong utility growth and a dividend growing in line with operating EPS.  With that, I thank you for joining us today, and we can open up the line for questions.
Gerardo Norcia: Dave and Brent, before we open it up for questions, I would just like to let the community -- investment community know that we had one of our largest ice storms roll through our service territory yesterday and across the whole state of Michigan.  And we've got over 400,000 customer outages at this point in time. And I want to give a shout out to our people. Over 2,000 people were in the field today, first thing this morning, dealing with this on a safe -- and trying to restore our customers safely and as quickly as possible.  We understand certainly the inconvenience that this causes our customers, but again, our goal with several thousand people in the field this morning is to restore our customers as quickly and as safely as possible.  So with that, let's open up for the first question, Brent.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Constantine Lednev: It's actually Constantine here for Shar. Congrats on a great quarter. Certainly appreciate the disclosures around the lower revenue approval. Can you maybe just talk about the changes that are now embedded in that reiterated '23 guidance? And maybe just contrasting with prior years, I think you called out around $100 million of kind of contingency flex. So what would be a good proxy for '23, specifically as we think about lean actions? And what portion was built up in '22, like weather and reinvestment versus more recurring and prospective reductions?
Gerardo Norcia: So as Dave mentioned when we had prepared our plans in the fall, prior to the rate case, we had adequate contingency in our plans and had anticipated some of the headwinds from interest expense and inflation.  When we received the rate order, it created an incremental approximately $120 million challenge to our plan. And so we go deep into our lean plans and started to exercise our main plans immediately, which is a practice that many of you are familiar with, that we undertake. And the areas that basically we pursued were delaying hiring, reducing contractor workforce and placing our employees into those roles, reducing over time significantly, and deferring maintenance work without sacrificing safety or quality of service.  And as you know, when we have years where we experienced favorable outcomes like last year, we start to invest heavily in our maintenance practices. And so this year, we'll be drawing on those banks, if you will.
David Ruud: And I'll just add to that. As soon as we knew that this rehearing was a possibility or that we saw the sales, we went into action building our plans. And now we're tracking this daily in a lot of times and weekly, and we're executing on our plans really well so far this year.
Constantine Lednev: Excellent. And following up on the parent guidance and wholesale debt, as you mentioned, it looks like '23 is relatively flat to '22. Can you talk about the interest rate assumptions and refinancing needs that you're embedding at this point, utility bonds continue to hover in the high 5s range? And is that fully embedded in both the '23 guidance and the reiterated 6% to 8%?
David Ruud: Yes, it is. At the highest level, we've incorporated increasing interest rates in our plans for our 5-year plan. At the holding company, right, we don't have any retirements in '23 other than this $800 million of outstanding term loan. And for that, we've entered into some floating defects to make sure we reduce any exposure to interest rate volatility in '23. And then in '24 and '25 and beyond, we've conservatively modeled rates in our plan and look for opportunities to bring that in even more favorably as we go forward.
Constantine Lednev: Excellent. And last quick one, just housekeeping on the DTE Vantage side. Have you seen any shifts in economics and valuation in the business as it relates to specifically the non-solutions businesses like RNG?  We've seen a lot of new entrants and private equity engagement on that front. So kind of does that make it more or less attractive versus development like carbon capture or any other emerging solutions?
Gerardo Norcia: I can start, and Dave can add. Certainly, we're seeing very aggressive values for RNG transactions. That's encouraging in terms of value for our assets. And we are starting to look at a handful of opportunities in carbon cash in storage, especially with the IRA providing significant tax credit uplift in that business.  And we're looking at very small projects to sort of get our feet wet, if you will, in that process with our expertise in storage and pipeline work as well as processing.  So Dave, do you want to add to that?
David Ruud: I agree. I think -- all I was going to add is that the IRA has made some of these projects more attractive. So we do see some additional competition, but we also have some of our own -- our own landfill gas projects that we can work for conversions that can be very attractive for us in the future, too.
Constantine Lednev: And just any thoughts on capital rotation within that business or more kind of toe-in-the-water approach?
Gerardo Norcia: At this point in time, there's no definitive plans for capital rotation, but I -- we're constantly looking at those types of opportunities. We've got a track record of rotating capital out of our non-utility businesses and helping to fund some of our utility work.  At this point, you would notice that we have very little equity needs. So we're trying to certainly match up sort of financing needs with potential rotations in the future. So we'll see more to come on that as we go, but certainly always open to anything that creates accretion opportunities for our investors.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Nick Campanella with Credit Suisse.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Steve for Nick today. Yes. So first question is on the regulatory strategy. As you mentioned, to continue practice of pursuing a settlement with all stakeholders. Could you just update us on this front? And how should we view this new rate case filing just different from the last one filed earlier last year? Also recognizing PSC's comments on the rehearing process, I think it's -- I think although the request was denied the commissioners believes that DTE comes in with a very constructive approach and willing to negotiate them.  And also just on the electric side, I think mostly rate cases have been conducted through litigation. Can you just help us better understand the electric rate case filing strategy with these backdrops?
Gerardo Norcia: Sure. So our intent -- we've got 2 major regulatory initiatives this year. One is the integrated resource plan that will conclude in the second half of this year and then our electric general rate case that will conclude in December. We are very interested in settling both. And I would say that in the first instance, with the integrated resource plan, many of the parties that are involved are very interested in settlement discussions. We've had our first set of discussions, which are encouraging, and we seek to settle that case, which is the integrated resource plan.  Later in this year, we will start those conversations for settlement around the electric rate case. We do have a history of settling gas cases in many of our renewable regulatory filings as well as our cost recovery factor filings and GCRs have been settled in the past. So we know how to do this and have done it, and we will pursue it in these 2 major regulatory initiatives this year.
Unidentified Analyst: This is really helpful. And just quickly on the '23 guide, you provisioned from midpoint. And given all the mitigation strategy, can you just comment on -- just how should we think about -- I think it was a timely call on the storm cost or any weather conditions that could throw you off this midpoint, how much or how should we think of -- have you provisioned for that?
Gerardo Norcia: Well, certainly, the contingency that we walk into the year with is exactly for these purposes, whether it's deviations in weather or -- we do carry a storm budget as part of our base plan. And then, of course, if storm costs exceed plan, and that's what contingency may be used for, or it maybe used for weather variations.  So I would say that we have adequate contingency at this point in time based on what we've seen so far in the year. And as we consume contingency, as I mentioned before, we go into deeper lean actions to try and restore contingency, especially as we head into the summer season, which is really our biggest opportunity to create value for our shareholders. That's when we really want to make sure that most of our contingency is intact.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: This is for Julien. And congrats on today's results. Just the first question, kind of coming back to the 2023 O&M cuts. You mentioned historic success in executing on these cuts with COVID in the last recession.  Do you perceive any risk, I guess, at this time around, once again executing on O&M costs, given, A, the inflationary cost backdrop we've seen; and then B, a bit higher scrutiny from Michigan regulator across Michigan utilities on vegetation management efforts, particularly with the 2022 storm docket?
Gerardo Norcia: Yes. So let me start with vegetation management first. We've got our largest vegetation management program that we've ever had historically in our company.  Back in 2013, we were investing about $65 million a year in vegetation management. And several years ago, we came up with a creative solution with the commission to basically more than triple the investment in vegetation management. This year, for example, we will invest over $200 million in vegetation management.  And we actually agreed to amortize those costs over time in order to smooth out the impact to our customers, but still give the customers -- our customers the benefit of reliability improvements. And as I mentioned in my comments, I think the commission would agree that we've had significant impact on reliability where we have taken on a very aggressive tree trimming as well as hardening of the system by replacing poles and wires and transformers.  So very significant investments in the grid. And while we've completed that work, we've had significant improvements in the liability. So we feel good about the work that we're doing. We were always looking for opportunities to do even better. And we believe that, that's what the process that the commission has initiated is really about, is really finding joint opportunities to accelerate and improve processes to make our investments even more effective than they have been.  So I'm excited about that. In terms of cost reductions, your first question, we are undertaking many of these onetime actions in order to accommodate the challenge that we received late last year. And we feel pretty confident in executing those.  We know they are onetime, they're not sustainable. Things like not hiring people or suspending tiring. We do need to replace critical positions in our company over time. And not to say that there's not potential efficiency opportunities that we will pursue. Some of this could stick.  I mean, that's the opportunity that we're faced with. But a lot of these actions are onetime and not sustainable in nature and also deferring maintenance work. We can do that for short periods of time, but certainly cannot do that for a long period of time. Hopefully, that helps.
David Ruud: Yes. And as we built these plans, we were very careful to ensure that we weren't going to impact -- first of all, never impact safety. Nothing that would impact reliability or our ability to deliver for our customers. And so these plans are built with that in mind. So it should fit well even though they're unsustainable in the future should fit well with what we're trying to continue to do for our customers.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. That's helpful. And then just kind of switching gears a bit here. I know we've seen some recent headlines detailing, for example, plans for large-scale battery manufacturing facilities in Michigan to service electric vehicles. So -- just kind of wondering what you're seeing in terms of new industrial load and if any of that will kind of accrue favorably to DTE in terms of higher electric load.
Gerardo Norcia: Certainly, last year, General Motors announced the battery plant and battery operation -- assembly operations in our service territory. And certainly, we're really excited about that.  In the past year, we also saw One Energy announced a new battery plant in our service territory. In addition to that, the University of Michigan announced a multibillion-dollar investment program right next door to our headquarters for an innovation center, which will drive economic growth and development in the city of Detroit.  And most recently, the Henry Ford Hospital system is rebuilding their hospital campus in downtown Detroit with a multibillion dollar investment as well, which will create new jobs, new economic development activity. And those are some of the big ones that I mentioned, but there are so many others.  In my time at DTE, this has probably been the most active economic development period that I've seen. So we're pretty excited about growth both in the industrial and commercial sector, which ultimately, as you know, will drive growth in residential investment as well and commercial investment to support those industries.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Angie Storozynski with Seaport.
Agnieszka Storozynski: So just going back to the rate case strategy. And I know that we are maybe over analyzing this. But I'm just -- I mean, you have another rate case filing, a big one, this time. Are there any lessons learned from the previous case then that you've embedded in this filing? So any changes in the strategy? Some, I don't know, outreach to the commission and the staff ahead of it? So that's one.  Number 2 is, how are the residential sales trending vis-a-vis the past rate case and the current rate case? I mean, are you seeing any deterioration in sales versus what you had expected?  And then lastly, you mentioned, I think, as far as the gas rate cases that you might elongate the time in between the rate cases. And I'm just debating with myself if that's the right strategy given that, that maybe increases the amount of the ask in the next rate case, if you stay out. Again, just trying to have some lessons learned from the outcome of the last rate case on the electric side.
Gerardo Norcia: Sure. So let me start with, Angie, the lessons learned, and I'll have Dave talk about sales. And then we can talk about the gas freight case strategy as well. So as we reflect on the outcome, certainly, the major issue there was sales volume forecast.  And again, it's -- and Dave will talk about how our sales are tracking, but they're essentially tracking as we had expected. And -- but I this will be resolved in the next rate case. Sales will not be a mystery. So that's point number one.  That was the biggest fundamental deviation, if you will, in this last rate case. But again, we dug deeper than that, Angie, and said, how can we improve, what we file. So we've taken another really deep inspection and review of all of our filings to make sure that they're well supported, well understood, continue to be well understood in order to get a better understanding with the staff and the commission and other interveners as to what is it that we're trying to accomplish with this significant investment profile that we have with directed at our grid as well as our renewable assets. So a lot of work went into, what I would say, continue to improve and continuously improve the quality of our submission.  So that's something that we did. As well as we spent a lot of time ahead of the rate case, creating context, not only for the commission, but also for some of our interveners as that what are these investments pointed at and why is this fundamental? And if you look at the ice storm that rolled through our territory today, I would say it certainly further reinforces the need to invest in our grid as we see these climate change patterns start to take shape.  We've had 3 or 4 major events in our service territory and across the state of Michigan over the last 5 years, which points to whether becoming more and more violent in our service territory, and we have to have a grid and investment in the grid that will stand up to all of that.  And secondly, we also are seeing significant electrification. We've got EV attachments increasing rapidly in our state, and we need to have a grid that's prepared for that. So we spent a lot of time, energy creating context not only with our regulator, but also with intervenors and legislators to ensure that there's a deep understanding.  And we're going to continue that process all year to ensure that the context for what we are trying to accomplish is well understood and not misunderstood. I will say that the capital part of our program has never been a significant question by the clinician or even the interveners.  So that's a positive. And I would say that the administration and legislators are very supportive. But I believe that this work that we would do throughout the year they continue to create context at all levels of government and with our regulator will be very helpful. And we seek to settle, I would say that as well.  Dave, do you want to talk about sales for a minute?
David Ruud: Sure. Yes, Jerry. Yes. As Jerry mentioned, our sales are tracking pretty well to our forecast. And I think as end-to-end to what we have in the filing. And I think what will be the benefit going into this filing is we'll have some more stability because you saw our sales and particularly our residential sales from 2022 versus 2021. They were down about 3% with people returning to work.  As we look to our forecast in our test year, it's down a little under 2% from that level. So far in the early months, we're seeing that we're tracking like right on that level. And so we think we'll come in at a forecast that will be a lot more agreeable as we go forward. And overall, from pre-pandemic levels to where we are in our test year, it's up about 1.5% to 2%, too. So I think it's all triangulating really well.
Gerardo Norcia: And in terms of the gas rate case, Angie, we're looking to file late this year is the current plan.
Agnieszka Storozynski: Okay. And then -- just 1 follow-up. So one is you mentioned all of this outreach. I mean, what -- again, I want to believe. But what I'm trying to say is that this rate case is -- next electric rate case happened in such a proximity to the decision in the previous rate case.  And I'm just, again, wondering how -- how could you have embedded the lessons learned in such a short period of time. So that's one.  And number 2 is, probably even more importantly. So over the years, you guys have always had this early earnings look, right, guidance and then it would gradually increase through the course of the year. And I'm -- and as we look from a far, we're just wondering if a conservative sales forecast where partly the reason why you were able to historically beat numbers -- i.e., should we assume that the current guidance is also conservative, even given the outcome of this electric rate case?
Gerardo Norcia: So let me start with the first question, how did we start on these lessons learned. We started that really early in the summer. We always get feedback from the staff through their questions and through their commentary. And we started to really sharpen our focus on improving quality of submissions going into this rate case.  So we were working on this rate case before -- months and months before. Probably 6 months before we even got the results in November. So it did start and then I think it's intensified once we got the result. And the outreach certainly intensified after the result in November because we felt the need -- great context for the fact that, hey, we've stayed out of a rate case for 4 years and we've invested $8 billion.  And we -- and the feedback we're getting is there's very strong support for that investment. And unfortunately, we had a mishap with the sales forecast in the last rate case, but I think that will get corrected.  And there will be strong support for the investments that we're making and continue to make. So -- so that would sort of summarize the rate case part of it.  In terms of the forecast, I would say, as Dave said, we are tracking right towards the midpoint at this point in time. And that's our goal. And all of the cost initiatives that we have undertaken, Dave and I review them weekly, and the rest of our team is reviewing it out daily. And we're right on top of that plan. So we feel good about where we're at. We're also looking to restore contingency as it gets consumed sometimes by weather. So that's where we're at. So we're confident in hitting our midpoint at this point in time as we look at our outlook.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley.
David Arcaro: I was wondering if -- let's see, on the IRM that you are proposing in the electric rate case, how long could that lead you to potentially consider staying out of rate cases to the extent you're successful in getting that applied here?
Gerardo Norcia: Well, the positive side of the IRM is that we've been talking to the commission about it for years. And as you saw in the last rate case, they invited us to file one. So there's strong alignment in order -- in terms of creating the IRM.  And we think that, that, as you know, in our gas company has simplified greatly the regulatory process for capital that's not disputed, if you will, that needs to be invested. And it's going to be primarily directed -- actually not primarily, it will be directed at the grid. That's what the IRM will be used for.  And it will build over time. So it's going to take a few years before it starts to have an impact on the timing of rate cases. But to give you an example, as we built it up in the gas business, it allowed us to stay out for 2 and 3 years at a time.  And that's certainly the case this time. We've stayed out for at least several years already in the gas company. So we expect that to happen with the electric business. As we build confidence in the IRM, we'll start with modest amounts going into the IRM, as you've seen in our rate case filings, and that will build over a 3-year period.  And we'll get used to working together on that because it does take some time to build confidence in the execution as well as the management of the IRM. So we're taking a page out of the gas playbook to build up this IRM and achieve our goals of making the necessary investments as well as starting to put time between rate cases. So it will take a few years as my answer before we start to see a significant impact on timing of rate cases.
David Arcaro: Okay. Got it. That makes sense. I appreciate that context. And then, was curious, obviously, the decline in natural gas prices that we've seen is a nice tailwind for customer bills. But when -- just based on kind of storage levels and the seasonal use of that gas, when would customers potentially see the lower prices flow through into rates?
Gerardo Norcia: They're seeing it right now. As a matter of fact, I was talking to the President of the gas company the last couple of days. We're going to lower the factor by about $1 here in the next little while. So we're seeing the prices come down quite nicely from their peak.
David Arcaro: Got it. And could that lead to a year-over-year decline overall in the fuel portion of gas? Or is that going to take still some time to kind of flow through the higher-priced gas that might have been collected late last year?
Gerardo Norcia: I think we've already seen a year-over-year decline, and it will continue to decline. We've made a series of reductions already in the last several months in our gas prices. Our gas recovery, that's a factor. And the most significant one is coming here very shortly. It's about $1 decline in price.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research.
Michael Sullivan: Maybe just wanted to flip over to the IRP. I think we have intervenor testimony coming up in the next couple of weeks here. Just what should we expect from that? And then -- in terms of settlement timing, what should we think about as coming first between the IRP and the electric case?
Gerardo Norcia: So I'll start by saying that the expectations that we see is there'll be challenge to the timing of some of our retirements, especially the Monroe Power Plant. So I think you'll see that. We won't be surprised by that. And we will also perhaps see some desire to increase energy efficiency. I think many -- some parties will challenge natural gas as a future reliability source.  And of course, we've got strong views on that, that the natural gas enables a large build-out of renewables as technology continues to improve around providing baseload generation. So I think those are -- those will be the issues, if you will.  And -- but there's strong support for a large portion, I believe, of our IRP. At least that's our early indication that it's received favorable reviews informally, if you will. So -- we look forward to the testimony that will be filed.  In terms of timing of settlements, we expect that the IRP will be settled first just because it was filed before the rate case and just the timing of testimony and process puts the rate case a little behind the IRP in terms of the opportunity for settlement discussions. So that's how we expect the process to unfold.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then maybe a question for Dave. Just in terms of the FFO to debt, you target the 15% to 16%. Can you give us an indication of where 2022 finished up? And then to what extent you're still waiting on deferred power fuel cost recovery into this year?
David Ruud: Yes. That's a good question. Yes. '22 ended up right around 15%. And as you mentioned, the big driver of that being a little lower was the fuel cost recovery. So we had our power supply cost recovery was a use of cash for us in '22, but will be more of a source of cash as we're recovering, the majority of that in 2023. So we'll see our FFO to debt be a little bit higher, a little bit better in 2023.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank.
Andrew Weisel: Appreciate the detailed answers to the previous questions. You covered a lot of what I wanted. Just 2 follow-ups maybe for me then. First, in terms of the sales forecast, obviously, that was a big difference of opinion in the last rate case. Does that change have any impact on the IRP and the long-term outlook for capacity resource needs?
Gerardo Norcia: We had built that in, Andrew, into IRP forecast. Now of course, what we do in an IRP is we provide for scenarios for demand increases, both the largest demand increase opportunity is really EV attachments and some of the economic development activity that we expect in the near term.  But we try to build an IRP that not only addresses point estimates, but also a range and scenarios and forecast. And that's something that is required by the IRP filing guidelines, and I think -- we think it's a very wise thing to do because, obviously, over a period of 20 years, there can be a significant amount of variability in demand forecast. So we provide low, medium and high type of forecast.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. And you're still in that range, essentially?
Gerardo Norcia: Yes. Yes.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. Then lastly, on equity, the sources and uses of cash page, Slide 17, shows zero or a little dash, I suppose, for new equity. But in one of your earlier slides, you talked about up to $100 million per year. How likely is that to remain zero? Is that a function of the timing of CapEx or the $1.3 billion convertible last year? Just trying to understand why that's 0 and not something greater than zero.
David Ruud: Yes. Our goal there will be to keep that as low as possible, obviously, and how we generate cash and how we get cash through our plan will be one of the big drivers of that and how we use it in CapEx. So we see in our plan minimal equity issuances, hopefully in that around 0, but it could be in the 0 to 100 range as we go forward.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. So it's zero for the entire 3-year period is a realistic possibility?
David Ruud: It's a possibility. I would expect some internal equity issuances that we have through our internal sources, though.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Well, again, I hope the restoration efforts go quickly. I'm sure it's a grind for all the workers out there. So fingers crossed.
Gerardo Norcia: We're really proud of our people out there. They're braving these elements, and we just hope for their safety and good health, and certainly the same for our customers.
Anthony Crowdell: Yes, I'm sure we all take for granted the service we get provided in our electric system and gas. Just 2 quick ones. One on the IRM filing or request. And I apologize if I had this wrong, has DTE requested that for the Electric segment before? And just what -- if so, what gives you this optimism that this time, maybe it gets approved?
Gerardo Norcia: The last time we did it, Anthony, we requested a really large IRM amount. And this is like over a handful of years ago. And this time -- and it was -- I felt at that time the feedback we got that, maybe it was too big the request. And we were trying to make it big enough to stay out of rate cases immediately, so that there would be an immediate benefit to us and many other interested parties not having to have rate cases every year.  Well, this time, we've taken a different approach. We've made it smaller in the early years, which may have us -- may create a little more work as you're in for both rate cases and reconciliations in the early years on the IRM. But over time, it will start to put distance between rate cases as we grow it. And I think it will give the party -- all parties involved confidence that we're executing well on the IRM. So that's why we took a little different approach this time. and we feel that it will be successful. We socialized it ahead of time before we filed and got very strong positive feedback. So we feel good about it this time.
Anthony Crowdell: Do you guys ever estimate or provide what the cost is to file a rate case if I think of all the DTE personnel that have to go around aggregating data, all the test running, you add all that up. Is there a value that you guys have put out on that, that may be an IRM and again, you guys have been very clear and very modest in the beginning. It will take years before you start seeing ever delay rate filings. But what's the potential savings that a customer sees if you're able to lay a rate filing?
Gerardo Norcia: I would say there are, of course, the costs of sort of prosecuting a case, if you will, for us and for our interveners and for the commission. So we'll reduce that. And I think that will be significant. But I think the more significant piece, Anthony, will be the fact that once we have certainty of an investment profile, from a supply chain perspective, we can start preordering materials and working out supply arrangements that are much more efficient over the long term, over 3 to 5 years. and lining up our contractors where the bulk of the cost is and extracting value from them on behalf of our customers.  So I would say the beauty of the IRM that we saw in the gas business is you can start lining up major supply chain and initiatives and also contractors to extract efficiencies. When you can commit to somebody for 5 years, there's a huge incentive to for them to respond to our efficiency initiatives. So that's where I see millions of dollars of potential savings in capital and the ability to accelerate our work.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And just lastly, DTE Vantage, I love the guidance you've given out, I believe, till 2027. Can I think of the growth from '23 to '27 as linear? Or is it more back-end loaded? Like, just any clarity on the growth in earnings at DTE Vantage?
Gerardo Norcia: Typically, we're targeting that $15 million to $18 million, Anthony, of growth advantage to support that forecast. So that's what the team passed with each and every year and sometimes they beat it, sometimes it's lower.  But overall, it averages out to about $15 million to $18 million a year of income growth. And a lot of it is -- we can look to it coming because we've got these landfill projects that are under our current control that we can convert to RNG. And so we've got a nice line of sight at least over the next 2 or 3 years into project development.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that is all the time we have for questions today. I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Jerry Norcia.
Gerardo Norcia: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. And I'll just close by saying we had another strong year in 2022, and I'm feeling really good about 2023 and our position for the long-term future. So I hope everyone has a great morning, and stay healthy. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to DTE Energy's Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Barbara Tuckfield, Director of Investor Relations. Ms. Tuckfield, please go ahead.
Barbara Tuckfield: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind you to read the safe harbor statement on Page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix. With us this morning are Jerry Norcia, Chairman, President and CEO; and Dave Ruud, Senior Vice President and CFO. And now I'll turn it over to Jerry to start the call this morning.
Jerry Norcia: Thanks, Barb, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Let me start by saying that three quarters of the way through 2022, we are on track for a very successful year, and we continue to be well positioned for the future. This morning, I will highlight some of the successes we have accomplished this year, and Dave will provide a financial update and wrap things up before we take your questions. We are very well positioned to achieve our operating EPS guidance. The $6 guidance midpoint provides over 8% growth from our 2021 original guidance midpoint. As many of you know, we will be filing our Integrated Resource Plan or IRP next week. This filing will provide updates on our path for decarbonization and our commitment to continuing to provide clean, reliable and affordable energy to our customers. Our team has been working hard on this filing going through multiple scenarios and taken into account stakeholder feedback to develop a plan that works best for all of our customers, as well as incorporating the benefits of the Inflation Reduction Act or the IRA. I'm extremely proud of all of our team members, who have put their energy into this filing. Naturally, the IRP will impact our five-year capital plan, and we are excited to provide further details in a couple of weeks at EEI. Along with our capital plan update, we will provide an update on our long-term growth strategy at this conference. We will also provide updates on our voluntary renewables program, MIGreenPower, which continues to show substantial growth. Just this week, we subscribed a new 400-megawatt customer, increasing the program to 2,100 megawatts of subscription. As climate change remains our generation's defining public policy issue, DTE is committed to doing our part by continuing to invest for our customers and to ensure reliability. Our electric grid needs to be modernized to be resilient against extreme weather and also be able to accommodate significant new demand that will be coming in the future. Our electric grid will continue to see increased load as the pace of electric vehicle adoption accelerates. We are focusing on updating and improving our aging infrastructure for this additional demand while continuing to provide safe, reliable and affordable energy. Recently, we saw the passage of the IRA. We see the IRA as a positive overall for our company with benefits for both our utility and nonutility businesses. Dave will go into the specifics in a few minutes on the positive impacts of the IRA. Let's move to Slide 5 to discuss how we are delivering for all of our stakeholders. We know that with our engaged and talented team, we will continue to deliver for our customers, communities and investors. We are working hard on all these fronts, and I'm pleased to highlight some of the recognition we have received. DTE was recently named a top 10 employer in the State of Michigan by Forbes Magazine. Additionally, after our most recent engagement survey with Gallup, DTE ranks in the top 4% of companies worldwide in employee engagement, which continues to give me confidence that our team will deliver for our stakeholders. We also continue our efforts to support our customers. As I mentioned earlier, we will be filing our IRP next week. This will provide detail on our plans to generate safe, clean, reliable, affordable energy as we accelerate our decarbonization efforts. We continue to be an integral part of the community. We recently joined the City of Detroit and the White House to form the Detroit Tree Equity Partnership. This ambitious program aims to build Detroit's tree canopy by planting tens of thousands of trees over the next five years, cooling urban areas while providing beauty and air quality improvements. The program will also hire and train workers to plant and maintain the trees in the city, bringing jobs to our community. We are also partnering to drive economic development in the State of Michigan. Our Next Energy recently announced that they will be bringing 2,000 jobs to Michigan with a $1.6 billion investment in new battery operations. We are helping the state transition to a new automotive future with electric vehicles. Given all of this positive momentum, we also feel great about our financial position as we head into the final months of 2022 and are on track to achieve our 2022 operating EPS guidance. Let's turn to Slide 6. With the opportunities we have in front of us, DTE is on track to make significant customer-focused capital investments across our businesses. These investments are transforming the way we produce power as we shift towards renewables and natural gas and away from coal generation. Two important factors affecting our grid are climate change and emerging electrification technologies. We need to build the grid of the future to ensure we can continue to provide clean, safe, reliable and affordable energy. Additionally, at our gas utility, we continue our important main renewal work, which further reduces greenhouse gas emissions. I'm happy to say we are on target to complete another 200 miles this year. Finally, at DTE Vantage, to continue to add new RNG projects and other energy solution projects for our customers, which enables growth with a focus on decarbonization. We execute on all this investment with a sharp focus on customer affordability and ensuring that we continue to manage our business to achieve that. Our distinctive continuous improvement culture drives cost management. The shift from coal to natural gas and renewables also helps to further reduce operating costs. Our diverse energy mix helps reduce fuel costs as well, and it allows us to maintain flexibility to adapt to future technology advancements. The IRA supports this transition to renewable energy while achieving customer affordability goals and further enhances opportunities for growth at DTE Vantage. With that, let me turn it over to Dave.
Dave Ruud: Thanks, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. Let me start on Slide 7 to discuss how the Inflation Reduction Act helps accelerate DTE's clean energy transition while also helping customer affordability. As Jerry mentioned, the IRA has a lot of positive elements for DTE that benefit both our utility and nonutility businesses. Jerry discussed the significant capital investment that we need to make for our customers to provide cleaner generation and to improve and prepare the grid for electrification. The IRA really helps maintain our customer affordability goals while we execute this plan. The wind and solar production tax credit support a more affordable acceleration of our clean energy transition as we build our renewable portfolio. The ability to transfer tax credits will eliminate the need for tax equity partners, which allows us to retain an additional 40% of the investment for our projects. The PTCs for nuclear generation support affordability by providing credits for our production based on the market price environment. The IRA provides new investment tax credits for RNG, making some of the projects that we are working on at DDTET Vantage even more attractive and allowing potential RNG projects to be more economic for our utilities. The increased tax credit for carbon capture and sequestration can benefit both our nonutility and utility operations. The credits make more projects economically attractive, which enhances our business development opportunities and enables us to better help our industrial customers achieve their environmental goals. The tax credits can also support future baseload generation with carbon capture and storage for our utilities. Lastly, we don't see a material income or cash impact from the corporate minimum tax given our current tax carryforward position and accelerated depreciation provision in the IRA. Overall, we view the IRA as beneficial for customers and supportive of the transition to cleaner energy while maintaining affordability. Let's turn to Slide 8 to review our third quarter financial results. Operating earnings for the quarter were $311 million. This translates into $1.60 per share. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. I'll start to review at the top of the page with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $363 million for the quarter. This was $21 million higher than the third quarter last year, driven by accelerated deferred tax amortization in 2022 that was implemented to delay our rate case filings and keep us out of rate cases over the last three years, along with lower O&M costs this year. These were partially offset by higher rate base costs in cooler weather. Moving on to DTE Gas, operating earnings were $7 million higher than the third quarter last year. The earnings variance was due to the implementation of base rates partially offset by higher rate base costs. Let's move to DTE Vantage on the third row. Operating earnings were $26 million. This is a $47 million decrease from the third quarter last year due to the sunset of the REF business at the end of 2021, partially offset by higher earnings from industrial energy services. On the next row, you can see Energy Trading earnings had a decrease of $33 million from the third quarter of 2021, mainly due to the performance of the power portfolio compared to last year. As I mentioned on the second quarter call, there is also reversal of the timing favorability in our physical gas portfolio as our strategic long positions used to support physical positions were transacted this quarter. This reversal may continue in the fourth quarter. Year-to-date, Energy Trading earnings are $32 million, and we are on track to achieve full year guidance of $20 million to $35 million. Finally, Corporate & Other was favorable $29 million quarter-over-quarter, which is primarily due to the timing of taxes and a onetime tax true-up in 2021 that we mentioned in the third quarter call last year. Regarding the balance sheet for Corporate & Other, we've already successfully remarketed the senior note associated with the equity converts this quarter and will pay down the $1.25 billion of parent debt coming due in November with the proceeds from the equity conversion. The paydown of these notes and the early remarking of convertible debt are good examples of measures taken to reduce interest costs. Our planning process contemplated inflationary pressures and rising interest rates, and we are confident that we will offset increased costs with no impact to our long-term growth. Overall, DTE earned $1.60 per share in the third quarter. Let me wrap up on Slide 9, and then we'll take your questions. In summary, through three quarters, we're having a strong operational and financial year, and we're on track to achieve our operating EPS guidance midpoint of $6 per share, which provides over 8% growth from our 2021 original guidance midpoint. As Jerry mentioned, we'll be filing our IRP in early November, which will lay out our plan to support cleaner energy and the modernization of our electric grid while focusing on affordability and reliability. We believe the IRA supports affordability for our customers and positions DTE to continue to grow in the near and long term. We look forward to seeing you at EEI. We will lay out our 2023 early outlook and our five-year plan as we incorporate the details of the IRP. With that, I thank you for joining us today, and we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Nick Campanella from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Nicholas Campanella: Hi, good morning team. Thanks for taking my questions here. Just wanted to ask on the IRP. I know it's pending and coming soon, but you can potentially see a meaningful kind of CapEx opportunity out of this. And how should we think about funding any kind of incremental CapEx to the base five-year plan today, especially when we kind of think about common equity funding, any thoughts there?
Jerry Norcia: Dave, do you want to take that?
Dave Ruud: Sure yes. We are - as you mentioned, Nick, we're going to give more guidance on our capital plans at EEI. But you're right, we have a good opportunity with the IRP and the IRA to invest some additional capital. We do have a strong balance sheet, and rating agencies are comfortable with where we're at in our position. So we have a little flexibility there with our capital structure that we can support these investments before we have to use additional equity too. So we'll get more detail at EEI. But I think you're right, we do see some additional capital opportunity due to the IRP and what the IRA allowed us to do.
Nicholas Campanella: Got it, thanks. And then I guess as it just relates to the electric rate order - or not order, but you got an ALJ rec. I think you filed some exceptions as well. Just when do you see that kind of coming to fruition? And do you still kind of feel comfortable in kind of giving this outlook if - my understanding is that proceeding comes after when you'd give the outlook? Thanks.
Jerry Norcia: Yes, we feel comfortable with where we're headed in multi ALJ positions and staff positions. If you think various components of that are quite supportive of our plan. So we view it as supportive of our long-term plan. And certainly, there's a strong alignment to make the investments in the grid as well as clean generation. So there's strong alignment there as well.
Nicholas Campanella: All EEI, thanks so much.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you.
Dave Ruud: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Shar Pourreza: Hi guys good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Hi Shar.
Dave Ruud: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: So Jerry, just starting off with the IRA and how that has impacted your thoughts, I guess, around the IRP, I mean, obviously, there's clearly customer benefits and lower cost. But does that trigger kind of any sort of a revision to your planning inputs versus prior to the enactment, right? Because we've been talking about this IRP for some time, so we've got a bit of a sense there? Did the IRA change, I guess, the calculus and what we've discussed before in prior slides? And then just remind us, do you have any sort of tax equity embedded in renewable spending where we could see an opportunity to avoid that tax equity and increase rate base?
Jerry Norcia: Great question. So the IRA had a very positive impact on IRP from two perspectives. One, certainly lowered the cost of all of our investments in renewables as well as long-term, it improved the outlook for carbon capture and storage in our IRP so very positive benefit to affordability, which allowed us to accelerate our transition. And so, I think you'll see that when we roll that out next week so very positive impact from the IRA. And of course, you know what the tax credits are, $26 per megawatt hour on solar and wind and PTCs on nuclear. All of those are going to have a beneficial impact to our plan. In terms of tax equity, with the IRA and the provisions in that IRA, making tax credits transferable, we no longer need tax equity structure, which significantly simplifies our plan, but also removes an investment partner. So we have now the opportunity to invest greater amounts in our renewables build-out so very positive impact overall.
Shar Pourreza: Got it, perfect. And then just it sounds like - I mean you guys are even more constructive on the Vantage segment post IRA. But simultaneously, there's obviously been some really high premiums paid for RNG assets. Did IRA kind of change your thoughts or even internal debates on whether you would ever put Vantage under a strategic review? And conversely, since IRA potentially accelerates Vantage's growth, does it even make sense in terms of the business mix for DTE you guys target as we're thinking about regulated utility exposure?
Jerry Norcia: The way we're looking at Vantage right now, Shar, is that it will be - our nonutility business will be 10% of our portfolio. But the IRA, the investment tax credit for RNG of 30% just made the projects we were looking at even more economic, significantly lifted the IRRs of many of the projects that we are looking at. And then the cogen investment tax credit of 30%, that also helps projects that we've got in the pipeline become much more economic. So we're excited about that. So that 10% that we're looking to create and continue to create advantage has just become much more economic. The last one is carbon capture and storage, which we've started to explore and have some interesting small opportunities in that arena as well, which not only will be beneficial to Vantage, but it will also be beneficial to our electric utility as we think about carbon capture and storage as it relates to our generation assets. So we're really starting to understand that business in a deeper way. So overall, I would say the impact on Vantage from the IRA, again, was quite positive. This IRA has had significant impact in our thinking as it relates to our electric utility as well as Vantage in terms of creating more opportunity in both business segments.
Shar Pourreza: Got it, terrific, thanks guys. And Jerry congrats, on a side comment, on the latest addition to your family, see you guys soon at EEI.
Jerry Norcia: Well thank you.
Dave Ruud: Thank you, Shar.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning Jeremy.
Dave Ruud: Hi Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Good morning, just wanted to start off on the RNG landscape, if I could, given the [Antero] sales here and what looks on the surface to be quite a robust valuation paid there. Just wondering, any thoughts from your side on that transaction and whether that impacts your go-forward RNG strategy?
Dave Ruud: Yes, hi Jeremy, this is Dave. It's - as we said, we're always looking at our portfolio, considering options. We did see the Antero sale, and I think it really highlights the value that others see for RNG and really the growth potential for RNG. And so this gives us confidence that we're going to find more high-growth potential projects. But also will make us continue to look to make sure that we're doing what's best for the long-term value of our shareholders. Right now, we're just really confident in our business development pipeline. We continue to grow that and continue to find really accretive projects for us.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. So even with this level, I guess, of interest in the space and strong valuations, you still see new projects clearing your hurdle rate. There's not too much competition out there to drive down expected rates of return on these projects?
Dave Ruud: We have some really good projects that are in our pipeline right now. Some of these are conversions and some - and with the IRA, some of them become even more attractive. So we still have a really strong business development pipeline that we see in the Vantage business.
Jerry Norcia: Yes look at - our business development pipeline, as we look out a few years, is well stocked with high-return projects in the RNG space. And we've also got a few industrial projects, cogen projects that we're pursuing that will bring value - long-term value to the Vantage business unit. So feels like the pipeline to us is very strong in terms of growth with high-quality investments.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it, that's helpful. I'll leave it there, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Arcaro from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Arcaro: Good morning, thanks so much for taking my question.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
David Arcaro: I was wondering if you could give a perspective on the commission's audit that they recently kicked off related to outages and safety. I'm wondering what you think should come out of this in terms of potential policies or penalties or anything like that?
Jerry Norcia: Sure, so as we look at the Commission order, our discussions with the Commission continue to be really collaborative. And I would say the relationship is in a good place. Ultimately, I think the result of this order is that it will create even stronger alignment as it relates to our investment agenda. Just to give you a feel for it, our system, on average, operates at about 99.9% availability. Best-in-class is 99.97% availability of the grid. So you can see that this is a highly reliable industry when it comes to providing power to our customers. And all of our investment plans are really pointed at how do we get to that 99.97% availability for our grid. So I feel that this process with the Commission will create stronger alignment. And there's a lot of value for our customers to go even from 99.9% to 99.97%, and we'll start to lay all that out, and it will be - I believe it will be a good process, and it will come to a good conclusion.
David Arcaro: Got it. Thanks. And does that sound like more operational changes or CapEx investments? Or how could that improvement play out?
Jerry Norcia: Well, when I look at our circuitry, we've got systems that need to be replaced and modernized and automated. And as we rebuilt new circuits, and upgrade those circuits and modernize them, it's going to require a significant amount of capital investment. And I think you'll see that in our planning as we roll out our new plan at EEI. We continue to accelerate this strategic capital that we're investing in a grid in addition to our maintenance capital. But it will be primarily a capital-driven process.
David Arcaro: Got it. That makes sense. And I was just wondering if you could comment on results so far for the year. And whether you've been able to - or just what level of kind of expense you might have been able to pull into 2022 so far? What are you thinking for the rest of the year here, just as you set up into 2023 earnings guidance? Can you pull forward more expenses into 2022 given the strong results?
Dave Ruud: Yes. We have had a strong year in 2022. And as we look at our portfolio over the few years, we do try to balance what we can do in '22 and '23 across all our businesses. So we have been able to find some opportunity to help 2023 as we go through this year, too, because as you've seen, '22 has been a nice strong year for us.
David Arcaro: Okay, thanks. Appreciate the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Insoo Kim from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Insoo Kim: Thank you. I think just one for me remaining. Just as we think about I guess the update that you guys will give at EEI especially the long-term growth rate, a lot of positives here that you mentioned, what are some of the offsetting factors that we should consider? And on a net basis, do you still see overall developments as a positive? I guess on the netting out basis, I would think of whether it's cost inflation or maybe holding company leverage, refinancing, those type of items? Thanks.
Jerry Norcia: I'll start, and I'll turn it over to Dave into. But overall, net positive. We view our ability to invest on behalf of our customers to really transform our generation fleet to a cleaner, more reliable fleet as a significant opportunity, and that will be the basis of our IRP. And also, the investment in the grid to drive increased resiliency and reliability of the grid will be a significant opportunity for us. So this is going to create a transformative opportunity in how we deliver power and produce power for our customers, but also create a very significant investment opportunity for our investors to invest against all of this. And many of our investments are pointed at areas that will reduce operating costs as well. So for example, our generation transformation will be a net positive to our customers. Investing in our grid ultimately would be a net positive to our customers. So we're pretty excited. And this historic really transformation that we're undertaking at DTE for our electric company.
Insoo Kim: Got it. Maybe I'll look to in one more. As we think about the updated growth plan coming out at EEI, what is the base, I guess, year or EPS that we should be contemplating when you give your roll forward? Thanks.
Dave Ruud: Yes, we do our roll forward, we always go back to original guidance. So this will be on 2022 original guidance.
Insoo Kim: Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Zimbardo from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi, good morning and thank you.
Dave Ruud: Good morning.
Paul Zimbardo: Just wanted to follow up on a comment you made about interest rates. You said if I heard right, you contemplated higher rates in the plan, so no impact on long-term growth. Just to clarify, is it that you assume kind of rates up here? Or is it that you have other offsets, whether costs are elsewhere and the plan to dampen that impact and fully offset?
Dave Ruud: We have a tendency to plan conservatively, and we look at a lot of risk and opportunities in our plan, we look at that every week and look at the challenges. So we are confident that depending or irregardless of how rates move, regardless how rates move, we will be able to offset those with other things within our plan.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Great. And then broadly, could you discuss kind of how demand has been on voluntary renewables throughout 2022? I know it's been a very eventful year. You had a large automaker announcement on solar this summer. And if you could discuss kind of incremental partnerships using that model from Ford that you're contemplating?
Jerry Norcia: Well, it's been an extraordinary year for our voluntary renewables program. Actually, as a matter of fact, this week, we executed - or in the process of executing an agreement for another 400 megawatts of sales long-term commitments. This takes us now to a total of 2,100 megawatts sold, which is well above our expectations at where we would be at this point in time. So we'll provide an update at EEI as to how do we see this progress and the success impacting our long-term plan. So we'll update you on that. But it's been an extraordinary success story.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Great. And to follow up on that super quickly. Do you think you can replicate the kind of success you've had in 2022 and 2023?
Jerry Norcia: Well, we've got significant opportunities in front of us. The pipeline is strong, and we'll continue to grow that program. And then as we look at transformation of our generation fleet, that will also bring new opportunity to the renewables fleet. So renewables will be a big part of our agenda going forward here at DTE.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Sullivan from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Sullivan: Hi there. Good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Michael Sullivan: Hi Jerry. Dave, this one is actually for you. Just following on the AMT impact. Can you just let us know what you're assuming for the repairs tax deduction on your kind of end result there?
Dave Ruud: Yes. Thanks, Michael. Yes, right now, we're looking at it as written. So we think that the way it's written, it does apply to things like storm repairs and doesn't get the favorable treatment under the AMT. Even with that, we don't see that this is going to have a big income or cash impact on our plan. We do know that EEI is advocating to have this included and we would benefit from that also. But we've already modeled that we can mitigate any cash or income impact from the AMT for the most part.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. That's super helpful. And then just sticking with that, I think you mentioned some cushion versus credit metrics. Can you just refresh us on where you're at on FFO to debt and what the thresholds are?
Dave Ruud: Yes. For - it's a little different across the agencies. But right now, we're around 16% FFO to debt. You can see the thresholds by rating agencies are in the 13% to 14% range. So we do have some cushion there to those levels.
Michael Sullivan: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Travis Miller from Morningstar. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Travis Miller: Good morning. Thank you.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Travis.
Travis Miller: With respect to the IRA, was enough detail out on that such that the full IRA impact would be included in the IRP? Or is there essentially more to come? I know you'd be able to incorporate into your own forecast, but it's 100% of it incorporated in the IRP?
Jerry Norcia: It is, it is incorporated. Dave, do you want to add any thoughts to that?
Dave Ruud: Well, we'll see the details as they get specified over the next year. But understanding what's going to happen in the - at the high level for our generation, it can all be incorporated in the IRP and then how the - how it goes into our plan, we can - we feel like we can model that. But how it plays out specifically is still yet to be decided as you know.
Travis Miller: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then just real quick, any election issues in Michigan that would have a material impact either short-term or long-term outlook?
Jerry Norcia: Well, certainly, we've worked well with various administrations over our history, Republican-dominated administrations, Democrat-dominated administrations. We'll see what happens in November, but it feels like the compact that exists today will likely remain intact in terms of the political structure. But we'll know more after election day. But whatever the results, we feel that we have productive relationships and that there's clear understanding by Republicans and Democrats what our investment agenda is and what the purpose of our agenda is and strong support for that.
Travis Miller: Okay. Great. Appreciate it.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Crowdell from Mizuho. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Anthony Crowdell: Jerry, Dave, good morning. Congrats on a good quarter.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Anthony.
Dave Ruud: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Crowdell: I just have one quick one, and I appreciate if you want to hold an answer until you make the filing to the IRP. But just if I understand correctly, there's a lot of consensus building prior to the actual filing. Just looking for some inside debt. Is that still accurate? And any particular topic or issue that you've got more feedback than others?
Jerry Norcia: Well, I would say, Anthony, we did an extensive amount of stakeholder engagement throughout this process, more than I believe we've ever done. And so that's been quite valuable to us. And - but I would say, most revealing for us was when we tested our customer opinions across broad demographics what we saw was strong alignment with our IRP. And that will certainly be very evident when we file the IRP, engagement with other stakeholders, regulators and legislators, I would say, support. Of course, as we get into the details, we'll have to work out those details, and I'm sure that some stakeholders will have different opinions, but I'm pretty confident we're going to work through all of that and end up with a really strong IRP that supports a transformation - fundamental transformation of our generation fleet.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. That's all I had. Looking forward to seeing you guys down in Hollywood.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you, Anthony. See u soon.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Levine from Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ryan Levine: Good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Ryan.
Ryan Levine: Good morning. Given the tax incentives for RNG and your comments are on higher IRRs, what are the constraints to accelerate these growth projects in your portfolio and for your outlook?
Jerry Norcia: I would say the constraint is keeping that portfolio at 10% of our overall enterprise in terms of earnings and EPS. But what I do see with high IRRs is greater contributions to sort of more efficient capital deployment, if you will, as we see higher IRRs, so very juicy projects. That means we'll invest less capital and get the same EPS.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then given the large changes to LCFS prices, are you looking to evolve your hedging strategy with these projects?
Jerry Norcia: We've had a pretty strong hedging program with LCFS and also how we place some of our federal products. And we've got a combination of what I would call financial hedges against these sales as well as fixed long-term sales, price sales, price that are priced. That's helping to balance any sort of fluctuations that we may get, as well as we build contingency into that plan to accommodate any positions that might remain open.
Ryan Levine: So given your constraint or your stated constraint around 10% of your portfolio contribution to these assets, do you view DTE as a long-term holder of this portfolio? As that suggests that the growth prospects may be higher for somebody else.
Jerry Norcia: Well, look at, if we saw an opportunity to harvest and get more value than we see, we're always open to that. And I think we've got a long track record of doing that in nonutility businesses. We've reinvented ourselves in this space, 3x and 4x since I've been at DTE. And we've always been very successful in building these businesses. And at the time presents itself and the opportunity presents itself to harvest and create incremental value for our investors, we're up for that. And we're looking at that all the time.
Ryan Levine: Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Jerry Norcia for closing remarks.
Jerry Norcia: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'll close by saying that DTE has had a very successful third quarter, and we're feeling great about the remainder of the year, as well as our position for future years. I'll look forward to seeing many of you at EEI in a couple of weeks. Have a great morning, stay healthy and stay safe.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Julianne, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to DTE Energy's Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Barbara Tuckfield, Director of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Barbara Tuckfield: Thank you and good morning everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind you to read the safe harbor statement on Page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix. With us this morning are Jerry Norcia, Chairman, President and CEO; and Dave Ruud, Senior Vice President and CFO. And now I'll turn it over to Jerry to start the call this morning.
Jerry Norcia: Thanks, Barb, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Let me start by saying that halfway through 2022, we are on track for another very successful year, and we continue to be well positioned for the future. This morning, I will highlight some of the successes we have accomplished this year, and Dave will provide a financial update and wrap things up before we take your questions. Slide 4 lays out the topics I will talk about this morning and all are very positive. As I said, we are on track for another successful year at DTE. And it always starts with our commitment to deliver for our team, customers, communities and investors. We continue our journey of transitioning to a clean energy future, highlighted by putting our new natural gas plant in service, on time and on budget. We have made great strides on strengthening our grid, in particular, to prepare for potential severe weather. On the financial front, we are delivering another strong year for investors. On our first quarter call, we told you we were ahead of plan and we continue track in that way through the second quarter. We are confident that we will achieve our financial goals for the remainder of the year. In fact, we are raising our 2022 operating EPS guidance mid-point from $5.90 per share of $6. This is the second guidance increase for 2022 and provides over 8% growth from our 2021 original guidance midpoint. So we are excited about delivering another successful year in 2022. Let's move to Slide 5 to discuss how we are delivering for all of our stakeholders. You're probably very familiar with this slide by now, which highlights the focus on our four key stakeholders. We know that with our engaged and talented team, we will continue to deliver for our customers, communities and investors. We are working hard on all of these fronts and I am pleased to highlight some of the recognition we have received. We continue to focus on improving the health and well-being of our team. I'm proud to say we were recently recognized for our efforts in this area by receiving the Best Employers award from the Business Group on Health for excellence in health and well-being, with an additional notice for excellence in mental health. The award was given the companies that focus on health, equity and the employee experience and demonstrate the principles of diversity, equity and inclusion. DTE is one of only two utilities to receive this award, which shows our commitment to improve the lives of our team and their families. On the customer front, we received the Energy Star Excellence in Energy Efficiency award from the EPA and the Department of Energy, recognizing energy programs that demonstrate organization-wide energy savings and best practices. We also continue our efforts to support our communities. DTE was recognized by Points of Light for the fifth consecutive year as one of the Civic 50. This award highlights DTE as one of the top 50 community-minded companies nationwide and corporate citizenship. We will continue our efforts in helping to build stronger communities with the many programs we have in place. I'm glad our team gets acknowledged for the great work they are doing. Equally as important is that DTE continues its journey to deliver for our customers and to be a force for good in our communities. So what does that all mean? While I've always said that having highly engaged employees, customers who are satisfied with their service and communities that are resilient and thriving enables us to deliver distinctive value for our investors. And as I mentioned, we are raising a midpoint of our 2022 operating EPS guidance. Given the strength we have seen in the first half of the year and the opportunities we have in the second half. Dave will provide the details on the guidance in a few minutes. Let's turn to Slide 6. Some of you have recently heard me say that right now is one of the most exciting times in our industry. I recently told a group of new employees that they are joining our company and industry are one of the most interesting times in our history, there is so much opportunity in front of us in transforming the way we produce power, shifting generation from coal to gas and renewable, in modernizing our grid, prepare for worsening weather patterns and preparing for increased demand for emerging technologies like vehicle electrification. The level of investment in our company, in our industry over the next five and 10 years will rival the original build outs of power generation and the electric grid. We have made great strides in preparing for these opportunities in a number of key areas. The Blue Water Energy Center, our new natural gas plant went into service in June. This state-of-the-art facility has an 1,100 megawatt capacity and was constructed on time and on budget. The in-service of this plant was timed with the retirement of our St. Clair and Trenton power plants. Today, less than 40% of DTE’s generation mix is attributable to coal. And by 2028, after we cease coal use at our 1,000 megawatt Belle River power plant coal will represent less than 30% of our generation mix. So we are ahead of our previous plan, well on a path toward our net-zero emissions goal. Our voluntary renewables program, MIGreenPower continues to show substantial growth. In fact, we have doubled a number of customers enrolled in a program for the third year in a row. Recently new contracts with the Ann Arbor school system and Comcast were added to the program. We have nearly 1,100 megawatts subscribed with large business customers and over 60,000 residential customers. We are also finalizing agreements for over $1 billion of MIGreenPower investments with additional large customers. We also continue our important main renewal work with the target of completing another 200 miles in 2022, ensuring we can continue providing safe and reliable service to our customers. At DTE Vantage, we have multiple onsite energy projects and dairy RNG projects coming online in the second half of the year. Additionally, we have a strong pipeline of projects that support growth in this business, including potential additional landfill to RNG conversions. DTE Electrics rate case proceedings are going well. And we are on track to file our integrated resource plan in October of this year. We continue to evaluate the opportunity to exit coal use at the Monroe power plant earlier than 2040. And this filing will begin to address our opportunities on that front. As I mentioned on our first quarter call, we have been extremely focused on further hardening our grid. And as you know, we experienced extreme weather last year, we have an aging system. We need to replace and upgrade poles, insulators and transformers. As a team, we are committed to building a flawless grid for our customers, and we need to invest to move towards that aspiration. And with a level of investment and energy inside DTE, we will get there. We continue to make progress on further improving the reliability of our system with significant investments tree trimming. Around 70% of our outages are the result of trees and we have a very aggressive tree trimming program. We have gone from investing $60 million in 2013 to well over $200 million this year to push trees away from our wires. And as we do this successfully and continue to replace and rebuild our challenge circuits, our customers are experiencing the reliability that they expect. So we are definitely making great progress across all of our businesses in 2022, and continue to be ahead of plan. As I mentioned, we are increasing our 2022 operating EPS guidance midpoint of $6 per share, providing over 8% growth from the original guidance. Let's move to Slide 7. We are planning to invest over $40 billion in our utilities over the next 10 years. At DTE Electric, we are investing over $35 billion over this time period, to support reliability by building the grid of the future, while adding renewable resources. And as we plan for cessation of coal use, we will need to invest in renewable resources, short and long duration storage, demand response and other dispatchable carbon free resources. We also see the increased pace of EV adoption that is driving grid investments, support increased sales, and a need for additional reliable generation. At DTE Gas, we are deploying significant capital over the next 10 years to upgrade or replace our aging infrastructure and to further reduce greenhouse gas emissions. This large inventory of utility investment provides the opportunity to pull capital forward into future five-year plans and positions us for sustainable long-term growth. We continue to evaluate our long-term EPS growth target as we update our five-year plan and work through various milestones and our electric rate case while actively engaging stakeholders as it relates to our integrated resource plan filing. And our total return, which continues to outpace the industry is supported by a dividend that is growing in line with our operating EPS growth. With that, I will turn it over to Dave to provide a financial update, Dave, over to you.
Dave Ruud: Thanks, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. Let me start on Slide 8 to review our second quarter of financial results. Operating earnings for the quarter were $171 million. This translates into $0.88 per share. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. I’ll start the view at the top of the page with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $186 million for the quarter. The primary drivers of the variance of second quarter last year were higher rate based costs, cooler weather, O&M expense timing, and the expected movement toward pre COVID residential sales levels. This was partially offset by the acceleration of the deferred tax amortization in 2022 that was implemented to the delay the filing of our rate case and keep base rates flat during the pandemic. The sales level change was consistent with our forecast and including our full year guidance. The higher O&M was driven in part by additional investment in the acceleration of our Tree Trim program. And some of the O&M was also driven by plan investment to ensure we continue to be well positioned for future years. The O&M timing variance will reverse in the second half of the year. I’d also like to remind you that in Q4 of 2021, we voluntarily implemented a one time margin deferral of $90 million to be applied to the acceleration of Tree Trim expenses over the next few years to further our reliability improvements. This is an expense that is non-recurring for the second half of 2022. So with favorable weather and strong first half performance, DTE Electric is in a solid position to increase guidance for the full year. Moving on to DTE Gas, operating earnings were $6 million, $1 million lower than the second quarter of 2021. The earnings variance was due to higher rate base and O&M cost partially offset by the implementation of base rates. Given the solid position year-to-date at the gas company, we’ll be raising the full year guidance for this business. Let’s move to DTE Vantage on the third row. Operating earnings were $28 million in the second quarter of 2022. This is a $6 million decrease from the second quarter last year due to the sunset of the REF business at the end of 2021, partially offset by higher earnings from the remainder of the portfolio. On the next row, you can see Energy Trading earnings were $7 million for the quarter. This is a decrease of $14 million from the second quarter of 2021, mainly due to the strong performance in the power portfolio that we had in 2021 offset by favorable performance and timing in our physical gas portfolio this year. Year-to-date energy trading is at $52 million of operating earnings, which is favorable to our full year guidance. As I mentioned on our first quarter call, some of this favorability is driven by strong performance and some is timing related due to strategic long positions that support physical positions that will occur in future months. While we do expect a reversal of the timing portion of this favorability, as we deliver on these positions, we are confident in increasing our guidance and energy trading to reflect a strong performance in the first half of the year. Finally, Corporate & Other was favorable $9 million quarter-over-quarter, which is primarily due to expenses we incurred in 2021 to opportunistically retire higher priced debt at the holding company. In the second quarter, we also saw the reversal of the favorable tax timing from the first quarter. Overall DTE earned $0.88 per share in the second quarter. Let’s turn to Slide 9. As Jerry mentioned, we are ahead of plan year-to-date, and we are increasing our 2022 operating EPS guidance at both DTE Electric and DTE Gas, primarily due to favorable weather. And we are increasing guidance at energy trading due to the strong performance through the first half of the year. Overall, we are increasing 2022 operating EPS guidance from midpoint of $5.90 per share to $6 per share. And we feel we are in great position to achieve this as well as continue to invest in our system to support performance in future years. Let me wrap up on Slide 10 and then we’ll take your questions. In summary, we feel great about our year-to-date financial results. We’re having a strong operational and financial start to 2022 and are increasing our operating EPS guidance midpoint to $6 per share, which provides over 8% growth from our 2021 original guidance midpoint. Our robust capital plan supports our strong long-term operating EPS growth while providing cleaner generation and increased reliability with a focus on customer affordability. DTE continues to be well positioned to deliver the premium total shareholder returns that investors have come to expect with strong operating EPS growth of 5% to 7% and a dividend growing in line with operating EPS. With that, I thank you for joining us today, and we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, good morning, guys.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Shar.
Dave Ruud: Hey, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: How you doing? So Jerry, let me just, if it’s okay start with the IRP as we’re kind of getting closer to the date. Do you have any sort of incremental thoughts on the overall approach beyond just the acceleration of coal and renewable investments? I mean, do you see opportunities for some immediate step-ups like a purchase of an existing asset or more gradual capital over time and any changes to in financing in either scenario?
Jerry Norcia: Well, we see, early in our plan as certainly incremental investments in renewables as well as batteries and also potential conversion of Belle River power plant to natural gas use. So we see those types of investments, Shar, coming into the plan and into view in the first five years of the plan. So those are the major areas that of opportunity that we see, and of course longer term we see significant investment in baseload generation potentially incremental renewables as well. So we’re getting pretty excited about how this plan is shaping up and we’re starting to get feedback from our stakeholders that is of course somewhat supportive. Some stakeholders want us to go faster. Some of them want us to go slower, but we’re feeling pretty good about how the plan is shaping up in order for it to be what I would say a resilient, reliable plan for our customers, as well as affordable and also valuable to our investors.
Shar Pourreza: Just to follow up on the slowing down. I mean, I know, I really want to just maybe focus on the coal assets, right? Because there seems to be a push in a few states to kind of maintain their viability longer for reliability purposes, et cetera. Any sense if your thoughts have changed in how to think about plants like Monroe, we’re still looking to accelerate those retirements, just given what we’ve seen in several states?
Jerry Norcia: I’d say Shar, thinking has not changed. If you look at how we’ve handled this thus far, we’ve retired a significant amount of coal already. We retired Saint Clair Rouge [ph] Trenton, and we’ve basically replaced those baseload generation assets, one for one with natural gas assets that we purchased, as well as the new power plant gas plant that we just built. And so we feel real good about our position in terms of having reliable and dispatchable generation. And I think you’ll see that pattern continue where not only will we build out renewable resources into our plan, but we’ll also have battery systems and we’ll have baseball generation in our future. That’ll help achieve our resilience and reliability as we look to retire Monroe sooner than what we had expected or a forecast that I should say.
Shar Pourreza: Yes, got it. Got it. And just last one for me just around the visibility of the Vantage growth and any kind of strategic updates. I mean, obviously there’s been some turbulence in RNG, which is one of the major drivers for that business, but at the same time, competitors are starting to merge more prominently focused on RNG. I guess, do you see that kind of complicating the development process, but more importantly as we’re thinking about strategically, does this kind of present even a better opportunity for you to recycle some or all of those assets?
Jerry Norcia: Shar start by saying that we’re always looking for opportunities to maximize investor value. In that business today, we see a strong – we have a strong line of sight to growth, especially in the landfill to RNG conversions. We’ve got a good inventory of those projects and those are still giving us mid-teens type of unlevered IRRs. So we feel really good about the growth but then again constant evaluation as to what’s the best path forward for our investors.
Shar Pourreza: Terrific. Thanks guys. Congrats on the results.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you, Shar.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Jeremy.
Dave Ruud: Hi, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: I just want to dive into low growth a little bit more, if you could share any more thoughts on your expectations for residential going forward here at this point in kind of the drivers, just thinking about how in post COVID world, if we are, things are kind of evolving at this point relative to prior expectations?
Jerry Norcia: Dave, you want to take that?
Dave Ruud: Sure. Hey, Jeremy. Yes, I’d say things are going as we had planned or as we had thought it would. If you remember our residential sales were up about 7% to 8% over pre COVID levels, kind of at the heart of everybody working at home. And we’re seeing that trend down. We saw that a little bit in this quarter with about a 2% lower residential sales this quarter, and we think that’s going to continue to trend down a little more as people come back to work. And that’s what we’ve contemplated in our rate case and just assuming we get closer to those pre COVID levels. And we have seen commercial and industrial come back. And so we’re flat overall, but we’re seeing as people tend to go back to work. We’re seeing some of that expected reduction in our residential sales, still higher than pre COVID right now.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s very helpful. And hot off the press and maybe too fresh, but just wondering this recent report surrounding mansion supporting, certain legislation out there on a climate package. And just wondering if you had any preliminary thoughts there or how this might or might not impact your upcoming IRP?
Jerry Norcia: Well, you’re right. It thought off the press. It’s interesting. And it was a good surprised last night. We’re not counting on any of this right now in our plan, but we think that there’s some good benefits and some good impacts to clean energy going forward. So we see the PTCs [ph] for solar actually PTCs for nuclear, and the increased value for carbon capture I’ll be on positive to help with this transition and really help with some of the things that we’d want to do in the IRP. So we’re going through and reviewing this. We had gone through it a year ago or whenever it first came out and kind of going back through and seeing what the impacts can be to our plan. But – so right now our plan didn’t contemplate at any of this, but this could all be good positive stuff for us.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s helpful. I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Insoo Kim from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Insoo Kim: Hey, thank you. First question going back to the IRP a little bit, and given, the recent experience by CMS or consumer’s energy and getting their IRP approved and the different items including still getting the recovery and return of the value of their coal points that they’re retiring early. Just I know it’s – we will just have to wait for the [indiscernible] but has that – how has that decision and the components of it impacted, I guess your planning a little bit, as you think about your fleet?
Jerry Norcia: Well, first of all, I'll say that the results in the CMS case were constructive and very positive and supportive of the plan that we're looking to file. I will also say that in terms of assets, we're looking in the first five years for a conversion of an asset. So we will not retire any coal facilities at this point in time, likely in the first three to four years, but it will start to fall into likely the tail end of our five year plan and beyond, where we'll pull forward the future retirements, where we have to address undepreciated amounts through either conversion to different beneficial use or perhaps accelerated depreciation or take the option that CMS took. So, lots of options available to us that we need to finalize as we look to pull forward retirements, especially the Monroe retirements, which there's four units there, and we'll do that in a likely in a staggered way. Hopefully, that answers your question.
Insoo Kim: No, that's good additional color. Okay. And then secondly, impressive guidance raise and that's almost a 9% EPS growth year-over-year off of the original. As we just think about the cost inflationary environment right now and I think you're doing your part every year to manage O&M or pull forward any extra levers you have to get ready for the following year. Is – how are you set up, I guess, for 2023, just given – I think this environment is a little bit more challenging than normal years that you've been experiencing?
Jerry Norcia: I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Dave, but I would say we're really well positioned for 2023. I would say that our 2022 raised guidance still has, what I would call, very adequate contingency in the plan to address the balance of the summer and the fall. And we're also looking at opportunities to pull forward maintenance expenses that help build contingency into 2023, lots of work in that regard. In terms of the inflationary pressures, I'll ask Dave to comment on those and how we're handling those in the 2023 planning and beyond.
Dave Ruud: Yes. We continue to – we see the impacts of inflation, but we continue to really work it hard to manage it to make sure it doesn't impact our plan going forward. We've had a really good success in the past of lowering our costs or keeping our costs down compared to our peers. And one of the things that we see is 85% of our spend is services and we haven't seen as much inflation there. So we're trying to manage that. And what we're doing really is looking at all of our long-term contracts, watching the market closely, extending some of those contracts, doing some bundling and some other bidding to help mitigate any of the impacts we see there. So we know the – we see the inflation. We feel it in – with the wages, but within our planning process, we've – we don't see it impacting our capital plans or our O&M going forward as we continue to find offsets for it.
Insoo Kim: Got it. That's good color. Thanks, Jerry. Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nicholas Campanella from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Nicholas Campanella: Hi. Good morning team. Thanks for taking the question.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Nicholas Campanella: I wanted to ask – hi, good morning, good morning. I wanted to ask about the new federal clean energy package just I imagine there's a lot of stuff in here that's similar to the prior. And on the point of just nuclear tax credits, you do have the exposure at Fermi. And what type of headroom does the PTC kind of create for customers there? And do you have capital opportunities that could backfill that bill headroom if needed? Any color there would be great.
Jerry Norcia: You're asking how the nuclear PTC can play in for us, Nick?
Nicholas Campanella: Yes, exactly, exactly.
Jerry Norcia: Yes, we're still looking through that. We looked at it in the last plan, too. And thought that it could be an advantage for even our plants in a regulated environment because of how it is still selling into the MISO market. So we're looking at that. It does have a phase out when the market price is high, but we think that it can be a nice backstop and really help with our customer affordability and as that comes in.
Nicholas Campanella: Got it. All right. All right. And then I guess just on the electric rate case, you do have a history of constructive outcomes there, but just how do you feel about ultimately being able to settle this case at this point?
Jerry Norcia: Nicholas, we're very interested in settling and we're having those conversations now. I would say that whether we settle or it goes to a final order without settlement, we're feeling good about a constructive outcome. Yes, this rate case is primarily about capital investment, and that capital investment is very well understood. It's not about increasing operating expenses, it's really about deploying capital that if we feel the commission, the staff as well as the administration is very supportive of this infrastructure build out as it relates to renewables and baseload generation as well as significant investment in our electric grid. So I believe that, that capital investment is very well understood and valued by the interested stakeholders. So we expect a good constructive outcome, but would love to settle this, certainly.
Nicholas Campanella: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Arcaro from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Arcaro: Hi, good morning. Thanks so much for taking my question. Just wondering on the…
Jerry Norcia: Hi, David. Good morning.
David Arcaro: Good morning – on the O&M pull-forward side of things, I was just wondering, is there a certain level of O&M that you've been able to pull forward so far into 2022 from 2023, just given the strength that you've had thus far in the first half?
Jerry Norcia: Dave?
Dave Ruud: Yes, we have been able to do some of that. Some of it was natural pull forward. We accelerated some of our tree trim expense, and we were able to do that because we – frankly, we had less storms. We were able to work through some of our tree trim that we've been able to pull forward. And then some of our outages or planned outages we were able to do a little bit earlier as well. So there is some of that, and that's what we're seeing play through in the second quarter.
David Arcaro: Yes. Okay, got it. Thanks.
Dave Ruud: But we are – we do feel like it's putting us in a nice position for 2023, the more of that we can do as well. So we try to manage a few years at a time here.
David Arcaro: Understood. And then thinking around the rate case, do you have any line of sight as to how long you might be able to stay out from rate cases again after the conclusion of this one? And would strategically your preference be to have it be several years between rate cases going forward?
Jerry Norcia: That's something we'll have to assess once we get the final results. Obviously, our desire is always to stay out as long as possible. But once we finalize, we'll have a better view on that. We are looking at in future rate cases, potential mechanisms, for example, trackers on capital that I would say is very transparent and very well understood, and that there seems to be renewed interest in that thought. So that's something that we may pursue in our next rate case.
David Arcaro: Got you. Thanks. And then last quick one. I was just wondering is there any commentary you'd provide on how the trading environment is looking thus far in 3Q, just in terms of the market volatility? Is there prospects for continued strength in that business?
Jerry Norcia: Well, I'd say, yes, you've seen there still is a lot of volatility in that area. We continue to manage things really tightly and have strict controls in there. But we're generally long in our physical position. We've had – frankly, we've had a really good year there. As we mentioned, we're at $52 million year-to-date in the business. But some of that is timing that we know will play out over the second half. But even with the volatility, there should be some additional opportunity there as well.
David Arcaro: Great. That makes sense. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Weisel from Scotiabank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Weisel: Hi. Good morning everyone. Just…
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Andrew Weisel: A lot of my questions have been asked and answered. I just wanted to ask two on the gas side. Can you give us any update on the clean energy natural gas program, the voluntary clean gas program? Where does that stand?
Jerry Norcia: Andrew, that we're getting subscriptions weekly. I would say that we're roughly around 5,000 to 6,000 customers that have signed up. So it's following a similar track as when we offered the MIGreenPower program on the electric side, so good interest. We're evolving the product, if you will, to try and attract commercial customers and industrial customers to the programs. So that will be the next evolution of that program. And when we do that, we will – we expect larger volumes. Right now, we're getting small volumes from residential customers and it's primarily a residential program, which is the way we started MIGreenPower. So we're going to continue to evolve that product as we've seen interest from some of our institutional customers and corporate customers that would like to enroll, so more to come on that.
Andrew Weisel: Do you think that business could be as big as the electric one relative to the proportionally?
Jerry Norcia: Too early to tell Andrew, but we're certainly seeing an interest in the product and as if you recall the product as really bio sequestration products, which are forestry products that we use as carbon offsets, as well as a small component of RNG. And so we'll have to look to be acquiring more assets to support what I would say, larger volumes, right? At this point in time, we've acquired assets in Michigan through third-parties that are in the forestry business that offer us those carbon assets and we're well supplied. And we're looking to see what the opportunities are for larger institutional corporate clients that would like to have this product. So more to come. It's hard to say if it'll be as big as the electric business, but I think it's three or four years to get that voluntary program on the electric side that really start humming and get significant interest in commitment.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. That's helpful. The other one is just on the gas rate case, any sense of when the next filing might come?
Jerry Norcia: We're looking either fourth quarter or first quarter, fourth quarter of this year or first quarter of next year.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. That would have rates in place for not this upcoming heating season, but the following one, right?
Jerry Norcia: That's correct.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Thank you very much.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Levine from Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ryan Levine: Good morning. Looks like about 40% of the EPS increase guidance was from energy trading. Would you be able to talk about how much of the year-to-date performance is expected to be reversed and then given the volatility of the last few weeks, does this guidance seem conservative from your perspective when you look for the remaining portion the year?
Dave Ruud: Ryan, that's a good question. You're right. We had another good quarter in trading and had a really good start to the year. So like I mentioned, we're at $52 million year-to-date in that business, and that's why we're confident raising the guidance from like you said, 15 to 25 up to 20 to 35. The timing impact is probably about half of that and the performance is another half. So we're seeing half of it that's really come out in performance. The timing could play out in two ways either with if we see prices come back or some of it just plays out as we deliver on the physical position. So if pricing doesn't come down as much, then there could be some favorability in that timing piece for the second half of the year too. But we're confident in the guidance right now.
Ryan Levine: How is that guidance set then, given the comment you just made, what are the book ends of the range that was provided?
Dave Ruud: The book ends are, if – well, we said it based on what we know we can achieve and what we think we can achieve. And so we see the performance part is right within the middle of that guidance. And then if some of the timing or the pricing doesn't play out in the downward way, then we can reach the high-end of that guidance.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then as in the release, looks like you reaffirmed your longer-term EPS growth guidance. Should we view that to be off of a rebates 2022 number that reflects the higher 2022 guidance?
Dave Ruud: That's off the original 2022 guidance is where we go from.
Ryan Levine: Of the original. Okay, appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steve Fleishman: Hi, good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Hey Jerry, I'm just curious going back to a question before on the RNG business, there was this recent transaction for Vanguard Renewables, and I'd be curious, just any thought on kind of the pricing valuation of that and how it impacts, how you're thinking about the value advantage?
Jerry Norcia: Yeah, we saw that as well Steve. It was – there are different business than us and that they don't have as many operating projects, but it did look like a really good opportunity and shows great interest still and great confidence in the RNG market going forward and the opportunity for additional development of projects. So it started to do a direct comparison of pricing, but was viewed as a positive in the market that there's still some strong in – still a lot of strong interest in RNG.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then – and I apologize, this is also kind of breaking news questions, but just in past, when I think late last year when BBB was first likely you talked about interest and you've talked about interest in carbon capture and storage and opportunities there long-term, could you maybe just talk a little bit about how you're thinking about that business opportunity?
Jerry Norcia: Sure. Steve, we – certainly we're encouraged by the tax benefits that the current plan could offer. We need to understand it clearly, but we've got a handful of projects that we're looking at early feasibility stage and in our service territory, as well as outside service territory. And these could be quite interesting with enhanced tax credits, especially the 45Q that we believe is being proposed to change in that. So more to come on that but could be quite interesting in terms of evolving potential investment opportunity.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. My last unfair question is just, I guess, Dave, just in terms of thinking about this 15% minimum tax, could you just give a sense of whether that would be an issue for you at all?
Dave Ruud: Yeah, Steve, we looked at this before and we got to revisit it again just to go through how it could all work. When we spend time with it a year ago, we understood that we could – we think it could work on earnings basis. We can find ways to offset the earnings. It may have a little bit of a cash hit, but it wasn't that strong. Also want to look at how that plays into some of the renewable development projects and the accelerated depreciation. There is the other piece of that, but we were able to – as we were doing some of our analysis mitigate most of the impacts of what that seems like it could do.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, great. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Our last question will come from Anthony Crowdell from Mizuho. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Anthony Crowdell: Good morning, Jerry. Good morning, Dave
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Anthony.
Dave Ruud: Hey Anthony.
Anthony Crowdell: Hopefully just two quick ones just related to, I'm just looking at 516 on the convertible equity units. When I think of the dilution you get hit with I think it's November or fourth quarter of this year, the tailwinds that you guys have going into 2023 to kind of offset this, I'm thinking of the electric rate case and maybe more earnings for Vantage. Are there any other tailwinds that maybe potentially offset the dilution?
Dave Ruud: I would say Anthony, the entire capital plan at both utilities is a fundamental tailwind that will move us through 2023. And we're pretty confident we're going to achieve our growth targets in 2023 because of the primarily driven by the capital plan at the two utilities. I think you'll see that our growth of both utilities is very healthy in 2023. And that's what will move us through. And also Vantage of course, will make its contribution in its growth. We're adding $15 million a year there. So all three entities are really going to drive us through 2023. And that dilution that you talked about.
Anthony Crowdell: And I actually don't think you want to answer this, but would you be able to give us – would, the company be willing to give us guidance on net income? Like right now we have, I think 5% to 7% EPS growth. I mean, I'm thinking for net income from 2022 to 2023 or base year, it's more, much higher above the 5% to 7%, is that something that company would provide?
Dave Ruud: Oh, that's something we can look to provide Anthony, show the growth that our underlying utilities maybe is the something we've shown in the past. So that's something that we can look at also.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks so much for taking my questions.
Jerry Norcia: Yep. Thanks Anthony.
Dave Ruud: Thank you, Anthony.
Operator: We have no further questions. I'd like to turn a call back over to Jerry Norcia for any closing remarks.
Jerry Norcia: Well thank you everyone for joining us today. I'll just close by saying that DTE had a very successful second quarter and we'll – and we're feeling great about the remainder of 2022 and also our long-term plan. I hope everyone has a great morning and stays healthy and safe. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Brent, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DTE Energy First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. It's now my pleasure to turn today's call over to Ms. Barbara Tuckfield, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Barbara Tuckfield: Thank you, and good morning everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind you to read the Safe Harbor statement on page two of the presentation. Including the reference to forward-looking statements, our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix. With us this morning are Jerry Norcia, President and CEO; and Dave Ruud, Senior Vice President and CFO. And now, I'll turn it over to Jerry to start the call this morning.
Jerry Norcia: Thanks, Barb, and good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us. On today's call, I'll start off by discussing DTE's strong start for 2022 and provide highlights on our transition to cleaner generation. Dave Ruud will provide a financial update and wrap things up before we take your questions. As shown on slide four, the success that DTE has achieved continues to be the result of our focus on employees, customers and communities. We continue to focus on improving the health and well-being of our team, and cultivating deeper employee engagement, which results in being able to deliver service excellence. Beginning with our team, for the 10th consecutive year DTE earned the Gallup Great Workplace Award. When we won our first award, they told us the hardest thing to do would be to win it again. And now, we have done it for a full decade. I'm proud of this recognition, which shows the dedication and engagement of our team. And as you know, we've said before, high engagement is the secret sauce that drives our success. I've always said, if we serve each other well, we can deliver for our customers, our communities and our investors, and we're doing just that. On the customer front, one of our top priorities this year is to further harden our system in preparation for the upcoming storm season. As you know, we experienced extreme weather last year and we are working toward building an even more reliable grid of the future. DTE's reliability plan is focused on four strategic pillars, tree trimming, infrastructure resiliency and hardening, infrastructure redesign and technology automation, and we are focusing these efforts on areas that we know are most vulnerable. Tree trimming, we are enhancing our efforts and have greatly increased our investment with a particular focus on the most vulnerable circuits to improve reliability and customer satisfaction. And we know that surfaces that have been trimmed have experienced a 70% improvement in interruptions and a 65% improvement in outage minutes. So, we know this effort yields results. We are also converting existing electric circuits to a modern distribution system. Circuits which have been hardened experienced an 80% improvement in the average number of sustained interruptions and a 43% reduction in wire-down events. We continue increasing our investment and remote monitoring and control devices, building an advanced distribution management system, modernizing our system operation center which started operating in February, and enhanced cyber security. We remain committed to meeting our long-term reliability targets and improving our customers' experience. Moving onto our communities, we are making strides and providing support through our workforce investment priorities, which include increasing the number of jobs for those with barriers, enhancing job readiness and attracting employers to Detroit and other areas in Michigan. One example of our efforts is the Tree Trim Academy we've built right here in Detroit. This program individuals to become apprentices and importantly, it teaches skills to prepare them for the responsibilities of the job. Tree trim jobs bring prosperity to people who pursue them and also offer a strong pipeline to longer-term opportunities such as overhead line work. Upon completion of the Tree Trim Academy, graduates begin their apprenticeship which takes about 2.5 years to complete. During this time, journeymen tree trimmers make a good wage with full union benefits for themselves and their families. It's a great example of matching a business need with the community need, and that's when we get magic. We are proud that our Tree Trim Academy was recently recognized by Boston College with its innovation award in the category of transformative partnership. With highly engaged employees, customers who are satisfied with their service and communities that are resilient and thriving, we will continue to deliver value for our investors. Let's turn to slide five. We delivered a strong first quarter with operating EPS of $2.31, fueled by solid performances across all of our business lines. And we are on track to deliver 7% operating EPS growth from our 2021 original guidance midpoint. At DTE Electric, we filed our first general rate case in almost 3 years. This rate filing is really about moving our infrastructure investments forward, and we continue to focus on doing this in an affordable way. I'm proud of the work we've done with the Michigan Public Service Commission to develop innovative ways to maintain affordability, and we will continue to focus on keeping rates manageable as we invest in the system. Following a very successful 2021 for MIGreenPower, our voluntary renewables program, we hit an important milestone in early 2022 with over 50,000 residential customers now subscribing to the program. At DTE Gas, we are accelerating the 35% reduction target of Scope 3 customer greenhouse gas emissions a full decade, from 2050 to 2040. Advancements in greener technologies like green hydrogen, carbon capture and sequestration, renewable natural gas and customer voluntary offset programs will enable the Company to accelerate this goal. We also continue our important main renewal work with a target of completing another 200 miles in 2022, ensuring we can continue providing safe and reliable service to our customers. Our Natural Gas Balance program is also progressing, and we have over 6,500 customers subscribed to offset their greenhouse gas emissions. We are proud of how this first-of-its-kind program is growing. Additionally, DTE Gas launched another project that showcases our commitment to a clean energy future in Michigan. We partnered with the City of Grand Rapids to help supply renewable natural gas to fuel their vehicles. This RNG will supply natural gas fueling stations as well as power buses and fleet vehicles. At DTE Vantage, we have multiple onsite energy projects and dairy RNG projects coming online in the second half of the year. This is in addition to the conversion project I mentioned in our year-end call that goes into service in 2023. With this new project, DTE and our 50% partner will build a new RNG facility to take biogas from our Michigan-based landfill and convert it into pipeline quality renewable natural gas. Additionally, we have a strong pipeline of projects that support growth in this business, including additional landfill to RNG conversions. We feel great about our strong start to the year and we're confident in achieving our 2022 operating EPS guidance. Our robust utility capital investment plan of $18 billion over the next 5 years and $40 billion over the next 10 years supports our future growth. We have a history of achieving the high end of our operating EPS growth target, and as I've said, we continue to evaluate our long-term growth target and expect to provide an update on this later in the year as we update our 5-year plan. We are also targeting dividend growth in line with our operating EPS growth. Now on slide six, we're more focused than ever on our environmental initiatives, including several significant milestones in 2022. The Blue Water Energy Center, our new natural gas plant, is on track to go into service later this quarter. This state-of-the-art facility has an 11,00-megawatt capacity and was constructed on time and on budget. Also this year, our Trenton Channel and St. Clair power plants will cease operations. After this transition, roughly 38% of DTE's generation mix will be attributable to the coal. And by 2028, after we cease coal use at our 1,000-megawatt Belle River power plant, coal will represent less than 30% of our generation mix. We are well on the path toward our net zero emissions goal. As we highlighted last year, we are filing our Integrated Resource Plan in October this year. We continue evaluate the opportunity to exit coal use at the Monroe power plant earlier than 2020. We hosted meetings for the public to participate in shaping our Clean Energy Plan. Getting our stakeholders' input early in the process ensures that what matters most to them is taken into consideration as we work to achieve the right balance of energy resources that will provide cleaner, affordable and reliable power for decades to come. I'll just round out my comments by telling you how very excited I am about the position of our Company, with the progress we have made and the opportunities we have in front of us. We are off to a strong start in 2022 and we are in a great position to deliver on our targets. We are seeing favorability at both utilities and we are finding ways to use this favorability to create a highly successful year in 2023 as well as the years beyond that. In the longer term, I've highlighted a number of investment opportunities this morning, including the acceleration of coal retirements and transition to more renewable power, building the grid of the future to combat more severe weather and support the prospect of significant demand growth, and finally to continue replacement of cast iron main and steel in our gas utility system, preparing that business for long-term success. As you can seem, we have a great line of sight of customer-focused investment in our system for the next decade. This puts us in a strong position to deliver for our customers and investors in both the near term and the long-term. With that, I'll turn it over to Dave to give you the financial update.
Dave Ruud: Thanks, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. Let me start on slide seven to review our first quarter financial results. Operating earnings for the quarter were $448 million. This translates into $2.31 per share. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment including a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. I'll start the review at the top of the page with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $201 million for the quarter, ahead of our internal plan but slightly lower than the first quarter last year. The drivers of the variance were higher rate-based cost and higher O&M, which included the additional investment in the acceleration of our Vegetation Management Program. This was partially offset by cooler weather and the acceleration of the deferred tax amortization in 2022 that was implemented to delay the filing of our rate case and keep rates flat during the pandemic. Moving onto DTE Gas, operating earnings were $196 million, $27 million higher than the first quarter of 2021. The earnings increase was driven primarily by the implementation of base rates and cooler weather in 2022, partially offset by rate-based costs. Let's move to DTE Vantage on the third row. Operating earnings were $14 million in the first quarter of 2022. This was a $14 million decrease from the first quarter last year due to the sunset of the REF business at the end of 2021, partially offset by higher RNG earnings this quarter. We remain on track to achieve full-year guidance to DTE Vantage. On the next row, you can see Energy Trading had another strong quarter, mainly due to strong performance and also some timing in our physical gas portfolio. The accounting timing favorability was largely due to strategic long positions that support physical positions later in the year. Due to these timing related gains, we're not changing our conservative full-year guidance as some of the favorability could reverse later in the year. Finally, Corporate & Other was favorable $22 million quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to the timing of taxes. Overall, DTE earned $2.31 per share in the first quarter, so a strong start to the year puts us in a great position for the remainder of 2022. Let's turn to slide eight. We continue to focus on maintaining solid balance sheet metrics. Due to our strong cash flows, DTE has minimal equity issuances in our plan beyond the equity units that will convert later this year. We have a strong investment-grade credit rating and target an FFO to debt ratio of 16%. We increased our 2022 dividend by 7%, continuing our track record of growing our dividend in line with the top end of our targeted EPS growth rate. In the first quarter of 2022, DTE completed a green bond issuance of $400 million. This is DTE's fourth green bond issuance in the past 5 years for a total of over $2.5 billion. DTE is Michigan's leading producer of, and investor in renewable energy, and these funds support our net zero emissions goals. Let me wrap up on slide nine, and then we will open the line for questions. In summary, we feel great about the start to the year. Through the remainder of the year, DTE will continue to focus on our team, customers, communities and investors. We are on track to achieve our 2022 operating EPS guidance midpoint of $5.90 per share, which provides 7% growth from our 2021 final guidance midpoint. Our robust capital plan supports our strong long-term operating EPS growth by delivering cleaner generation and increased reliability, and focusing on customer affordability. DTE continues to be well positioned to deliver the premium total shareholder returns that our investors have come to expect, with strong utility growth and a dividend growing in line with operating EPS. With that, I thank you for joining us today and we can open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Shar Pourreza: Congrats on a great quarter and start to the year. My first question is on the IRP. Michigan had a strong recent data point for IRP mechanisms like the regulatory asset treatment and the increasing administrative support for clean energy. How does that inform or change the outlook for the October IRP? Do you see a stronger case for some of the accelerated retirements that you've been talking about?
Jerry Norcia: We do and we thought it was a really constructive outcome, which continues to be the case here in Michigan where we have constructive policies, energy policies and constructive commission to administer those energy policies. So, we are really encouraged by it. We are also really encouraged by the fact that it's a balanced outcome between renewables and dispatchable resources to ensure both reliability and affordability for the state. So as it relates to our IRP, we continue to interact with various stakeholders and taking in their feedback. And we are looking to retire Belle River, as we mentioned, if I recall in 2028 and convert it to gas. And certainly, we are looking really hard at how aggressive we can pull forward the retirement schedule for the four units at Monroe, which is our largest coal plant. So, much of that is in progress. So, we are consulting. We are highly encouraged by the outcome and certainly we'll support what we plan to file.
Shar Pourreza: Thanks, that's helpful. And as we're thinking about the longer-term financing needs, you notably stand higher than some of the peers on metrics. And combined with the business mix improvement over the years, do you envision more flexibility from rating agencies on thresholds and is there are a range of scenarios where you could utilize some of that dry powder like you talked about the opportunities on IRP, resiliency, et cetera.
Dave Ruud: Yes. Constantine, this is Dave Ruud. Yes, we do still have that pretty conservative 16% FFO to debt number that's in there. And when you look across some of our peers and with the rating agencies, that does give us some good headroom to any of the downgrade levels. So we like the position we're in now. We like to have that strong position. But it's something that we'll continue to think about as we go forward.
Shar Pourreza: Excellent. And maybe just a quick aside on DTE Vantage, is the focus still on - growth and we have noted the market getting a little bit more competitive. And there has been some opportunities to include R&D into rate base on the regulated construct. Is there a potential parallel path forward there?
Jerry Norcia: Right now, we're concentrating on greenfield projects in the RNG space, and we've been able to find really nice projects that give us mid-teens type of unlevered returns after tax and cash payback in a 3-year to 5-year time frame. And as you just saw, we found a project like that in Michigan where we are actually converting it from power generation to RNG, and the IRRs are even stronger than the ones I mentioned for those types of projects. And we've got a good list of opportunities in that regard and we're very selective because we're only looking for $7 million, $8 million a year to come from that space and the other half of our growth is coming from on- site -- projects management of onsite energy infrastructure and we've got a good -- some good prospects in that space as well and those are typically underpinned by long-term fixed-fee type of arrangements with good IRRs. So, good pipeline of opportunities there. We are still continuing to see nice growth advantage. And in terms of rate base, we do have an RNG project that we're doing with the City of Grand Rapids, but it's really their wastewater treatment facility that is producing the RNG and we're investing to make it pipeline quality and inject it into our system. So, that's some opportunity but I would say that's modest at this point in time.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, understand. That's a very helpful update. Thank you so much. Thanks for taking the questions.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Ryan Karnish: This is actually Ryan Karnish on for Jeremy. Thanks for taking my question.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Ryan.
Ryan Karnish: Good morning. I guess I just wanted to follow-up on DTE Vantage there. And I appreciate you guys keep kind of finding effective projects, but just thinking through the relative kind of competition in the RNG space, would you consider at any point maybe monetizing that asset or partial monetization or do you still kind of see a good runway to kind of keep growing it organically?
Jerry Norcia: Well, we certainly see a good runway to continue to grow organically and we've been really focused on organic development. When you are looking at existing operations, there are attracting a very high premium. So when you asked about would we consider selling that business, we're always looking for ways to optimize and maximize shareholder value. I think you can see that in our TSR, the 10-year, 5-year, 3-year and 1-year were at the top of the -- top of our peer set, and that's because we always look for ways to maximize value. So, if we do see an opportunity where it could be valued more than how it's currently valued in our portfolio, we would seriously consider. We're always on the lookout for those opportunities.
Ryan Karnish: No, understood. I appreciate the color. And then, just one for me on what you're kind of seeing at this point on the supply chain side. I know solar in particular has been a big focus across the sector. I don't know if there's anything that you kind of note that you're seeing across your supply chain or any concerns you have over the remainder of the year, either on the O&M side or the capital side?
Jerry Norcia: Yes, I would say on the solar piece, obviously that's a big topic in the industry with the recent Department of Commerce matter that's evolved, that I'm sure many of you are familiar with. And for 2022, there is no impact. We have what we need. We did have a built in 2023, about 300 megawatts that we're looking to build to support our voluntary program. If that was delayed into 2024 because of the Department of Commerce actions, they really have no impact on our 2022, 2023 earnings and we can manage through that quite easily. If it persists longer term, certainly we have a deep portfolio of capital investment opportunities at our utilities that we can deploy, as we've mentioned before. But we're still really excited about our voluntary program where you've got about a 1,000 megawatts signed up already and another 1,200 megawatts, what I would say is late stages of negotiations. So, still a very active program and our customers love the product. So, we're hoping that this issue with the Department of Commerce resolves itself quickly.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is [Darius] on for Julian. Thank you for taking the question.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: My question -- I just wanted to touch on briefly about -- I think you mentioned in the opening remarks, later in the year expecting an update on the long-term cadence. Just curious, are you waiting on any specific inputs or developments between now and that expected update or is it more just a preference to maintain your historical cadence of getting that update usually in the November time frame?
Jerry Norcia: Well, I would say that one of the key things that we're looking to finalize is our Integrated Resource Plan, which we will file in October, and that will provide significant instruction, if you will, in terms of what our long-term capital plans will be. And so, that's why we are timing it with sort of a fall period in terms of updating our long-term 5-year plan. And that's pretty traditional how we do it. So I think two reasons, one is the IRP is really -- will shed light on our long-term capital plans as we look to transform our generation fleet. And secondly, it's usually the time that we do update our 5-year plan.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you. That's very helpful. One more if I could just on how things are shaping up here in 2022. It looks like once again and the Energy Trading segment did quite well in Q1. Just curious, I mean are you expecting now given that strong result in Q1 to be trending to the upper end of your guidance range for the year or perhaps are there other items that you're seeing coming up in -- later on in the year that might mitigate that?
Jerry Norcia: I'll start by saying that Dave and I both mentioned in our opening remarks that all of our BEUs, our building contingency, our electric company, our gas company, primarily due to weather and certainly Vantage is tracking ahead of plan as well and of course, you've seen the results at trading which are also tracking significantly ahead of plan. So, we will likely provide an update after the second quarter as to where we are -- where we expect our EPS to trend toward. We have a good feel for the summer weather shaping up. So -- but I can tell you that we are building contingency above our midpoint at this point in time.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Angie Storozynski with Seaport. Your line is open.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. I was just wondering, given what we saw in the MISO capacity auction that the region -- clarity is struggling to manage the load with generation resources. And granted that it's just one-year forward, but is there any thought that maybe you might be rethinking the timing of your coal plant retirement?
Jerry Norcia: Well, thanks for the question, Angie. The retirements that we've made have been essentially replaced almost completely by two acquisitions -- gas plant acquisitions that we made about 5 years or 6 years ago and also the construction of the new Blue Water Energy Center, which is 1,100-megawatt combined cycle plant. So, we've brought online into our portfolio over 2,000 megawatts of dispatchable generation to replace the 2,300 megawatts of coal retirements. In addition to that, we've built wind as well, which also provides energy, not necessarily a lot of capacity during the summer months, but certainly provides energy supply. The state is running tight on capacity and there is concerns about how we -- how the state moves forward in that regard. But we feel like from our perspective, we've got adequate supply to supply our demand. Now, we do have coal plants that have been retired and will retire like St. Clair power plant, for example, is 1,100-megawatt coal plant that, if necessary, we could bring back online if there was an emergency situation, but that's certainly something we'll rely on MISO to make a determination.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then, moving on to Vantage, I heard your comments about looking at ways to extract value from this business. But we would -- it would be great if you guys could provide us with some additional disclosures, especially around that -- and segmentally for that business. Now, when you look at public comps for RNG companies and some for the district energy, do you -- I mean do you see big differences between the assets that you have and develop and those that have been changing hands or you think that those public comps are just good indicators of the value of these assets -- of your assets?
Jerry Norcia: Yes, we're looking at those pretty hard, Angie, and watching them and then comparing them to how we feel it's valued in our portfolio. So, we're constantly we are looking at those and -- but it's something that we're looking at very hard always to see we better -- are we the better owners or are others better owners of these assets. I can tell you that provides nice cash flows and nice returns for our current investors. But Angie, we remain very open to creating value always. If there is an opportunity to create incremental value, we will pursue it. Angie, could you repeat the question on net disclosures?
Angie Storozynski: Yes, I was just -- because you guys showed us --, I don't see any slide on Vantage in today's presentation, I think I didn't at least. In the past, you guys showed us a breakdown of net income. I was hoping that we could see a breakdown of EBITDA because of those peers and other private transactions that have happened with like Seewen or Veolia were done on - and I was just hoping that we could get some insight into that.
Jerry Norcia: Right, we'll note that. And thanks for that feedback.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Insoo Kim: First question, going back to Vantage and just more on a fundamental basis, how do we think about in a higher price gas environment that we're in currently, how the -- I guess the demand for RNG projects or -- in that realm gets impacted at all by that, just curious on your thoughts on whether you've seen any changes there.
Jerry Norcia: We haven't seen any fundamental changes, certainly in demand. Most of this product goes into the transportation markets, especially the very gas goes into the California transportation markets and so we have not seen a change in demand. We have seen some changes in the federal pricing for the product as well as the California pricing for the product. But overall the pricing is right on top of our pro forma. I don't know, Dave, if you want to add anything to that?
Dave Ruud: I think that's right. And I think as we're seeing more LDCs put RNG coals into their system, we're actually seeing demand for RNGs over time -- it feels like it's going to be rising. So, I think demand for the product is going to go -- is going to be going up.
Insoo Kim: Understood. Yes, I just wanted to get clarification on there. And then my second question, I guess obviously, whether it's labor or materials inflation on the cost side and now impacting the entire world, but I did see on in the Electric utility segment you pointing out O&M a little bit. But just broadly, given the contingencies you have, I think you're relatively comfortable to manage that. But just with the trends you've seen, has the increase in -- whether it's labor costs or materials costs been more pronounced than you would have expected I guess when you -- just a few months ago when you gave guidance?
Jerry Norcia: Well, this is something we are watching very closely and we are planning accordingly to ensure no negative impacts to our plans. First, I'll say, we've demonstrated long history of being able to manage cost effectively, including inflation. And so far, we are not seeing the impacts of inflation here and I think it's really how we're structured now. About 85% of our spend is through services and we just haven't seen as much inflation there. And then, we also have a lot of long-term contracts that service well through these periods. So overall, not seeing any negative impacts to our plans for the year or longer-term plans. The O&M at Electric was a little higher, but that was mainly due to accelerating some of our tree trim spend that we wanted to get through quickly to help our reliability as we came through from summer, but not an inflation impact there.
Operator: Your next question is from Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Jonathan Arnold: Just on Vantage, you obviously said here that it's ahead of plan and I think you raised the plan last quarter. When we look at the -- whatever quarter came in relative to annual guidance, it looks a good bit below what just the average run rate would be. So, can you maybe talk a little bit about seasonality in that business post-res and also just to what extent that catch-up is going to come from new projects, et cetera?
Dave Ruud: Yes, that's a good question. I think you nailed most of the answer in your question. First, we do feel really good about this segment and where we are relative to our year-end guidance and being able to come in at that. This quarter is lower than the expected annualized number, but it's primarily due to some known plant outages that we had. And so, it's going to be made up through the year as that happens. And then we do have some projects that come online, some RNG and some industrial energy service projects that come online later in the year. So, we feel really good about our guidance for this segment.
Jonathan Arnold: Great, thanks for that, Dave. And then just on trading, you talked about operating and then also some of it was timing. Can you maybe unpack for us a little bit how much is timing that you think may reverse and how much is sort of just straight out performance?
Dave Ruud: Yes, we had a great quarter in trading and it's -- primarily it all came in our gas physical business where we're serving LDCs and producers. And what we saw is a lot of it is just great performance but about half of it could be timing that can -- that will play out later in the year. So, that's why we're not raising guidance on this right now, it is because we want to see how that timing plays out. But it's -- a little over half of it was -- of our perform -- of it was performance and then there is some of that is timing that we have hedged positions that can change or they can come down as we flow the gas later in the year.
Jonathan Arnold: So it sounds like you're saying it may reverse, but you are not committed -- you don't necessarily see that?
Dave Ruud: There is some that we know will reverse and some that may reverse.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And then maybe if I could just squeeze in one other just a high level one, yes, some updated thoughts on just where you see customer bill trajectory shaping up relative to inflation out there? You've obviously had the rate case. We've got fuel costs on the up. You've been pretty good at finding ways to mitigate -- there's still pressure. So maybe just some thoughts around that too.
Jerry Norcia: Sure, Jonathan, maybe I'll start and Dave can add to it. But let's start with the Electric Generation portfolio. One of the values we have in a diversified portfolio where we've got wind, nuclear, gas and coal in the portfolio, it allows us to weather some of the commodity pressures as well as the fact that with our coal purchases, we're purchased through 2023 from a price perspective. So, we feel really good about our coal purchases which is the bulk of our generation assets at this point in time. And of course nuclear as well, so we're purchased through 2028. So, we feel good about that as well. So I feel on the generation side, the fact that we have a diversified portfolio and that we're somewhat hedged for some time help soften the commodity price pressures that the industry is seeing. On the natural gas business we've got north of more than 75% of our gas purchase for the winter of 2022, 2023 and about 25% purchased from a price perspective for the 2023, 2024 winter, and that's just normally how we've bought gas at the LDC for over a decade and it helps smooth the ups and the downs in gas pricing for our customers. But if these prices persist for multiple years, then I think we will start to see pressure. And we're starting to look at ways how we can offset those pressures through cost reduction initiatives as well as revenue initiatives that -- we see opportunities development in our business. So I don't know if that helps, Jonathan.
Operator: Your next question is from Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Andrew Weisel: My first question is, I want to follow up on renewables. I appreciate your comments on the DOC and supply chain concerns, but what about the more local issues? How big of our NIMBY issues in Michigan or the debate around rooftop solar and cross-subsidization? And just sort of how do you think about those risks potentially impacting your near-term plans?
Jerry Norcia: So I would say, we've got a really strong land position for solar and we're working really closely with municipalities to ensure that there is a productive outcome when we go for permitting. That's usually where, as you mentioned, there could be pressure points. And we certainly secure more acres than we will likely need because we know that there is always going to be problems with some of the acreage that we've optioned for the solar developments. But I can tell you that we've optioned tens of thousands of acres and we feel pretty confident that we can execute the plan that we have in front of us over the next handful of years and beyond. So, that feels good. In terms of rooftop solar, certainly customers are open to rooftop solar at any time, and I think we've got legislation that limits how much can be highly subsidized and there is always a continuing debate as to how much rooftop solar should be subsidized. Now what I will also say that we're offering solar products to our residential customers, and as I mentioned, we are over 50,000 -- I think we are around 55,000 customers signed up already and we are signing up customers every week because the cost of utility scale solar is about a third of the cost of rooftop solar and you don't have to drill thousands of holes in your roof. So, i.e., it seems to be a desirable product that we're offering. So not only is it -- customers can do it if they like and they can do as much of it as they like but without subsidy and we can also offer them an alternative. But it is a continuing debate.
Andrew Weisel: Great, thank you. That's helpful. And my follow-up is, forgive me, I'm going to ask about the IRP even though it's still months away. So my question is almost more philosophical. To whatever degree generation CapEx might exceed what's in the current plan for the next few years, would you scale down spending in other categories like distribution in light of either affordability concerns or balance sheet pressures, or would that just be upside?
Jerry Norcia: We obviously -- in order to inject more capital into the plan, we have to find ways to create room for it from an affordability perspective. Overall, we've got very large inventories of capital that we could deploy in the distribution side and certainly even on the generation side, as we start to build out our renewables portfolio first and then eventually build baseload plans to support the retirement of large coal infrastructure. The limiting factor for us is always affordability. So as we introduce more capital into the plan, we have to find ways to offset it with affordability initiatives. And some of those affordability initiatives are enabled by our renewables investment. So for example, this year we filed for the first time in my memory a reduction in O&M expense on an absolute basis in our rate case; because of the conversion from coal to gas and to renewables the operating expense is much lower. And so, there is an offset that our capital programs do create but our capital programs also do create pressure. So long way of saying is that we will manage affordability and we will drive distinctive growth for our investors.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ryan Levine with Citi. Your line is open.
Ryan Levine: What's your current outlook for volumetric trends for residential and industrial customer load for the remaining portion of the year?
Dave Ruud: Yes, we're -- you probably saw our quarter-over-quarter results and residential versus last year was down about a percent and our commercial back up 2% and our industrial was overall pretty flat. So overall, our load was flat versus last year. What we are still seeing is some increased residential usage from what we would have thought where we'd be pre-COVID. We expect that to start coming down -- we are starting to see that come down as more people returning to work. So, we expect that the trend back down, but we are still seeing some upside there. But overall, load is pretty flat according -- or versus last year.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then on Energy Trading, just want to make sure I heard this correctly. So, you are saying about 50% of the contribution for the first quarter is cemented and the other half is more volumetric as opposed to later in the year. That kind of puts to you at the high end of the range just from the first quarter contribution. Is there any reason to believe that you won't continue to earn from that segment for the remaining portion of the year, that one push you above your range?
Dave Ruud: Well, we just -- we like to manage that business really conservatively and have some contingency built in there. So, we tend to do well in the second half of the year as we have some of these things flow. But we just want to remain conservative right now in this area. So, we're not moving our guidance at this point.
Ryan Levine: Sure. And what role is -- do green bonds have for the future financing plans for DTE? And what are the drivers of the recent financing decision?
Dave Ruud: We see the green bonds supporting our renewable and our green initiatives and gives industrials an -- opportunity bond investors an opportunity to participate in that. So as we continue to grow our renewable portfolio, we expect to have more of that and be able to utilize more of that in the future to help support that.
Ryan Levine: Is there any contingencies around certain renewable generation content within your portfolio?
Dave Ruud: These go into specific projects and assets, and so there -- they have to be -- they have to go towards those assets that they work. So, it's not to the overall portfolio, but they're aimed at particular renewable assets.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Michael Sullivan: Jerry, just wanted to follow up quick on the sales commentary there. In Q1 -- maybe just for Dave actually. It looked like industrial actually ticked down a little bit, whereas the recent trend has been kind of upwards. So is that just like a one-quarter thing or any additional color around that?
Dave Ruud: Yes, it's more of a quarter thing. It's because of the chip shortages that we are seeing across the -- across some of the items in some of the areas that we just had a -- have a dip there. I don't think it's -- not a long-term -- there is not been any additional shutdowns or closing. It's just the chip shortage for the manufacturing sector.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, great. That makes a lot of sense. And then, I also just wanted to clarify on the DoC impact on solar, maybe you could just give me like what the current plan is for solar additions, like I think you said you're all good on 2022 but on solar, are you adding this year and then next year? The 300 megawatts that's impacted, is that all the solar or do you have some additional that is un-impacted, maybe just a little more on that.
Jerry Norcia: The -- yes, this year we're good. We're sitting at about 500 megawatts built for our voluntary program through this year, and our next year we're planning to build about 300 megawatts that we would build and then 200 megawatts we would expect in PPAs. So, right now our vendors or tell us they're going to furnish but with DoC, we're thinking in the worst case that it gets pushed a year into 2024 and certainly we can manage that in our plan for next year. And if it was pushed beyond 2024, which we highly doubt, but then we have started to think about what other contingencies we could pull in terms of capital deployments. We've got, as you know, a deep pool of potential investments we could bring forward and pull forward. So we are -- that's how we're thinking about it right now.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, great. How much is planned for 2024 as is right now?
Jerry Norcia: I don't think we've put that out there yet. Dave or Barb, I mean 2,500 megawatts is what we got over 5 years. So, I could give you a feel as to how big the program is over a 5-year period.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Anthony Crowdell: You guys seem to have a high-class problem, like less than 10% of your business generates all the questions. I guess that's a good thing versus everybody questioning 90% of your business.
Jerry Norcia: We think we have a high-class company, Anthony, for sure.
Anthony Crowdell: Just -- most of my questions are answered. Just a quick one I have. I think a nice data point with the IRP filing with CMS reaching a settlement, you guys have a pending electric case you haven't settled in the new electric rate environment since I think 2006. Is it likely that you settle here or the Company continues on the track of maybe going fully litigated?
Jerry Norcia: Well, we are going to certainly engage all the stakeholders in a potential settlement and because it's a pretty straightforward case, I mean really, we're not asking for more O&M expense, we're actually asking for less, and it's really all about infrastructure, that's very necessary for the state, primarily pointing that our electric grid and also the continued transformation of our generation fleet, so pretty straightforward case. Our strategy is that we'd like to settle. We'll know more in the middle of May, Anthony, when we see the staff filings and intervener filings and then we'll engage and try to close it out before the end of the summer, if we can.
Anthony Crowdell: Great.
Jerry Norcia: But whether we settle or litigate, we've had very, very constructive outcomes as you've seen in the State of Michigan.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And I guess just lastly on I think your potential IRP with maybe one difference between yours and the other IRP is I think your plan also includes new generation being built. And as you did mentioned earlier, the state is maybe running tightening capacity. Do you think that maybe draws any additional scrutiny or just the capacity needs of the state are really outweighing -- more dispatchable need for generation really outweighs anything else?
Jerry Norcia: Certainly, we have a very pragmatic commission and administration and there is an understanding that, okay, we want to decarbonize the economy but we have to do it in a way that still makes sure the lights come on and that our industrial base continues to function properly and reliably and that it's affordable. So, we will file for new baseload generation assets in the IRP, I expect to do so just because we've got over 3,000 megawatts down at Monroe that will come offline over a period of time and we have to have dispatchable generation in that part of our system in order to make the system work, to make the grid work. And I think that's understood. I think there are people -- there will be people that won't like that, but there are people that will love the fact that we're going to build 5,000 megawatts to 7000 megawatts of renewables. So, it is a balanced portfolio and that will achieve all of the objectives, reliability and decarbonization and affordability.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar. Your line is open.
Travis Miller: You answered most of my questions. In particular had a question about the customer bill affordability. Just to follow-up a little bit on that, what about in the rate case, are there any levers that you can pull or adjustments you could make, perhaps earnings neutral adjustments, in the rate case that would mitigate some of the potential customer bill impact, either later this year and next year?
Jerry Norcia: Dave, you want to take that?
Dave Ruud: Yes, I think what we do focus on to mitigate the customer bill impact is really focusing on our own O&M and what we can flow through there. So, we continue to focus on our continuous improvement efforts, our productive -- productivity and efficiency improvement and playing that through. I think as far as individual things within the rate case, I think where we are in the active filing there. So I think I'll that's probably already in there. But for future affordability, that's really where our focus, is ensuring that we have the best cost structure that can allowed capital focused investment that -- the customer focused investment we need to do for the liability and clean generation.
Jerry Norcia: Travis, in addition to that we've stayed out of a rate case for 2.5 years by being really creative. And we did that intentionally because of the pressure our customers were under during COVID. And I think -- so we've got creative in the past and, as Dave said, we will be creative in the future, and I think our continuous improvement culture also continues to find unique and creative ways to keep driving our cost structure down. And so, we expect more of that, plus our capital investments are pointed in many instances at structurally removing cost to operate our system.
Travis Miller: Sure. Okay, great, thanks. And then just real quick, any updates in terms of electric vehicle initiatives or anything this quarter or rather last quarter that's worth mentioning?
Jerry Norcia: Well, we can --yes, we continue to deploy our electrification program where we've -- that we're in our second tranche of $14 million. We had $14 million of investment approved in the past and now we're in the middle of the next $14 million. And I can tell you this that the number of EVs connecting to our system is going up. We're seeing that well north of 500 EV attachments -- actually, I go that wrong, about a 1,000 attachments a month. So, it's a good program and it's moving forward. And that's up from a couple of 100 just a couple of years ago. So, we're seeing significant growth. It's still pretty small, pretty modest. It's not going to move the needle just yet, but there is a ramp. And I was talking to some of the senior people at Ford Motor Company and General Motors, I mean their factories get huge backlogs for EV orders and they're trying to figure out how they're going to build all this -- build for all this demand. So, tremendous demand, so we expect the pattern of significant growth to continue over the next several years.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Jerry Norcia.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you, Brent, and thank you all for joining us today. I'll just close up by saying that DTE had a very successful first quarter and we're feeling really good about the remainder of 2022 as well as our position for future years. Everyone, have a great morning. And we look forward to seeing many of you at AGA in a few weeks. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-10 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to the DTE Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I’d now like to turn the call over to Barbara Tuckfield, Director of Investor Relations. Ms. Tuckfield, please go ahead.
Barbara Tuckfield: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind you to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix. With us this morning are; Jerry Norcia, President and CEO; and Dave Ruud, Senior Vice President and CFO. And now, I’ll turn it over to Jerry to start the call this morning.
Jerry Norcia: Well thanks, Barb and good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. I hope everyone is having a healthy and safe year so far. This morning, I’ll start by giving you a recap of our 2021 business performance, provide highlights on how we are well positioned for 2022 and give an overview on the robust opportunities and our long-term plan. Dave Ruud will close by providing a financial update and wrap things up before we take your questions. I’ll begin on Slide 4. 2021 was another great year for operational and financial results, continuing our incredible track record of creating shareholder value. We did all of this with a keen focus on our employees, customers and communities. Continue to drive an organization to improve the health and well-being of our team, cultivating deeper employee engagement, which results in service excellence. I always say that employee engagement is the secret sauce that drives our success. And for the 16th consecutive year, DTE was named one of the Best and Brightest Companies to Work For in Metropolitan Detroit. Now I’ll switch over and discuss our customer focus. As you know, heavy storms impacted our service territory in 2021. To further harden our system and preparation for similar extreme weather events in the future, we are investing an additional $90 million in our tree trimming program through 2023. And these investments will not impact our customer bills. Additionally, we have been making significant investments to further improve our reliability, to ensure we are delivering for our customers now and into the future. Our strong focus on service excellence positioned us to achieve high customer satisfaction rankings. Our gas company is ranked number one by J.D. Power for both residential and business customer satisfaction. Moving on to our communities, we are continuing our commitment to provide cleaner, more reliable energy through our decarbonization and voluntary renewable programs, which I’ll discuss in more detail in a few minutes. Additionally, we are recognized as the 2021 Corporation of the Year by the National Minority Supplier Development Council. We also had tremendous success on the economic development front. We were actively involved in General Motors’ decision to invest over $4 billion in EV technology in our service territory. On the investor front, we finished 2021 strong and are well positioned to deliver future growth. I am also very proud of how the team successfully completed the spin of DTM. This separation positioned DTE as a predominantly pure play utility and unlock significant value for our investors. In addition, 2021 was the 13th consecutive year we exceeded our operating EPS original guidance midpoint. Now let’s turn to Slide 5. Our 2021 operating EPS of $5.99 per share provides 17% growth from our original 2020 guidance. We are narrowing our 2022 operating EPS guidance range. Our increased midpoint of $5.90 per share provides 7% growth over the 2021 original guidance midpoint. We are reaffirming our 5% to 7% long-term operating EPS growth rate through 2026 from 2022 original guidance. We also increased our dividends by 7%, which is in line with the top end of our operating EPS growth target. With the highly successful spin of DTM, over 90% of our growth will come from our Utility businesses. At DTE Electric, we are investing heavily in the modernization of the grid and cleaner generation. At DTE Gas, we continue our main renewal work as well as infrastructure improvements. And the balance of our portfolio about 10% is made of mainly earnings from our DTE Vantage business – earnings from this segment are primarily from cleaner, energy-focused projects. Now on to Slide 6. At DTE Electric, we announced our plan to accelerate decarbonization by ceasing coal use at the Belle River Power Plant by 2028, two years earlier than previously planned. Our Blue Water Energy Center is in the late stages of completion. We introduced test gas at the facility last year, and two turbines have been synchronized to the grid. This state-of-the-art natural gas plant is 96% complete, and is on track to be in service this summer. These steps move us closer to our goal of net zero carbon emissions. In 2021, we continue to see great success with our voluntary renewables program. We reached over 1,000 megawatts of commitments from large business customers and over 48,000 residential customers. We have an additional 1,300 megawatts in advanced stages of discussion with future customers. As we highlighted last year, we are filing our Integrated Resource Plan in October of this year. We continue to evaluate the opportunity to exit coal use at the Monroe Plant earlier than 2040. We started hosting meetings in January for the public to participate in shaping our clean energy plan. Getting our stakeholders’ input early in a process ensures that what matters most for them is taken into consideration, as we work to achieve the right balance of energy sources that will provide cleaner, affordable and reliable power for decades to come. We announced during our third quarter call, that we increased our 5-year capital program by $1 billion. This increase in our electric 5-year plan is driven by distribution infrastructure investments, preparing our grid for electrification and hardening initiatives. And we increased our investment in clean energy. Overall, this five-year, $15 billion investment supports our plan to improve reliability and strengthen our system, while focusing on customer affordability. DTE Electric filed the general rate case last month, which was the first filing in almost three years. I’m proud of the work that we have done with the Commission to come up with innovative ways to maintain affordability. And we will continue to focus on keeping rates affordable as we invest in the system. And now let’s turn to Slide 7. At the Electric Company, we are planning to invest $35 billion over the next 10 years, to support reliability, additional in renewable, resources and the increased pace of electric vehicle adoption. This provides a large inventory of potential capital investment pull forwards into the 5-year plans. As we plan for the cessation of coal use, we will need to invest in renewable resources, short and long duration storage, demand response and other dispatchable resources. Over the next 10 years, we also see an increased pace of EV adoption that drives grid investments, to support increased sales and a need for additional reliable generation. We believe EV adoption will increase our electric load by 5% to 10% over the next 10 to 15 years. General Motors recently announced the $7 billion investment that will secure its commitment to accelerate an all-electric future, along with 5,000 high-paying new and retain manufacturing jobs in Michigan. This includes a $4 billion investment to convert GM’s Orion Township assembly plant located in DTE service territory, this plant will produce full-size electric pick-up trucks. Our collaboration with GM and the State of Michigan was fundamental in securing this investment. The GM projects are the first to be approved utilizing the new critical industry program and strategic Site Readiness program signed in the law by Governor Whitmer in December. These programs were created to ensure Michigan could effectively compete for billions of dollars in investment and attract tens of thousands of jobs to ensure continued economic strength in the state. We are confident there will be more investment in EV industry in our state. Even in our own operations, we are making strides in this area. We recently announced that we will be replacing up to 25% of our fleet with green fuel technologies by 2030. Now let’s turn to Slide 8 to discuss our Gas business. We had significant accomplishments at DTE Gas in 2021. We announced our new Natural Gas Balance Program. This program provides the opportunity for customers to purchase both renewable natural gas and carbon offsets, allowing them to offset up to 100% of the carbon from the natural gas use. We are the first gas utility to introduce this innovative program and our customers really like it. We’re proud of how fast the program is growing with over 5,000 customers already subscribed. Another major accomplishment in 2021, is that, we finished the first phase of our major transmission renewal project in Northern Michigan. This project includes the installation of new pipe and facility modification work to provide supply redundancy for a growing market. We are on track to complete this project in 2022. We continue to focus on upgrading our system and replacing aging infrastructure to reduce costs and improve customer satisfaction. We plan on completing 200 main renewable miles in 2022. At DTE Gas, we are planning on investing over $3 billion over the next five years to upgrade and replace aging infrastructure and to further reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Overall, we’re looking forward to another strong year from our Gas Company, and we see natural gas play an important role Michigan’s energy needs over the long-term. Now let’s turn to Slide 9. At DTE Vantage, we continue to see additional opportunities in RNG and Industrial Energy Services as the REF business sunset at the end of 2021. Last year, we told you about a new RNG project in South Dakota, which is now under construction and slated startup in the second quarter of this year. We commenced construction on another Wisconsin RNG project in the third quarter and entered into an agreement for an additional one, which will be our first project in New York. Additionally, DTE Vantage along with its 50% partner, will build a new RNG facility that take all of the available biogas of Riverview Energy, a Michigan-based landfill and convert it into pipeline quality renewable natural gas. The project adds to DTE Vantage’s portfolio of RNG projects serving transportation and other end-use markets. The RNG business contributes to our decarbonization efforts as we move to a cleaner energy economy. At DTE Vantage, we are planning to invest between $1 billion to $1.5 billion over the next five years. We are targeting operating earnings of $90 million to $95 million in 2022, growing at a $160 million to $170 million in 2026. So longer-term, we are maintaining our earnings growth target of about $15 million per year, which we have been able to achieve over the past few years. And we continue to have a great pipeline of projects in both RNG and Industrial Energy Services to achieve future growth. With that, I’ll turn it over to Dave to give you a financial update.
Dave Ruud: Thanks, Jerry and good morning, everyone. As Jerry said, we completed a successful financial year in 2021 and we are well positioned for this year and for our future growth. Let me start on Slide 10 to review our 2021 financial results. Operating earnings for the year were $1.2 billion. This translates into $5.99 per share. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. I’ll start the review at the top of the page with our Utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $864 million for the year. This was $51 million higher than 2020, primarily due to the implementation of rates from the rate case we filed back in 2019, higher commercial and industrial sales and additional renewable projects. This was partially offset by higher O&M, rate base costs and the tree trim deferral of $90 million pre-tax that we’ll be using over the next two years to further accelerate our reliability improvements. Moving on to DTE Gas, operating earnings were $214 million, $18 million higher than 2020. The earnings increase was driven primarily by the implementation of rates partially offset by higher O&M and rate base costs. Let’s move to DTE Vantage on the third row. Operating earnings were $176 million in 2021. This was $26 million higher than 2020, driven primarily by RNG earnings. On the next row, you can see Energy Trading had another solid year due to the strong performance in a gas portfolio throughout the year. Finally, Corporate & Other was unfavorable $32 million year-over-year. This was driven by interest income in 2020 related to the CARES Act refund which didn’t repeat. And in 2021, we incurred expense to opportunistically retire higher priced debt at the Holding Company, which will provide interest savings going forward. Overall, DTE earned $5.99 per share from continuing operations in 2021, representing 17% growth from our 2020 original guidance. So another strong year, putting us in a great position for the future. Let’s turn to Slide 11 to discuss our 2022 operating earnings guidance. We are well positioned to deliver another successful year in 2022. As Jerry mentioned, we’re raising our 2022 operating EPS guidance and narrowing the range to $5.80 to $6.00 per share. We increased midpoint of $5.90 per share provides 7% growth from the 2021 original guidance midpoint. In 2022, growth at DTE Electric will be driven by distribution and cleaner generation investments. DTE Gas will see continued customer-focused investments in main renewal and other infrastructure improvements. 2021 was a final year for our reduced emissions fuels business at DTE Vantage. Approximately $100 million of REF earnings net of associated costs rolled off last year. This is partially offset in 2022 by new RNG and Industrial Energy Services projects that will serve as a base for growth going forward. The Corporate & Other, the biggest driver in our year-over-year improvement is lower interest expense. This is a result of leveraging earnings and cash strength in 2021 to opportunistically we market some higher-priced debt. We also paid down parent debt proceeds from DTM’s debt issuance. This will provide interest savings in 2022 and future years. Let’s turn to Slide 12 to discuss our balance sheet strength. We continue to focus on maintaining solid balance sheet metrics. Due to our strong cash flows, DTE has minimal equity issuances in our plan beyond the convertible equity units that we’ll convert later this year. But we also increased our 5-year capital investment plan by $1 billion. We have a strong investment-grade credit rating and target an FFO to debt ratio of 16%. And we increased our 2022 dividend by 7%, continuing our track record of growing our dividend in line with top end of our targeted EPS growth rate. We completed our liability management plan following the spin of our Midstream business, using the funds raised from DTM’s debt issuance to repurchase a little over $2.6 billion of corporate debt. This liability management plan was NPV positive, EPS accretive and further supports our long-term growth. Let me wrap up on Slide 13, and then we’ll open the line for questions. In summary, we achieved great success in 2021 across all of our business lines. We raised and narrowed our guidance range and are in great shape for 2022 targeting 7% operating EPS growth from our 2021 original guidance midpoint. Our robust capital plan supports our 5% to 7% long-term operating EPS growth by delivering cleaner generation and increased reliability for our customers. DTE continues to be well positioned to deliver the premium total shareholder returns their investors have come to expect with strong utility growth and a dividend growing in line with operating EPS. With that, I thank you for joining us today and we can open the line for questions.
Operator: All right. Now we’re going to open up for questions. So our first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Securities. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Constantine Lednev: Hi, good morning. It’s actually Constantine here for Shar. He sends his regards and congrats on a great quarter.
Dave Ruud: Thank you.
Jerry Norcia: Thanks, Constantine.
Constantine Lednev: Just – just as we’re looking at the new guidance for ‘22 and the longer-term EPS growth rate. You pointed that you’re growing faster among – amongst peers on a trailing basis. And going forward, there’s less volatility post then obviously, can you elaborate on what brings you down below the 7% growth rate going forward? And maybe some of the assumptions that are in plans surrounding low growth and O&M contingency?
Jerry Norcia: Sure, Constantine, great question. So, as you mentioned you know we’ve raised our guidance this year to 7% growth. And we’ve had a long track record of having you know best-in-class EPS growth in our industry. We’re also for the first time in almost three years, filed an electric rate case and are going to file an IRP in October, all of that will instruct our long-term capital plans, and – and also our long-term growth rates. So more – more to come on that.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Tonet: Good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Dave Ruud: Hey, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Just wanted to start with you know, thinking about the rate case coming up here. We’re seeing some inflation concern throughout much of the economy, and just how do you think about customer bill impacts in this type of environment? You know and – and also in light of, I guess, recent you know rate case filing?
Jerry Norcia: Sure, good – good question. I – what I’ll say is that, we’ve stayed out of electric rate case for almost three years at the Electric Company, and that was really in response to the pandemic, and making sure that you know we maintained affordable bills for our customers. This rate case that we filed is primarily about capital infrastructure. And that’s investing in our grid and preparing our grid for continued climate change as well as preparing it for demand growth from our EV – from EV adoption, as well as building for a cleaner energy future. So, it’s all about capital. If you had looked at our rate case file, you’ll also see for the first time in my memory, we filed for lower operating expense, which will make us distinctive – continue to make us distinctive in the industry.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thanks – thanks for that there. And then just want to you know pivot towards the coal plants. And just wondering how – realistically how far can DTE pull forward some of these retirements over time you know especially Monroe here, and I guess – how do you think about the replacement capacity needs you know in conjunction with that?
Jerry Norcia: We’re certainly going to accelerate Monroe from 2040. You know, how far we accelerated from 2040 is something we’re having – doing a lot of analysis on and having a lot of conversation with our stakeholders on, but I think you can expect to see a significant acceleration. What limited is a – is really how do we ensure that there’s good affordability and also reliability. I mean, those are the two premises that we really need to nail here as we complete our – our acceleration plan to exit coal.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thanks for that. And then last one if I could real quick. Just with Vantage here it seems like you know, RNG opportunities that you highlighted you know growth there. Just wonder if you could update us I guess on you know hitting targeted returns in light of you know it seems like a highly competitive environment on the RNG side, and then just taking a step back, Vantage overall, just how you know core that businesses you know having spun the Midstream business recently, just want to – want to see advantages is still fully core I guess in your mind.
Jerry Norcia: So, Jeremy, the – the projects we’re pursuing, we’re still seeing high IRRs, unlevered IRRs in – in the mid-teens after-tax and simple – cash paybacks of three to five years going forward. And that’s all organic development, our latest projects actually were taken some of our biomass and biogas projects that we’re feeding small power units and converting them with RNG, that’s providing us a significant runway for future – future development as well. So we’re limiting that business as you noted 10% of our earnings growth as well as 10% of our overall portfolio. And it’s really pointed at complementing our ESG agenda. From an investor perspective you know 90% of our focus is really on utility growth. So I would say that’s the cake and the high cash flows and high returns from Vantage is sort of the frosting on the cake, if you will, for our investors. So, major focus on our utilities and obviously growing this business slowly and – and attracting really high returns.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s helpful. I’ll leave it there. Thank you.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you, Jeremy.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Insoo Kim: Yeah, thank you. My first question is on, related to you know the upcoming or the current rate case in Michigan, and then you know thinking about the growth rate beyond ‘22. You know, obviously I think your peer in the recent case had some you know rate based capital items that were at least deferred to the next case. So when you think about the potential range of outcomes you know that could play out in your case and combined with you know the converts happening later this year? You know should we still think that with a contingency that you guys have in place that 5% to 7% is a pretty good benchmark for ‘23 on a year-over-year basis?
Jerry Norcia: So I’ll just start that by saying that 5% to 7% is rock solid for us as a guidance for 2023. And we’re working on those plans now and fine-tuning those plans for 2023. And that’ll start to shape up and I think you could expect us to deliver similar results next year than we’ve been delivering in the past. In terms of the rate case, again, it’s the capital plan we’ve spent a lot of time with Commission staff, and the Commissioners themselves before we filed to really create a strong understanding of the investment that we were making in the grid, why we were making the investment in the grids that we are making, and also the impact on reliability. So there’s a strong understanding of what we plan to do. And if you’ll recall, last year we filed a 5-year plan, 10-year plan and a 15-year plan for the grid. So we spent a lot of time socializing our plans with the Commission staff and the Commissioners. So we believe there’s a strong understanding of the grid investments. And then with our renewable plans, much of it is voluntary – voluntary at this point in time. So again that’s – that’s well understood. So, that in combination with the fact that we’ve been out for almost three years, we’re – we’re feeling pretty good about delivering a constructive rate case outcome.
Insoo Kim: Understood. Thanks for the – the color there. My only other question is on for this year and maybe just going forward, what’s the right level of whether normal electric or a gas demand growth that we should be embedding?
Jerry Norcia: David Ruud, do you want to take that one?
Dave Ruud: Sure. Hi. Yeah we continue to see really good trends across our customer classes. And so, if you look from ‘21 to ‘20, you know we were up overall about 3%. And what we saw is our commercial load and our industrial load really coming back to kind of mitigate any of the decreased activity we saw to COVID, we see that little more growth continuing across commercial and industrial, residential was still high relative to pre-COVID. We saw ‘21 had no real change from 2020 at those higher levels. We’ve seen that come down a little bit recently. But we’re still seeing right now residential load you know somewhere around 5% higher than what we would have expected pre-COVID. We do expect that to come down and taper off this year as more people go back to work and closer to how they did before.
Insoo Kim: So for 2022, should I – should we assume that something like 1% overall growth is the right number? Or is it even more conservative than that just you know relative to what you’re taking into your assumptions?
Dave Ruud: Probably a little more conservative due to the residential load coming – coming down and tapering off as the year goes on. We’ve had really high residential in ‘21 so.
Insoo Kim: Understood. Thank you so much.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra from Evercore. Go ahead, sir. Your line is open.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey. Good morning, team. Thank you for taking my question –
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra: Good morning, Jeff. Just – Jerry. Sorry just in – in previous slides you’ve had this, Dave, this disclosure of earnings growth for segments 7% to 8% for Electric and then 9% for Gas. Just for a model, is that still sort of how you’re thinking about the growth through 2026 in those – in the segments?
Dave Ruud: What we see is we see higher growth in these early years. So ‘22 and ‘23 at Electric and Gas that allow us to grow at 5% to 7% through the converts that come in this year, $1.3 billion of convert. And then it comes down to where EPS and our growth in our Utilities kind of match. So we have a little bit higher in these early years. But then as we get to the out years, you’ll see EPS and our earnings of our Utilities closer to each other.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. So higher in the year-over-year, and then basically in line with – with the rate base and the outlook.
Dave Ruud: Yes.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. And then just on the CapEx upside opportunity, Jerry just can you clarify one thing for me? The $35 billion, is some of that already baked into your current plan? Or is that fully all upside on the Electric side?
Jerry Norcia: Well the – yeah the $35 billion certainly the first five years are – are in our plan. The reason we put that out there is to show that there we have a very large inventory of investment opportunity. And that does give us the opportunity to pull forward our investments. So that’s – that’s really the opportunity. And I think you’ve seen we’ve got a pattern of increasing investments in our 5-year outlook every year that we – we update.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. And just a quick follow-up on that and I’ll jump back in the queue. Is the – the EV’s load increased by 10% obviously you know very robust. Is that incorporated in the $35 billion number? Or will that be – will that drive further additional CapEx and reduce investment opportunities?
Jerry Norcia: That could potentially drive incremental investment we’ve assumed some level of investment obviously to harden our grid and prepare our grid for the future, but depending on how quickly that EV load comes on, in the out years beyond our 5-year plan, it could certainly drive acceleration of investment in the grid as well as investments in generation. I mean we’re seeing you know the placement of EV manufacturing facilities in the State of Michigan, they are highly energy-intensive facilities more so than traditional assembly plants. So to give you an example, a traditional assembly plant can consume anywhere from 20 to 25 megawatts of power, an EV assembly and battery plant, you’re – you’re talking north of 70 megawatts. So it’s – these are significant loads that – that will come to the state, in addition to the demand just from the vehicles themselves.
Durgesh Chopra: Excellent. Thank you guys. Congratulations on a great quarter.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you.
Dave Ruud: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski from Seaport. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So I wanted to follow-up on Vantage. I think if you look at your stock, there seems to be an imputed discount to your closest peer, which I think we all associated with that business. And so, you keep adding new projects. The – you know, the market for RNG product – projects like resale of RNG product – projects seems pretty hard still. So if you could tell us if there is any plan to have a strategic review regarding Vantage? And if yes, what would be the potential use of proceeds? Thank you.
Jerry Norcia: So, Angie I’ll – I’ll start with that. I – right now, we’re seeing RNG business grow nicely, quite modestly in terms of the overall DTE portfolio. You know we’re – we’re generating anywhere from $7 million to $8 million a year of new net income from – from that business and the returns are really, really high. And as you said, the market valuation for RNG assets right now is pretty high, right. And so we’re constantly looking at our other opportunities to continue to optimize our portfolio. And – and so that’s really the work that we constantly do to evaluate who values that the most our current slate of investors or other investors, and I think you’ve seen we have a reputation of, if we see significant opportunity to optimize value, we’ll – we will take that move, but no plans at this current state to do that, as we see continued growth and high returns and high cash flows.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then just going back to that notion of you know maintaining the 5% to 7% EPS CAGR, and I understand the some deceleration of growth in operating earnings for Utilities beyond ‘23. But – but do you really see yourself below 7% for you know in the – in this sort of a steady state utility growth, given all of the, you know given the IRP and voluntary renewables and additional growth drivers that you’ve talked about?
Jerry Norcia: Angie, again, I – what I’ll point to is that, and I think you’ve said it, we’ve been delivering you know extraordinary EPS growth results over the last decade, including last year and even this year you know where we’re forecasting 7%. Looking forward, this is something we’re examining where they closely, because we’re getting a lot of feedback from analysts and investors on what will your growth rate look like beyond 2022. And we’re doing a lot of work on that. We feel that the filing of the IRP in October, as well as you know we would be moving very close to – the conclusion of our first rate case of the Electric Company at three years, that’ll be very instructive and us laying out our long-term growth plans, as well as our long-term CapEx plans for this – for the company. So more – more to come on that, Angie.
Angie Storozynski: And then lastly the last remaining coal plant. So the – I understand the IRP filing is on the – in October, but is the assumption that at least some of this capacity would be replaced by a gas-fired plant?
Jerry Norcia: I would say that, yes, is the – is the short answer. We will need dispatchable generation and so you will see gas in our plant, you’ll also see an extraordinary amount of renewables. You’ll see battery storage in that plant. And you’ll also see demand response initiatives. So you’ll see many initiatives to replace that coal-fired generation. So gas will be part of it. We’re also looking very closely at enabling any new gas facilities that we install or propose that will have carbon capture and storage capability, as well as the ability to burn hydrogen.
Angie Storozynski: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from the Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Participant: Hey. Good morning. It’s [Darius] [ph] on for Julien here. Thank you for taking my question –
Jerry Norcia: Good morning –
Unidentified Participant: Most of them have been answered already. Just – just if you don’t mind just reminding us how your tracking gets to 16% FFO to debt target and when do you expect to achieve that?
Jerry Norcia: Dave?
Dave Ruud: Yeah, good question. In ‘21, we – we were a little bit higher than that, because we still have the cash flows from DTM and therefore part of the year but we will be getting to that 16% in ‘22 and going forward.
Unidentified Participant: Okay, thank you. Like I said, you’ve – you’ve answered all my other questions. So, thanks again.
Jerry Norcia: Thanks.
Dave Ruud: Thank you.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Sullivan from Wolfe Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Michael Sullivan: Hey, everyone. Good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Sullivan: Just wanted – hey, Jerry. So just wanted to quickly circle back to the discussion on potentially pulling forward some of these – these coal plant shutdowns. Is – is there a possibility for fuel switching as well for replacement?
Jerry Norcia: There is, actually at the Belle River Power Plant, which we pulled forward to 2028 in our filings there with the EPA and other agencies, we indicated that we would be using the Belle River Power Plant which is about 1,200 megawatts of coal right now, as a – as a gas peaker. So there is that opportunity and we view that as favorable for our customers, because one, it provides a reliability source and secondly, it allows the continued depreciation of plant for longer than 20 – well beyond 2028. And I think at Monroe we’re examining similar opportunities for either fuel switching or voltage support on the grid as well as using some of the existing infrastructure, we have to put some baseload gas down there.
Michael Sullivan: That’s great, thanks. And then my other question was, so you guys continue to add to this voluntary renewables program, just wanted to get a sense of how you’re doing on some of the projects associated with that demand? What’s embedded in 2022 in terms of new wind or solar farms being added? And are you seeing any delays or pressures related to supply chain or inflation there?
Jerry Norcia: So we have 1,000 megawatts that’s signed and underway from a construction perspective. And then we have another 1,300 megawatts that are in advanced stages in negotiation. And so we’re really in good shape on the demand side. On a supply side, we’ve got all of our ‘22 and ‘23 resources, physical resources lined up for that, whether it’s solar panels or wind turbines. So we’re in really good shape there. We have seen some supply chain stress, if you will, but that’s beyond the timeframe that we’re securing assets for right now. Dave Ruud, I don’t know if you have other comments you want to add?
Dave Ruud: Even for our future or future builds, we’re seeing the supply chain constraints ease up now. So we – we’re going to be fine getting those two, pricing may be a little – little higher than what was a few years ago, but it’s going to be consistent with the rest of the market and also good for customers bill too.
Michael Sullivan: That’s great. Really appreciate the color. Thanks.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: All right. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel from Scotiabank. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Weisel: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and congrats on another –
Dave Ruud: Good morning –
Andrew Weisel: Hi –
Jerry Norcia: Thank you, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: First question is on the 2022 guidance. I see that you’ve upped the forecast for each of the three major segments. What’s driving that? Is it individual business specific factors or general cost controls or maybe simply removing some conservatism?
Jerry Norcia: Dave?
Dave Ruud: Yeah really it was the latter you know as we – as we ended the year and – and we looked at our plans, we just gained even more confidence in each of the businesses and where we could come out and we’re able to bring up the bottom end of those.
Jerry Norcia: Also we’re seeing the contingency build – we’re starting to see the contingency build in each of our big business lines as well as we’ve had some really nice weather in Detroit.
Andrew Weisel: Right, very good. Then my other question is, can you elaborate on your commitment to helping the vulnerable customers in the winter months? What exactly is that and what – how are these programs may be different from your typical low income assistance programs?
Jerry Norcia: The most impactful program that we have, Andrew is our low-income self-sufficiency plan, something that we developed through legislation a little over a decade ago. And it’s pretty unique in the sense that the way it works is that, we look at a customer’s income levels and – and then apply a credit to their bills using federal funding and also some dollar – value that comes from our rate making. And what that does, it buys down the bill for low-income customers so that they’re paying you know, $75 a month or $50 a month depending on what they can afford. And the balance of that payment comes from federal or state assistance which we’re you know always bringing in for our customers at least about $160 million a year in terms of federal and state assistance to our customers. So that helps our customers keep their heat on and their lights on through the winter months. And it also creates a sense of dignity for our customers, because they’re also paying in a proportion of the bill. So that’s the most unique program that we have.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sophie Karp from KeyBanc. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Sophie Karp: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I have couple of questions –
Jerry Norcia: Good morning –
Sophie Karp: Actually. Yeah, hi. So on the RNG technology, I’m just curious if this technology at this point is pretty, I guess mature or are you still seeing potential for price improvements there that potentially drive the – you know the cost of RNG down over time? Or is it you know pretty much going to be stable at the level where we have based on what the technologies there?
Jerry Norcia: Sophie, we saw some technology improvements over the last couple of years that drove costs significantly down in this arena. And we’ve adopted that technology for several of our projects in Wisconsin and even we’re considering it in the Dakota. So we have seen technology price movement. We have not seen anything recently, but it has helped with you know boosting our returns beyond our expectations by adopting some of this technology.
Sophie Karp: Got it. And then I also have a question on the EVs. And this is I think one first times when you start talking about the potential impacts of the EVs on road, and we begin to hearing more about the EV penetration in general. I’m just curious if – how do you see your particular territory adopting? How do you see the speed of adoption in your particular territory I guess? I get it, that the other manufacturers are there, but the territory is not particularly affluent or you know has [inaudible] with renewables. So should we expect the Michigan to be at the forefront of the adoption of EVs or maybe a laggard in that – in that aspect like how should we think about that?
Jerry Norcia: We see you know significant adoption potential here in the State of Michigan. I think as you mentioned with our voluntary renewables, there is a strong desire to green the environment. And we’re seeing that with many customers, the large institutional customers as well as also residential customers. So EV adoption is something we’ve also started to see ramp up in the State of Michigan, it’s still quite small. You know last year, actually in 2020, we were seeing you know maybe several hundred a month now we’re getting close to 500 to 1000 a month of EV attachments onto our system. And that’s – that’s significant. So, we see a continued ramp there as new models are introduced. So there is – there is the ability to see the adoption and we expect that to happen.
Sophie Karp: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold from vertical research partners. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold: Good morning, guys.
Dave Ruud: Hey, Jonathan.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: A quick follow-up on the EV topic. You talk about the 5% to 7% is, I – I understand that to be kind of volume load I am just checking that’s correct. But any – can you comment on what your – what you think it might do to peak load as you start to think about rate design and folding this demand then?
Jerry Norcia: Sure. You know that’s a good consideration. What we’re seeing right now is that, most of the EV adoption, people are charging at home. And all of the feedback that we’re getting from the OEMs, from the large autos here in Detroit is that, the customer preference, 80% of the customer preference at this point in time is they charge their EVs at home, there’s a lot of convenience and being able to do that. And most of that will happen in evening. So that’s beneficial to our grid. So we see the early adoption of EVs as being very beneficial to us, because it won’t require a lot of investments. So the early years, the adoption, EV adoption will be quite good for our load and our margins and also help support much of the grid investments we need to make for the future. As you get deeper into EV adoption, I think you’ll start to see a significant amount of investment required on a grid to support usage throughout the day.
Jonathan Arnold: Great, and what’s your assumption on the penetration, Jerry just behind that number you’ve shared with us today?
Jerry Norcia: Dave, do you have any thoughts on that?
Dave Ruud: I don’t have the penetration number, but we can get back to you guys on that.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, perfect. Thank you, guys.
Jerry Norcia: I would say – I would say, Jonathan in order of magnitude was being predicted is that, in the 2030s – early 2030s about half of the vehicle sales will be EV sales. That’s how we’re – we’re building our – building our forecasts that you see.
Jonathan Arnold: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell analyst Mizuho. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, good morning, Jerry. Good morning, Dave.
Dave Ruud: Good morning, Anthony.
Jerry Norcia: Hey, Anthony.
Anthony Crowdell: Hopefully just a couple quick ones. I think in one of the earlier questions you talked about maybe the growth rate. And I don’t know if you used the word review, you’re looking at it. When does the – when do you believe you’ll be done with that review? Is it you’re going to wait for the rate case in IRP to play out? Or is that something that you think may conclude sooner?
Jerry Norcia: At this point, Anthony, we’re thinking it’s going to be at the time that we in and around the time that we file our IRP, because we’ll have a lot of our long-term growth plans, especially as we think about replacing our generation fleet laid out. And that’s – that’s the current timing that we’re thinking about.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then on the IRP, I believe in Michigan when you file it, and you talked about maybe on your rate case you had a lot of them. Before the filing you met with a lot of policymakers and maybe get support. On the IRP, have you begun that dialogue? And has it been any particular issues that maybe – maybe require more discussion than others?
Jerry Norcia: We have become – begun that dialogue with many stakeholders as it relates to our IRP. And you know the dialogue ranges from strong support around what we’re planning to do as well as, as you would expect people asking us to accelerate. So we view that as all positive and constructive. And it will help us build a really solid IRP that we file on October.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then my last question. I think some of the earlier questions really are focused on maybe on the 5% to 7% growth rate you’re given out maybe on the higher end. But if I could flip the question like, what do you see that would cause you to be at the lower end of that range? Like what – not that I’m hoping that happen? But just what do you have to see operationally or something that – that maybe where we should be focused on that 5% of the range?
Jerry Norcia: Right. As you know, Anthony, we’ve never even come close to delivering on the lower end of that range. I think if you look at our track record, we’ve been at the top end of our range pretty consistently. And we strive to accomplish that each and every year. And if we don’t, we – we would be very disappointed. So that’s our plan going forward. We – we aim for the midpoint, but certainly we tried to do all we can with our plans to deliver the top end of that range. And I think you’re seeing that again this year. And if you look at the last decade, we’ve done that pretty consistently. So it would be pretty remote possibility. I mean, we’ve weathered you know economic collapses, we’ve weathered pandemics and not – and have delivered well above that 5% as you know.
Anthony Crowdell: Yeah, absolutely. Thanks again and a solid quarter. Thanks so much for taking my questions.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from line of Travis Miller from Morningstar. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Travis Miller: Good morning, everyone.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Dave Ruud: Hi, Travis.
Travis Miller: Thank you. Two follow-ups to some of the comments you made on the 10-year plan. One, if you start to invest in the fuel switching at some of the – one or more of the coal plants. Does that eliminate the need for a new gas plants or some other new non-renewable source of generation?
Jerry Norcia: Well the – you know switching coal boilers to the natural gas is a good peaking resource, Travis, but not necessarily good base – baseload resource because of efficiencies you know the new gas turbines, for example you know they’ve got very low heat rates you know around 7,000. Whereas you know an old coal boiler might be up around 10,000, meaning you know just – it just means they burn a lot more fuel to produce the same energy output. So they’re good peaking resources, but they – it would be – they would be very expensive as a baseload resource. So we do see, at least at this point, more gas turbines in our future that would have carbon capture and hydrogen consumption capability.
Travis Miller: Okay, yeah that makes sense. And then you just mentioned that, but as you look out those 10-years, I think, Jerry you had mentioned long-term storage. How does that play into in terms of hydrogen, if not directly into the plants like you said right now, but some other way?
Jerry Norcia: Yeah, hydrogen I think – I think it’s a great question. And you’ve seen in our rate case that we filed for a hydrogen pilot that we’re going to start experimenting with using hydrogen – small scale hydrogen storage as well as hydrogen consumption in our new gas turbine, which is the Blue Water Energy Center in St. Clair County that will go into service this summer. So we’re going to start experimenting with the use of hydrogen to see how the turbine responds and also start to understand how to handle and move and store hydrogen. Longer-term, hydrogen is a good fuel to store electric energy, because it has high energy density. And also it’s – it can be blended with natural gas and stored in natural gas facilities to some extent. So we’re going to start experimenting with all of that so that we can understand it more deeply. And I know some of our peers are also doing that as well.
Travis Miller: Yeah. Great, thanks so much. I really appreciate it.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: There are no more – no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Jerry Norcia for closing remarks.
Jerry Norcia: Well, thank you, everyone for joining us today. And I’ll just close by saying that we had another strong year in 2021 as you’ve seen and I’m feeling really good about delivering a strong 2022 which will position us for the future and deliver premium returns for our investors both from an EPS growth perspective as well as the dividend growth perspective. So, hope everyone has a great morning and stay healthy and safe.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brent, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DTE Energy Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After these speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you, Barbara Tuckfield. You may begin your call
Barbara Tuckfield: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone to read the safe harbor statement on Page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings and operating earnings provided in the Appendix. With us this morning are Jerry Norcia, President and CEO; and Dave Ruud, Senior Vice President and CFO. And now, I'll turn it over to Jerry to start the call this morning.
Jerry Norcia: Well, thanks, Barbara, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I have a lot of positive updates to share with you today. I'll be giving you an update on our 2021 performance and an overview of our long-term plan. Dave will then provide details on our financials. Then we'll take your questions. So let's start on Slide 4. On the second quarter call, I said that we were having a strong start to the year. And with three quarters of 2021 behind us, that description is still on the mark, as we continue to deliver for our team, customers, communities and investors. This progress in 2021 positions us well for our future growth. DTE continues to be recognized for our engagement by Gallup with our ninth consecutive Great Workplace Award. In addition, we remain committed to our focus on diversity, equity and inclusion. Switching over to our customers. As you know, our service territory experienced some major storms. This summer, we had 12 storms with five having over 100,000 outages. It is something we have never seen in DTE's history. I would like to thank our entire team for really responding in incredible ways for these historic events. Our crews work countless hours to restore power to our customers. And for that, I am very grateful. We understand how important it is to provide reliable power and are committed to making continuous improvements as part of our service excellence efforts for our customers, now and into the future. We have accelerated our efforts in the most impacted communities, including Wayne, Oakland and the Washtenaw counties. In an effort to accelerate our preventative maintenance, we are increasing our tree trim workforce from 1,200 to almost 1,500 people, and our overhead line workforce from 850 to over 1,000. We made the decision to invest an additional $70 million in our tree trimming program from 2021 to 2023, as over two-thirds of our outages are tree related. Additionally, we have been making significant investments and increasing our focus on grid reliability. We are advancing our efforts to get trees off the wires and deliver clean, safe and reliable energy, all while focusing on service excellence for our customers. We filed the distribution grid plan with the Michigan Public Service Commission in September. The plan addresses the long-term investment strategy that prepares our grid for the eventual electrification of transportation and addresses the increasingly severe weather patterns that we have seen in our service territory. Moving on to our communities. We are continuing our commitment to provide cleaner, more reliable energy. We have partnered with Washtenaw County to build our first MIGreenPower community solar project. The 20-megawatt facility will be the largest of its kind in the area. On the investor front, we continue to have a strong financial year and are well positioned to deliver growth. As you will see in our 2022 outlook and our five-year plan, we are on track to deliver 5% to 7% EPS growth through 2026 and dividend growth in line with our EPS growth. Now let's turn to Slide 5. 2021 is shaping up to be a very successful year. We are raising the midpoint of our operating EPS guidance from $5.77 to $5.84 per share. This is 14% growth in EPS from our original 2020 guidance. And I feel very confident that you'll see a final 2021 number but is at the higher end of our new operating EPS guidance range. I am proud that we're able to deliver these results while we continue to keep our electric base rates flat throughout most of 2022. We have not increased our electric base rates since May of 2020, and we don't plan to file our next electric rate case until early next year. For 2022, we are providing an operating EPS early outlook range of $5.70 to $5.97 per share. Even with the RFE earnings rolling off at the end of this year, we continue to deliver 6% growth from the 2021 original guidance midpoint. We will work towards hitting the higher end of that range as we have done in the past. Today, we are also announcing a 7% increase to our 2022 annualized dividend in line with the top end of our operating EPS growth target. As I mentioned on the last quarter call, we retired the River Rouge power plant this year, and plan to retire Trenton Channel and St. Clair power plants in 2022. This is nearly 2,000 megawatts of coal retirements or 30% of our coal generation fleet. In this quarter, we made another significant step toward our goal of reducing carbon emissions. We announced that we'll be ceasing coal use of Belle River by 2028, two years earlier than originally planned, and preparing also to file an updated integrated resource plan in the fall of 2022, almost one year earlier than planned. We look forward to working with all stakeholders to address ways to further accelerate decarbonization, while always maintaining affordability and reliability for our customers. In order to ensure we continue to have clean, reliable and affordable power for our customers, we have built or contracted for 2,500 megawatts of wind and solar energy purchased 1,200 megawatts of natural gas peaker plants and expect our new state-of-the-art of 1,100-megawatt combined cycle gas turbine plant be up and running in 2022 to coincide with our coal retirements. Now moving over to the nonutility side, we are renaming our Power and Industrial segment to DTE Vantage. Through our unique vantage point, we are helping customers transform the way their energy is produced and managed to be substantially cleaner and more efficient. The name DTE Vantage better reflects our position in bringing an innovative, cleaner energy solutions to our customers. Now let's turn to Slide 6 to review our five-year capital plan. Over the five-year plan, our utilities continue to focus on our infrastructure investment agenda, especially investments in cleaner generation and investments to improve reliability and the customer experience. Our updated five-year utility plan is $18 billion, which is $1 billion higher than the prior plan. Over 90% of our five-year investment plan will be at our two utilities. Investments in our non-utility business are strategically focused on our customers' needs and align with our aggressive ESG initiatives. Overall, we have a robust total investment agenda of $19.5 billion over the next five years. And as always, we continue to look for ways to bring more capital into the plan to advance our Clean Vision Plan and further improve reliability for our customers while maintaining affordability. Now let's turn to Slide 7. At DTE Electric, we announced our plan to accelerate decarbonization by ceasing coal use at the Belle River Power Plant by 2028, reducing carbon emissions by 50%, two years earlier than originally planned. This is another step toward our goal of net zero carbon emissions. Additionally, we expect to file our integrated resource plan in the fall of 2022, one year earlier than planned. By making this important generation decision now, DTE continues to accelerate our journey toward cleaner energy generation that is affordable and reliable for the customers and communities we serve. The $1 billion increase in our DTE Electric five-year plan is driven by distribution infrastructure investments, preparing our grid for electrification and hardening initiatives an increased cleaner energy investment due to our voluntary renewable program, which is still exceeding our high expectations. This quarter, we have partnered with Washtenaw County, to build our first MIGreenPower solar project. Overall, the MIGreenPower program, which is one of the largest in the nation, continues to grow at an impressive rate. So far, we have reached over 950 megawatts of voluntary renewable commitments with large business customers and over 40,000 residential customers. We have an additional 400 megawatts in advanced stages of discussion with future customers. For our distribution infrastructure renewal, we are supporting electrification and load growth with infrastructure redesign, improving circuit reliability and reducing restoration times with system hardening and enabling a smarter grid with advanced technology and automation. This $15 billion investment over the next five years supports our long-term operating earnings growth of 7% to 8% of the electric company. And now let's discuss the opportunity at our gas utility on Slide 8. At DTE Gas, we are on track to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. Earlier this year, we announced our new Natural Gas Balance program. This program provides the opportunity for customers to purchase both carbon offsets and renewable natural gas to enable them to offset up to 100% of the carbon from their natural gas usage. We are proud of how fast this program is growing. Earlier, we have over 4,000 customers subscribed, and we look forward to seeing it become as successful as our voluntary renewable program at DTE Electric. Overall, at DTE Gas, we are planning on investing $3 billion over the next five years to upgrade and replace aging infrastructure with potential upside to the plan of $500 million. Along with our pipeline integrity and main replacement investments, we are investing an innovative technology and products that will reduce methane emissions and the carbon footprint for our company. Overall, we expect our long-term operating earnings growth to be 9% at DTE Gas. Now let's turn to Slide 9. As I mentioned earlier, we renamed our P&I business to DTE Vantage. We are planning on investing between $1 billion to $1.5 billion at this segment over the next five years. We are targeting operating earnings of $85 million to $95 million in 2022, growing to $160 million to $170 million in 2026, with approximately 80% of the operating earnings in this business coming from decarbonization-related projects. As the REF business sunsets at the end of this year, we continue to see additional opportunities in renewable natural gas and industrial energy services. Earlier this year, we told you about a new RNG project in South Dakota, which is now under construction, and slated to start up in the second quarter of next year. We commenced construction on another Wisconsin RNG project in the third quarter and entered into an agreement for an additional RNG project, which will be our first project in New York. In aggregate, these three projects will serve the vehicle fuel market producing over 500,000 million BTUs of RNG per year, with 100% of the production offtake contracted long term. There has been strong RNG market growth, supported by the Federal Renewable Fuel Standard and California's Low Carbon Fuel Standard. We are uniquely positioned to capitalize on a growing preference for efficient energy, with the opportunity to implement coal generation systems, especially as manufacturing plants, continue to open up nationwide. This also puts us in a very good position to explore additional decarbonization opportunities, including carbon capture and storage. And with that, I'll turn it over to Dave to give you a financial update. Dave, over to you.
Dave Ruud: Thanks, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. Let me start on Slide 10 to review our third quarter financial results. Total operating earnings for the quarter were $334 million. This translates into a $1.72 per share. You can find a detailed breakdown on our EPS by segment, including a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the Appendix. I'll start the review at the top of the page with our Utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $342 million for the quarter. This was lower than the third quarter of 2020, primarily due to cooler weather in 2021 and higher storm cost, partially offset by higher commercial sales. Moving on to DTE Gas. Operating earnings were $10 million lower than the third quarter last year. The earnings decrease was driven primarily by higher O&M expenses and rate based growth costs, partially offset by the rate implementation. Let's keep moving down the page to DTE Vantage on the third row. Operating earnings were $73 million. This is $26 million higher than the third quarter of 2020, driven primarily by REF earnings and new RNG projects. On the next row, you can see energy trading had another solid quarter, with operating earnings relatively flat quarter-over-quarter. Finally, Corporate & Other was unfavorable $3 million quarter-over-quarter. There are a couple of main drivers for this variance. The largest driver is the timing of taxes, which will reverse in the fourth quarter. We also had a onetime tax item true-up subsequent to the spin of DTE Midstream. As we look forward to the balance of the year, the tax timing adjustments for the first three quarters will result approximately a $50 million favorable reversal in the fourth quarter. So our full year 2021 results at Corporate & Other is expected to fall within our guidance for that segment. Overall, DTE has earned $1.72 per share from continuing operations in the third quarter of 2021. This represents a very strong third quarter and our year-to-date results put us in a great position for the year. Let's turn to Slide 11. As Jerry mentioned, we are raising the midpoint of our 2021 operating EPS guidance from $5.77 to $5.84 per share. Our revised operating EPS guidance range for 2021 is $5.70 to $5.98 per share. And with strong year-to-date performance, we expect our full year operating EPS to be biased towards the higher end of this range. This bias to the higher end also reflects the additional investment in reliability as we are investing $70 million to combat extreme weather-related power outages with no impact to our customer bills. Additionally, we've contemplated some further invest opportunities in our businesses during 2021, which positions DTE well for success in future years. Let's move on to Slide 12 to discuss our 2022 outlook. We are continuing strong 5% to 7% long-term operating EPS growth through some significant milestones. We are converting $1.3 billion of mandatory equity in '22, and the REF business will sunset at the end of 2021. Through this, we will achieve 6% growth from 2021 original guidance. Our 2022 operating EPS early outlook midpoint is $5.84 per share, and we will work toward hitting the higher end of our range of $5.70 to $5.97 per share. In 2022, at DTE Electric Group growth will be driven by distribution and cleaner generation investments. DTE Gas will see continued customer-focused investments in main renewal and other infrastructure improvements to support our capital plan. As we discussed, 2021 is the final year of earnings for our reduced emission fuels business at DTE Vantage, approximately $90 million of REF earnings net of associated costs rolls off at the end of the year. This is offset by new project earnings in 2022. 2022 earnings at this segment are largely driven by continued RNG and industrial energy services projects that will serve as a base for growth going forward. At Corporate & Other, the biggest driver in our year-over-year improvement is lower interest expense. This is the result of leveraging earnings and cash strength in 2021 to opportunistically remarket some higher-priced debt. This will provide interest savings in 2022 and future years. Let's turn to Slide 13 to discuss our balance sheet and equity issuance plan and wrap up before taking your questions. We continue to focus on maintaining solid balance sheet metrics. Due to our strong cash flows, DTE has minimal equity issuances in our plan beyond the convertible equity units in 2022, while also increasing our five-year capital investment plan by $1 billion. We have a strong investment-grade credit rating and target an FFO to debt of 16%. Additionally, we are increasing our 2022 dividend by 7% to $3.54 per share. In the third quarter, we completed our liability management plan following the spin of our Midstream Business. Using the funds raised from DTMs debt issuance, we repurchased a little over $2.6 billion of corporate debt and incurred approximately $400 million of debt breakage fees associated with the early retirement of the debt. Since this debt was allocated to the midstream business in our previous financial statements, you won't see a large decrease in the debt level at Corporate & Other. This liability management plan is NPV positive, EPS accretive, and further supports our long-term growth. So in summary, we feel great about our success so far this year and are confident in achieving our increased 2021 guidance. 2022 is looking good with 6% EPS growth from 2021 original guidance and our increased five-year capital plan supports our 5% to 7% long-term growth while delivering cleaner generation and increased reliability for our customers. DTE continues to be well positioned to deliver the premium total shareholder returns that our investors have come to expect over the past decade with strong utility growth and a dividend growing in line with EPS. With that, I thank you for joining us today, and we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Shar Pourreza: Just on the CapEx plan, how are you currently looking at the generation spending in plan? I mean you announced Belle River would cease coal operations ahead of schedule. So there are sort of incremental spending opportunities for generation, especially in light of the IRP filing. Any kind of specific constructs that you may be looking for, Jerry? We've seen some more aggressive proposals from your Michigan peer. And I guess I'm asking, can you get out of all coal by the 2030, '35 time frame? And do you sort of -- is there an opportunity to provide an early look into the IRP at EEI ahead of next year's filing? So a couple of embedded questions.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. So Shar, as you've seen, we've accelerated the Belle River Power Plant conversion from coal to other fuel sources like natural gas or RNG and potentially hydrogen. So that's certainly that works by 2028. As you mentioned, we're going to file an IRP in the fall of next year, and we're going to really use the next year to get a lot of feedback from interested stakeholders like the commission and other parties that will have an interest in our acceleration of coal retirements. As you know, the Monroe coal plant is slated to retire in 2040, but we are looking at many scenarios to pull that forward, Shar. So that will be -- become much more transparent when we file the IRP, the details of exactly how we're going to do that and also replace that baseload generation. It's over 3,000 megawatts of baseload generation. So we're going to have to think through very carefully, how do we maintain reliability and affordability and get good feedback from our stakeholders. So what you see in the current five-year outlook is an increase of about $1 billion in cleaner generation that's really driven primarily by our investments in voluntary renewables as well as some investments that we have on our [Omtydro] facility and a small hydrogen pilot perhaps at our Blue Water Energy Center.
Shar Pourreza: And then, Jerry, just a question on '21 guidance and sort of how you plan to offset some of the storm and other headwinds from 3Q that were not in plan, right? What sorts of kind of maybe discretionary spending flex do you have? And does that kind of differ anything into '22? So I guess I'm asking about contingency and flex and if you're using any of that in '22.
Jerry Norcia: We're going to deliver 2021. All of those storm casts are already reflected in our results and in our current guidance for 2021. So I can tell you I'm being extremely confident in delivering in 2021. And as we -- Dave and I mentioned in our speaker description that we'll likely deliver at the high end of that. So we're feeling really strong about '21. I have no concerns about delivering 2021, and 2022, just to speak about that for a moment. As usual, we spent all of the year building levels of contingency to ensure the delivery of 2022. And as you've seen in the past, if we don't consume that contingency, then we'll trend towards the higher end of guidance. So again, '21 is locked in and trending towards the higher end of that guidance, and '22 is feeling really good and really strong at this point in time. As a matter of fact, we're busy working on '23 to build a strong plan for 2023.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. That's what I was trying to get at. And just lastly for me, on the energy trading side. Obviously, we're seeing a step run on commodities, right? And gas is now little over $6 for the winter. How is -- I guess, Jerry, how is the portfolio positioned in terms of volatility with the gas? And are there any kind of risks to counterparties as we saw with Texas this year conversely. Is there kind of an opportunity to exceed there?
Jerry Norcia: We -- our portfolio is slightly long as it relates to natural gas, Shar. So if anything, there's bias for upside as commodity prices in the gas business have gone up. So that would, say, certainly biased for some level of upside.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: It's actually Ryan on for Jeremy. Just kind of wanted to start on the DTE Vantage in that $160 million, $170 million laid out in 2026. Just wonder if you can kind of talk through the line of sight you have to that number? And then I know you have been very successful with the RNG projects, and that has been trending well, but thinking through the carbon capture side, how much kind of growth capital you think you could deploy there in the near term? And how much the kind of current legislative environment with the 45Q support that? Or how much you might need support on that side to make those projects kind of more economic?
Jerry Norcia: So I'll start by saying that the way we get to our guidance, five-year guidance for DTE Advantage is we continue to deliver $15 million of net income growth per year. And that's really underpinned by us being very selective about what RNG projects we do and what cogeneration projects we do. Those are our two major business lines. So just to give you a feel for it, we'll complete construction of the Dakota Plains project in 2022. And then we've got a Wisconsin project that will go in service in 2022 as well. And we got a third one in New York that will likely be placed into service in '22 or early '23. And in addition, we have a cogen facility that goes online in 2022. All of that builds for our growth into 2023 and beyond as well as we've got a handful of really strong opportunities in the pipeline in the RNG space and cogen space that we'll keep marching along. Again, $15 million in new net income is something that we feel is reasonable to achieve each and every year. And that's how we got to our $90 million for 2022 by knocking off $15 million a year for five years. So we're just going to continue on that trend and deliver for you all.
Unidentified Analyst: That makes sense. Carbon capture...
Jerry Norcia: Yes. I was going to speak to carbon capture. That's early for us. The 45Q is very good, but the low carbon fuel standard in California makes it even more interesting. So we are looking at potential carbon capture opportunities, but I'd tell you, it's extremely early at this point in time. But we'll continue to update you as we make progress in that arena.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. That makes sense. I just wanted to follow up a little bit on the Electric CapEx and kind of thinking through the voluntary renewables, I think you said 950 megawatts and then another 400 megawatts is kind of in advanced negotiations. How should we be thinking about like what is kind of currently embedded in the current capital plan? And then how much is kind of further upside opportunity? Is it fair to assume like that 400 megawatts is just a further opportunity at DTE Electric through the voluntary renewables program?
Jerry Norcia: Well, the 400 megawatts to go a long way to filling up the $3 billion we got in our five-year plan. So we -- that gives us great confidence that we'll deliver on the $3 billion of clean generation that you'll see on Slide 7. And is there upside? Yes, potentially. Every year, we continue to update that line item in cleaner generation as we think about coal retirements and as we think about increased voluntary renewables. All of that points towards future growth in our investments in cleaner generation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thank you so much for the opportunity. Well done all around here. A quick question here. I know you guys are talking about planning already all the way out to '23. But how are you thinking about just responding to the storms from this last summer. Obviously, resiliency and reliability are of paramount importance. Are there incremental capital opportunities here? We've heard some of your peers contemplating expanding, for instance, undergrounding and other sort of reinforcement opportunities around some of these latest rounds of storms as well as potentially baking in any incremental OpEx into your, for instance, '22 plan as you think about responding to the PSC here?
Jerry Norcia: Well, so let me take those one at a time, Julien. So you have seen that we made a regulatory filing to take some of the favorability in 2022 -- 2021 that we're experiencing and rolling it into $70 million, at least $70 million of incremental tree trim. So that's the immediate response, and that's going to fund 200 to 300 people, incremental tree trimmers coming to the state to trim trees, get the trees off our wires. So that's the immediate response. And so that will run through our tree trim tracker that we have, and that will be a good thing for our customers to get to improve reliability for the next summer and the subsequent summer. So we're really looking at accelerating our tree trim program with that incremental investment. And again, that will be sized somewhere between $70 million to $90 million of a pull forward. And that will be -- the source of that will be our favorability in '21 that we're experiencing. The second thing you'll see is in our capital plan, we've raised our distribution infrastructure investment from $7 billion to $8 billion. In response to our detailed planning that we've put in front of the commission as it relates to resiliency to accommodate worsening weather patterns and also to accommodate the eventuality of the electrification of the transportation fleet. That's going to be a big deal for us in the second half of this decade. Currently, we're starting to see over 1,000 connections to our grid from EVs, and that's grown from a couple of hundred last year. So all of that is pointed towards creating that $8 billion towards creating a more resilient, reliable and more efficient grid.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. All righty. And if I can, just to come back to that $15 million. If I remember right, I think the $90 million baseline you talked about here was off '22, if I remember, almost seems like the $155 million is even a little bit better than the 15% cadence. I could have my numbers off slightly there, but it seems like that's a good trend. And if you can -- again, not to rehash too much to that last question, but the line of sight of fixed versus today, certainly, it seems like at least at a minimum, a good placeholder and with an accelerating backdrop, relative to what you've already picked off at $15 million a year. You would think that there's potentially even more opportunity there. So you may have spoken to this a second ago, mentioning the incremental cogens. But I'm just trying to push you a little bit further on how much clarity do you already have against that $155 million versus incremental?
Jerry Norcia: Dave, I'll let you start, and then I'll jump in as well.
Dave Ruud: Yes. I'd say like Jerry said, we have a really good pipeline of projects within our DTE Vantage business right now. And so getting that $15 million a year is right within our sight. And one of the keys, Julien, as we've gone through this before, is staying within 10% of our business being nonutility. And so that's also one of the drivers that kind of keeps us from pushing that too much. There's always other ways that we can look at that if we did find some more growth, but that's also one of the limiters for our growth as well.
Jerry Norcia: And, Julien, that gives us the opportunity to be really selective. Right now, we're still seeing RNG projects that were originating, and they're all greenfield. And that's how we're creating the greatest amount of value. We're seeing three- to five-year simple cash paybacks and IRRs and the team, some levered IRRs and teams. So we like the approach that we have, and it also meets with our strategic goals of, like Dave said, keeping a 90-10 split between utility and nonutility.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. No, I didn't mean to nitpick. I was just suggesting that the 2026 seems like it's even better than 15% a year. And I was just coming back to that. Sorry. Thank you guys very much and I appreciate it. I leave it there.
Jerry Norcia: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Insoo Kim: A lot of my questions have been asked and answered. But just on the financing side of things, you've laid out through 2024 now minimum equity needs. And when we think about this additional $1 billion over the roll forward, five-year plan. Any insight into that '25, '26 period, whether at least in this base plan for now, whether you'll need any more equity in terms of the back half of the plan.
Dave Ruud: Yes, we see really good cash flow generation through our five-year plan. And so that minimal equity needs like that's consistent right now within our plan, even bringing in this additional $1 billion of capital into the plan.
Insoo Kim: Okay. Understood. And then my follow up question is, Jerry, your company has had a track record of being pretty conservative on your annual guidance and always exceeding or outperforming that in this -- whether it's 2022 or whatnot, the 6% that you've highlighted does make sense. The question is, given for this year this kind of the second time that you're raising the guidance. What are -- are there not as many opportunities just from like an operational constraint basis to pull forward more cost into the next year, so that from a year-over-year cadence perspective for earnings growth that it's a bit smoother. Just wondering I think given some of the investors and people on the street are used to or looking for more stability and predictably of annual earnings growth despite you guys always having that track record of outperforming your guidance. So just any color there.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. So I'll start by saying that if you look at our track record over the last decade, you would see that our EPS growth on a CAGR basis is one of the highest in the industry. And I think it's tracking probably well over 8% at this point in time, if we were to include this year. So we're pretty proud of our EPS growth track record. We are conservative in our planning in the sense that we do put contingencies in to anticipate any potential variations in either load or weather at our two biggest income producers, which are utilities. So again, as I mentioned, for 2022, I feel really good about the level we're planning that's gone into 2022. And if we do not consume our contingency, we'll be tracking towards the higher end of that guidance. For 2023, we're putting that year together, and I expect that, that will come together just as nicely as '21 and '22 and the last decade had.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar. Your line is open.
Travis Miller: I wonder if you could give some thoughts on the latest developments in the gas rate case the various filings there?
Jerry Norcia: Sure. So we've had multiple interveners including the staff and the EG and now the administrative lodge judge filed their positions. When we take all of that into consideration, we feel pretty good about the outcome that we expect from the gas rate case. We really believe we'll get a productive outcome and that we'll meet our needs and our investors' needs.
Travis Miller: Okay. Is the sensitivity around that 2022 guidance, is that -- is there sensitivity in there in terms of what the final outcome might be on that gas case?
Jerry Norcia: Well, certainly, part of our contingency planning is to try and accommodate various scenarios. But I would say that you'll see a productive outcome on ROE, which is really important to our investors. The commission has taken a past practice of gradual approaches to ROE and has also taken a pretty fair stance on our capital deployment plans and the investments that we've made in the gas business. So I think we're going to get a really productive outcome that will help us deliver our 2022 targets.
Travis Miller: And that's all supportive of the CapEx numbers that you were putting out there for the next few years, right?
Jerry Norcia: That's correct. And we've got strong support from commissioners and the staff on our CapEx program at the gas company, it really is about infrastructure renewal. We're replacing about 200 miles of gas main every year from replacing the cast iron with new PVC piping and also moving about 30,000 meters from inside the home to outside of the home. So, all of that is pointed at future safe and reliable operation of our gas infrastructure. So lots of support for that, strong support not only from the commission, but also from the administration who's built infrastructure renewal in the state.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jonathan Arnold: Just one question on the gas utility. CapEx plan. You said, I think, there's $0.5 billion of incremental opportunity sitting on top of the base plan, which is sort of similar to how that looked last year, possibly the year before, I was just checking. But Jerry, can you give us a sense of what's in there and what the timing and sort of forums or getting some of that into the plan would be?
Jerry Norcia: Sure. So we've brought in about an extra $100 million into this current five-year outlook, incremental. And we are always looking for opportunities to bring more. We've got a very large inventory of infrastructure retail needs of the gas company. Primarily starting to point towards some of our transmission assets like aging compressor stations and also aging pipelines that are going to start to need some level of replacement in the transmission portion of our operation. So what stands in the way of getting incremental capital into the plan is really us finding affordability opportunities to offset the rate pressure that these investments would create, so that's what would bring it in, Jonathan. And so we'll continue to update that plan each and every year and try to bring more CapEx into the plan to accelerate our work as it relates to infrastructure renewal.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. So we should -- should we think of it as part of the next -- the future rate case cycles as opposed to other regulatory value?
Jerry Norcia: That's where you will see it, that's where it will be most transparent.
Jonathan Arnold: Thank you, Jerry. And then just on the tax items in the quarter is the corporate. I think you mentioned there was this item that's going to reverse $50 million in the fourth quarter, but you'd also mentioned a onetime true-up in third quarter. I was just wondering if Dave could unpack those how much those two different items impacted the quarter and which direction the true-up went in, et cetera.
Jerry Norcia: Dave, do you want to take that?
Dave Ruud: Sure. As you said, there were two big drivers for the variance in the quarter at Corporate and Others that were tax-related. We do still expect to hit our guidance for Corp and Other for the quarter and our increased guidance for the year. But on the tax -- the onetime true-up, that was a valuation allowance that was against the tax reduction that we are carrying forward. And so when we had lower pretax earnings as a result of the spin, we looked at this differently and realized that we had to reduce that a little bit and there would be about an $18 million delta for that that was negative. Then on the tax timing, the effective tax rate, that's an adjustment that we do for GAAP. And it's just because as our pretax earnings and credits aren't earned ratably over the year, we have an entry at Corporate & Other that trues that up to the effective tax rate. And so that was about the same amount for the quarter. And then we had some of that from the first three quarters that all will reverse in the fourth quarter, and that will be the $50 million that we discussed that we'll see favorable in the fourth quarter.
Jonathan Arnold: That's combined about $36 million in the third quarter.
Dave Ruud: Yes, it's right around that. It's a little less than that actually relative to last year. But yes, it's about that.
Jonathan Arnold: Great. And just one other thing. You mentioned in talking about '22, Dave, the conversion. But if I'm not wrong, that really hits really at the end of the year. So wouldn't that be more of a '23 headwind? And is that just sort of how should we think about that as you're trying to set up for a smoother growth, et cetera?
Dave Ruud: Yes. It comes in November of '22, so we see a little bit in '22. We see in '22, but then '23 is when it does have a little more of a headwind for us that we'll be growing through that, too.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. All right. I just want to check out, remember that correctly.
Operator: Your next question is from Ryan Levine with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Ryan Levine: What's the current gas hedge position for DTE Gas heading into the winter?
Jerry Norcia: So the current hedge position for gas is 90% heading into this winter and about 65% heading into the following winter of '22/'23.
Ryan Levine: Do you have a sense of what the net customer bill impact will be this winter as a result of that hedge profile and the current cash prices?
Jerry Norcia: It will be pretty minimal since we've secured about 90% of our gas supply at fixed prices. In other words, the prices are fixed for about 90% of the portfolio. So we see a very minimal impact.
Ryan Levine: Appreciate that. And then switching to the storm impacts. There's been, I guess, the governor letter and the commission request for information on some of the worst-performing circuits, I guess the question is, what do you -- what's the incremental cost for undergrounding that would make that option more viable? And is there any developments that could switch your current plan away from tree trimming to some other alternative form of mitigation?
Jerry Norcia: So I'll start by saying that about a little over 30% of our system is underground now. In the '70s, we started to underground all new subdivisions and all new developments. So we have been underground for quite a few years. What remains above ground in residential neighborhoods primarily is infrastructure that's older than that. We've looked at and continue to look at ways to strategically underground. But it is very expensive. So you have to be very strategic about how you do it. So just to give you an idea about seven or eight years ago, I was asked by a mayor of one of the communities that we serve, whether we could underground the whole system. And it was a community of 14,000 residents and the cost to underground was in the hundreds of millions of dollars. The cost to trim those circuits was $200,000 or $300,000 and which would give us about 95% of the same reliability impact. So it's, again, undergrounding is great. I think we have to approach it in a strategic manner. That is a question that we're addressing in our distribution plan, five-year plan that we put in front of the commission and we'll continue to work to find ways -- strategic ways to underground. But it is very cost prohibitive to take existing systems and underground them and also disruptive to our customers. In a sense that the locations where you have to underground, you have to remove the trees, tear up front lines and drive ways as well as backyards potentially when systems are in people's backyards.
Ryan Levine: Appreciate it. And maybe one last follow-up. In terms of the potential penalties that could be ascribed for future storm outages. Any color you can provide around how you're approaching that potential issue and if any of these mitigation efforts could play into that decision?
Jerry Norcia: Well, many of the mitigation efforts that we're deploying increased tree trim and of course, an $8 billion investment agenda in the grid, I think, will go a long ways to fundamentally improving the reliability of the grid. In terms of customer credits that we provide, we are revisiting that with the commission, and we expect to resolve that over the next 12 to 18 months. We think that the $25 credit for extended periods of outage is outdated, and we agree that it needs to be increased, and we just need to arrive at a level that makes a lot of sense because all of the money that you put towards credit can also be used to improve the infrastructure. So there is a balance there. But also a recognition of some of the difficult situations that, say, for example, there are low-income customers find themselves in when we have outages that may last three or four days.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Andrew Weisel: Just to elaborate on the winter gas prices. You just talked about the hedge position for gas. What about the electric side? Can you remind us what tools you have? I think you have some hedging programs and access to storage. Is that right?
Jerry Norcia: Well, for the electric side, we're primarily burning coal is our primary fuel source at this point in time and also nuclear fuel. And those are well hedged at this point in time, and we burn a minimal amount of natural gas at this point. Now when we bring on our combined cycle plant, we will be burning a significant amount more natural gas, and we'll look to hedge those products as well as we -- as that plant comes into service late 2022.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Good. So also minimal risk to customer build this winter.
Jerry Norcia: Yes.
Andrew Weisel: Next question is on the electric rate case filing coming up. I believe you're planning to file by year-end. Remind us, will the $70 million tree trimming initiative be part of that? Or will that be resolved before you file? And beyond that, should it be a pretty plain vanilla case? Or are there any other unusual items to focus on?
Jerry Norcia: Andrew, we're planning to file the first quarter of next year, so it won't be the end of this year. And the tree-trim matter will be resolved before that filing. Again, as we will use a special accounting order to take, I'd say, capability from 2021 to roll into our tree-trim program, and that will be sized anywhere from $70 million to $90 million. And then, of course, the filing that we will make in the first quarter, early first quarter, to be primarily driven by the capital investment agenda that we have for the electric company, both our renewables agenda and our grid agenda.
Andrew Weisel: Great. Then just one quick bookkeeping question. The $70 million tree-trim program, I believe that will be expensed and included in operating results not stripped out, right? And if so, would that be a fourth quarter item?
Jerry Norcia: Dave?
Dave Ruud: Yes, it would. Yes, we'd be setting up a regulatory liability and it would be -- it would impact the fourth quarter as well.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. So that's included in the updated 2021 guidance?
Dave Ruud: Yes, it's included in our guidance right now. And even with that $70 million, still really confident we're going to hit the number in the upper end of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Anthony Crowdell: It just seems like yesterday when everyone was questioning NEXUS and now we're at $6 gas.
Jerry Norcia: Yes, EPM is doing quite well in this environment as we expected.
Anthony Crowdell: I just have one question, kind of a follow-up from one of the earlier questions. I mean I think you talked about bill impact is minimal. It seems that DTE has a strategy with nuclear plants, coal plants, gas plant and the bill impact is minimal. Do you sense though that showing the strength of having the diversified portfolio, there may be a change in regulators supporting retiring coal earlier given that it's really mitigated the bill impact.
Jerry Norcia: We haven't seen that yet, Anthony, but I would say one of the things that I hear a lot in the industry that we are also considering is to keep all our options open, right? We've seen some significant reliability impacts by retiring baseload generation and replacing it with intermittent resources. Now we love renewables. We obviously are a big investor, the largest investor, in renewables in our state, but we also feel that reliability is paramount. So when we think about our coal plants and the conversion of those or retirement of those, we really need to think carefully how and when we do it because the first thing our customers want is reliable power and affordable power and cleaner power. So, all of those have to be balanced. So I would say keeping our options open to ensure that we have reliable power as we make this transition is going to be extremely important. And you'll see that in our IRP. We will accelerate our coal retirements in our IRP that you'll see next fall. But you'll also see careful consideration on how that's done to ensure reliable power and affordable power and clean power to go with it.
Anthony Crowdell: Great, looking forward to seeing you guys down to the EEI.
Jerry Norcia: Yes, I look forward to seeing you, too.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Norcia, I turn the call back over to you.
Jerry Norcia: Well, thank you, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'll just close by saying that we're feeling really good about the remainder of 2021, as you've heard, and also have developed a very strong position for 2022. I hope everyone has a great morning, stays healthy and safe. And I look forward to seeing all of you live at EEI in November. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the DTE Energy Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call [Operator Instructions].  I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Barbara Tuckfield. Please go ahead.
Barbara Tuckfield: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone to read the safe harbor statement on Page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix. With us this morning are Gerry Norcia, President and CEO; and Dave Ruud, Senior Vice President and CFO. And now I'll turn it over to Jerry to start the call this morning.
Gerry Norcia: Thanks, Barb, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. I hope everyone is staying healthy and safe. This morning, I'll recap our performance for the second quarter, then Dave will provide a financial review of the quarter and wrap things up before we take your questions. So let's start on Slide 4. We are making great progress this year at DTE for our team, our customers and our communities, positioning us to deliver for our investors. This progress has produced a strong second quarter and positions us well for continued growth. Our distinctive team of 10,000 plus employees continues to be recognized for our engagement by Gallup with our ninth consecutive Great Workplace Award, continue to build on this strength with our focus on diversity, equity and inclusion to create an even better workplace for all our employees where everyone feels valued, welcome and able to contribute their best energy. Our company celebrated Juneteenth together last month with a series of virtual meetings, we pay tribute to this important day with local community partners. A number of employees offered reflections on what the day means to them personally. Overall, it was a great way to come together and honored a significant holiday. We understand that all people thrive and succeed when they feel included and welcome. We continue to focus on service excellence for our customers and delivering clean, safe and reliable energy as we continue our clean energy transformation. DTE Electric received approval from the MPSC to further expand the voluntary renewable program MIGreenPower, while also making it even more affordable, including increased access for low income customers. Additionally, we partnered with Ford Motor Company to install new rooftop solar and battery storage technology at the Ford Research and Engineering Center. The array includes an integrated battery storage system and will be used to power newly and installed electric vehicle chargers. This can generate over 1,100 megawatt hours of clean energy. We also continue to support the communities where we live and serve. We were also recognized by Points of Light for the fourth consecutive year as one of the Civic 50. This award highlights DTE as one of the top 50 community minded companies nationwide and corporate citizenship. We also launched a Tree Trim Academy to create 200 high paying jobs in Detroit. DTE has a need for Tree Trimmers and the community has a need for good high quality jobs. It will also help us continue to improve electric liability as trees account for over 70% of our customer outages. On the investor front, we completed the spin of the midstream business. Now DTE Midstream is a stand-alone company and DTE Energy is a predominantly pure-play utility with 90% of operating earnings coming from our utilities. The transaction went very smoothly and was well received by all stakeholders. We didn't miss a beat on a very strategic transaction and many said we made it look easy. Many thanks to the DTE team and our advisers that made this effort a great success for our employees and our investors. We delivered a strong second quarter with earnings of $1.70 per share, and we are raising our 2021 operating earnings guidance and continue to pay a strong dividend. Let's turn to Slide 5. DTE is continuing to deliver successful operating results. At DTE Electric, we made another significant step toward our goal of reducing carbon emissions as we retired River Rouge Power Plant in the second quarter. For over 60 years, the River Rouge Power Plant delivered safe, reliable and affordable energy for communities throughout Southeast Michigan. River Rouge is one of the three coal fired power plants DTE is retiring by the end of 2022, which is an integral part of our company's clean energy transformation. We continue to look at ways to accelerate our coal fleet retirements and potentially file our updated IRP before September of 2023. We continue to expand on our voluntary renewable program, which is exceeding our high expectations. In the first quarter, we announced the commitment of new customers to MIGreenPower, including the State of Michigan, Bedrock and Trinity Health. During the second quarter, we signed up a number of new large customers, including Detroit Diesel, which is now one of our largest voluntary renewable customers. The program continues to grow at an impressive rate. So far, we've reached 950 megawatts of voluntary renewable commitments with large business customers and approximately 35,000 residential customers. We have an additional 400 megawatts in the very advanced stages of discussion for future customers. MIGreenPower is one of the largest voluntary renewable programs in the nation and helps advance our work towards our net zero carbon emission goal, while helping our customers meet their decarbonization goals. We have made progress with our expedited tree trimming program, which is greatly improving reliability for our customers and have received Michigan Public Service Commission approval to securitize the tree trimming costs along with costs associated with the River Rouge Power Plant retirement. At DTE Gas, we are on track to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. We began the second phase of construction on our major transmission renewal project in Northern Michigan in June. The project includes the installation of a new pipeline, as well as facility modification work which will reduce the risk of significant customer outages. Project is on track to be in service by the first quarter of next year. Last quarter, we announced our New CleanVision Natural Gas Balance program. This program provides the opportunity for customers to purchase both carbon offsets and renewable natural gas to enable them to reduce their carbon footprint. We are proud of how fast the program is growing. Early we have over 3,000 customers subscribed and we are looking forward to seeing it become as successful as our voluntary renewable program at DTE Electric. On our Power and Industrial business, we continue to add new projects as we began construction on a new RNG facility on a large dairy farm in South Dakota. This will be P&I's largest dairy R&D project to date. Project will directly inject RNG into the Northern Natural Gas system for sale into the California transportation fuels market. Facility is expected to be in service in the third quarter of 2022. We are also in advanced discussions on several new industrial energy and R&D projects, and we'll provide updates on these as they progress. P&I was also recognized by the Association of Union Contractors with the 2020 Project of the Year Award for the Ford Dearborn cogeneration project. Overall, I am extremely proud of the team's accomplishments year-to-date and I'm looking forward to more successes in 2021 and beyond. Now moving on to Slide 6. As I said, we've had a very strong start to 2021. We are raising our operating earnings guidance midpoint from $5.51 per share to $5.77 per share, moving our year-over-year growth and operating EPS guidance from 7.4% to a robust 12.5%. We are able to use some of this favorability to position the company to continue to deliver in future years. We mentioned in Q1, we were deep into planning for 2022 in a great level of detail. With all of this work, we feel great about achieving a smooth 5% to 7% growth trajectory into 2022 and through the five year plan. You are not going to see any surprises from us in our growth rate in 2022 in spite of the [indiscernible] rollup and the converts coming due. 90% of our future operating earnings will be from our two regulated utilities where we have a large investment agenda with $17 billion of capital investment in our five year plan, focused on clean energy and customer reliability. Overall, we feel very confident with our performance in 2021 and our future operational and financial performance. Now I'll turn it over to Dave to discuss DTE's financial performance. Dave, over to you.
Dave Ruud: Thanks, Gerry, and good morning, everyone. Let me start on Slide 7 to review our second quarter financial results. Total operating earnings for the quarter were $329 million. This translates into $1.70 per share. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. I'll start the review at the top of the page with our utilities. The second quarter was a really warm quarter for us here in Michigan. In fact, it was the seventh warmest on record. DTE Electric earnings were $238 million for the quarter, which was $19 million higher than the second quarter of 2020, primarily due to higher commercial sales, rate implementation and warmer weather, offset by nonqualified benefit plan gains that we had in 2020. As we mentioned in the first quarter call, we've taken steps to reduce the variability of these investments going forward. Moving on to DTE Gas. Operating earnings were $7 million, $4 million lower than the second quarter of last year. The earnings decrease was driven primarily by the warmer weather in 2021, offset by new rates. Let's keep moving to the Gas Storage and Pipelines business on the third row. Operating earnings for GSP were $86 million, which was $16 million higher than the second quarter of 2020, driven primarily by the LEAP pipeline going into service and strong earnings across the pipeline segment. On the next row, you can see our Power and Industrial segment operating earnings were $34 million. This is a $9 million increase from second quarter last year due to new RNG projects beginning operation. On the next one you can see our operating earnings at our Energy Trading business were $21 million, which is $16 million higher than second quarter earnings last year due primarily to strong performance in the gas portfolio. Year-to-date through the second quarter, this positions us positive to our expectation and our original guidance for the year. Finally, Corporate and Other was unfavorable $22 million quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to the timing of taxes and higher interest expense. Overall, DTE earned $1.70 per share in the second quarter of 2021, which is $0.17 per share higher than 2020. Moving on to Slide 8. Given the strong start to the year, we were able to use this favorability to position ourselves to continue to deliver for our customers and investors in future years. And we are also increasing our 2021 operating EPS guidance midpoint $5.51 per share to $5.77 per share. The increase in guidance is due primarily to warmer than normal weather, sustained continuous improvement and uncollectible expense variability at DTE Electric, higher REF volumes at P&I and stronger performance of energy trading due to the realization of gains from a small, long physical storage position during the extreme cold weather event in Texas in the first quarter. In the third quarter, we are seeing additional sales upside for Electric compared to our plan and higher than planned REF volumes at P&I. We are continuing to explore opportunities to support future years through our invest strategy and to support future customer affordability. As you can see on the slide, there is no Gas Storage and Pipeline segment in our operating guidance for this year. The GSP segment will be classified as discontinued operations starting in the third quarter. Let's turn to Slide 9 to briefly discuss our balance sheet and equity issuance plan. We continue to focus on maintaining solid balance sheet metrics. Due to our continued strong cash flows, DTE is targeting no equity issuances in 2021 and has minimal equity needs in our plan beyond the convertible equity units in 2022. We have a strong investment grade rating and targeted an FFO to debt ratio of 16%. With the proceeds from the spin off of DTM, we are retiring long term parent debt of approximately $2.6 billion after debt breakage costs. These were NPV positive transaction and immediately EPS accretive as we were able to retire a higher interest rate debt to support our current plan and to deliver our 5% to 7% operating EPS growth rate. Now I'll wrap up on Slide 10, and we open the line for questions. We feel great about our second quarter accomplishments and we are confident in achieving our increased 2021 guidance and continuing to deliver on our long term 5% to 7% operating EPS growth rate. Our utilities continue to focus on our infrastructure investment agenda, specifically investments in clean generation and investments to improve reliability and the customer experience. We continue to focus on maintaining solid balance sheet metrics and are targeting no equity issuances in 2021. In closing, after executing a successful spin of our midstream business, DTE continues to be well positioned to deliver the premium, total shareholder returns that our investors have come to expect over the past decade with strong utility growth and a growing dividend. With that, I thank you for joining us today, and we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim.
Shar Pourreza: So just on the IRP that, Gerry, you kind of referenced in your prepared, your peer obviously has an aggressive decarbonization plan out there, probably one of the more aggressive plans. Can we maybe just get a sense on how you're thinking about your upcoming IRP and sort of not to frontrun the process. But can you get out of all your coal prior to the 2030s?
Gerry Norcia: Well, we're looking -- Shar, we're looking at how we can accelerate our coal retirements. We've started with a larger position in our coal fleet and our self-generation fleet. So we are looking very closely at how we can accelerate all of these retirements prior to 2040. So you'll recall that in our prior IRP, we were retiring all of our coal by 2040. So we're looking at acceleration scenarios to pull that forward. And as I've mentioned in past discussions, we will update you likely at the end of the year or early next year as what those plans may look like. And we're spending a lot of time with various stakeholders through the summer, including our Board, having those conversations, trying to balance the interest of acceleration and of course, affordability and reliability.
Shar Pourreza: And Gerry, can EEI be the right podium to disclose the updated plan?
Gerry Norcia: It will either there, Shar, or early in the new year,t hat's the range of timing that we're looking at right now. We'll get a little tighter on that as we go forward.
Shar Pourreza: And then just as a follow-up, sort of between kind of already strong rate base growth at DTE Electric and Gas, which obviously exceeds your earnings guidance growth rate, and you have the potential to accelerate decarbonization with the updated IRP coming. And I guess how does all this kind of play into your 5% to 7% growth rate? Obviously, I understand you've taken a conservative bend here. But could we see some incremental upside here in time, especially if you decarbonize faster than what's in your current internal planning assumptions?
Gerry Norcia: Well, we're looking -- obviously, we're in the middle of all of that analysis. And as you've mentioned, Shar, typically, we update our capital forecast at EEI for our five year outlook. And as we start to build in these earlier retirements, there could be impact on the back end of that plan. As you recall, the back end of our plan return more to the average in terms of rate base growth and earnings growth of the two utilities. So likely it will be impactful in the back end of that plan. So more to come on that, Shar, but we're working through all those details now.
Operator: The next question is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: I know that GSP is now discontinued. So obviously not a focus going forward in the same way. But just wanted to better understand, I guess, what was happening here. If I look at the results so far, it seems like GSP had put up 56% of the high end of the guidance already. And so I was just wondering if you could expand a bit more on what specifically GSP did to kind of exceed expectations in the first half? Or if there was something baked into later in the year that was going to weigh down? Just trying to understand a bit better what was happening there.
Gerry Norcia: We can comment on the first half, and I know the pipeline company will have their earnings call here later, I think early next month. So I'm sure they'll comment on that. But what we can talk about is the first half of the year, and we just saw favorability in all the platforms across the board, our southern platforms and our northern platforms.
Jeremy Tonet: I mean were those sustained or is there anything kind of onetime in nature that was a positive benefit?
Gerry Norcia: Again, it was a pickup in activity and value across all our platforms, both in the Appalachia platforms and the Haynesville platform. I think in terms of forward looking that will be more appropriate for DTM to describe.
Jeremy Tonet: And maybe just kind of pivoting over to the electric utility, some really strong results there. And just wondering if you could provide a bit more color with regard to low trend recoveries there. It seems like commercial sales were coming better. But just wondering if you could provide a little bit more detail on how things materialize versus your expectations versus your guidance for the segment and how you see that kind of trending?
Gerry Norcia: Dave, do you want to take that?
Dave Ruud: First, if you look at quarter-over-quarter that we have in there, you could see that was way up, and that was especially commercial and industrial, that was really because we were comparing back to the worst period of the pandemic. So quarter-over-quarter, we saw commercial and industrial way up. Interestingly, we saw residential stay pretty flat quarter-over-quarter. And that's interesting because last year with people working from home, we saw our residential load running at an average of about 8% higher than we would have expected pre pandemic. And this year, so far, we're seeing that continue even though there has been some return to work that we still see but we're seeing this favorability at residential, and that's what's driving some of the favorability. So we've expected it to reduce more. But at this point, it's pretty sticky. So we're going to be watching this closely to see how it plays out and how it can impact really customer affordability going forward if it's remained sticky. I would say on commercial load, I mean, that's come pretty much all the way back from as to what we would have expected. At the kind of the height of the pandemic, we thought we'd see some more bankruptcies and closures in commercial, and we really haven't seen that. So we've seen our commercial load really come back to as expected. Industrial load was coming back and pretty much came back, but that has some variability in it due to some of the instability really or the challenges at the auto plants right now with the chip shortages, they're running a little more sporadically. But really it's been a great return to load and then the residential remains really sticky for us.
Jeremy Tonet: If I could slip in one more on RNG. Just wondering if you could expand a little bit on how large do you see this business kind of growing over time, it seems like there's more of a focus there? And how do you see the growth rate of that business kind of comparing to the rest of DTE?
Gerry Norcia: Well, the nonutility business will make up no more than 10% of overall operating earnings for the company. So the growth will be modest compared to the growth that we're seeing at our two utilities. We're planning to put to work over the next five years in our two utilities and somewhere between $1.5 billion and $2 billion to work in our nonutility businesses. So it will be modest levels of investment. We don't need a lot of income growth from that business. So we're being really picky and discerning about the type of projects that we invest in, in RNG, where we're seeing three to four year paybacks, simple cash paybacks and unlevered IRRs after tax in the teens. So that's what we're going after. So not a lot of pressure to grow there. And so we're being very discerning about our growth projects.
Operator: Your next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Quick question. I think you've alluded to it a couple of times, and I think Jeremy might have been trying to get at this. But you've alluded to a smooth trajectory here of 5% to 7% into '22. I just want to make sure that sort of on balance net of all these items the ballpark where we should still be assuming, right?
Gerry Norcia: That’s correct, Julien. We're going to be -- typically, we target the midpoint of our growth rates, that's how we plan for our business, that's how we build contingency plans, and that's what we're going to deliver next year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then perhaps even more importantly here, as you think about layering in these incremental items, be it the IRP at some point or frankly some of the renewable opportunities that are more on the voluntary side and/or some additional, as you say, perhaps late stage or advanced stage conversations on the industrial and R&D side. What's that outlook, the time line here? Some of the IRP updates maybe beyond the five year or do you think that some of that actually accrues the near term? I would presume the voluntary renewables and the nonutility businesses would be more in that five year period?
Gerry Norcia: The voluntary renewables update that we'll provide in the fall will certainly play into the five year plan. I would say the IRP work that we're doing could come into the five year plan, the latter part of the five year plan, but certainly there will be a good story beyond the five year plan as well.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then maybe to clarify your earlier comment about sort of showing a normalization in the rate based growth trajectory when you commented to Shar. Is that beyond the five year that you’re talking about or is that even within the five years that you’re kind of alluding to potentially seeing a more sustained current level of rate based growth rather than that normalization trend?
Gerry Norcia: What we are seeing, Julien, is growth rates and our operating earnings growth to utilities higher than our average that we’ve advertised, the 9% at the gas company and 7%, 8% at the electric company in the first couple of years of our five year plan, and that’s helping us deliver that smooth EPS growth rate that we’ve described. And then that returns more to the average in the out years of the plan as we’ve described.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So despite the long term nature of some of the IRP, on balance, we could see some of that really accrue into the back half of this five year plan, regardless…
Gerry Norcia: That’s possible. Too early to tell, but certainly possible.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And just again to come back to Jeremy’s quick [revision] there on the RNG side. Again, your 10%, you're sticking with it, right? So we should really be thinking about scaling at the sizing within that bucket, right?
Gerry Norcia: Right.
Operator: Your next question is from Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Insoo Kim: My first question on the financing side of things. When you think about the five year growth plan and beyond 2023, how should we think about potential equity needs in the back half of that plan and what's embedded in your guidance?
Gerry Norcia: Dave?
Dave Ruud: Right now, you've seen we've given the guidance through the three years, which only has really acquisitions as those converts that come in '22. As we look out of the five year plan, our goal is going to be to continue to minimize the equity issuance we made and that's how it fits within the plan that we're looking at right now.
Insoo Kim: So based on the base -- the current CapEx plan, you're looking at more moderate level of needs that’s kind of like what you're seeing on the 2023 front?
Dave Ruud: Right.
Insoo Kim: And then just going back to RNG a little bit, I appreciate the earnings mix that's going to have in the overall portfolio. When you talk about the strong returns that you're talking about, are you seeing increased competition now with a lot of other players focused on that? And as you look out at potential new projects, are you seeing those translating into a tougher returns on a comp basis?
Gerry Norcia: What we're seeing is with the level of investment that we have to make, which is a couple of RNG projects a year, a couple of dairy farms a year, is another way to think about it. Not really having trouble originating greenfield, where we've seen things get a little more frothy is when assets are up and right, people are paying a lot of money for these assets that are up and running, private equity and other types of investment vehicles. But on the origination front, greenfield, we're able to get the returns we want to get the projects that we want.
Operator: Your next question is from Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research.
Jonathan Arnold: Well, on the trading in the quarter, which you said was gas portfolio, was that really the sale of storage out of -- related to the winter storm event or was that favorability more in the first quarter, and this was just continued good performance? Just curious what's driving that?
Dave Ruud: This was just continued good performance of the trading group in the gas portfolio. But I can't say what gave us the confidence to raise the guidance was the favorability we had from that small physical storage position that gave us the gain during the first quarter during that cold weather in Texas. So our expectation going forward and future years is that we'll be more in line with our original guidance when we don't have those kind of unexpected onetime things.
Jonathan Arnold: And then just back to the growth rate and the comments about [smooth], Gerry, just to be clear, you're talking off of the original 2020 midpoint, right, which was, I think, [5.13]. I just want to be sure that -- is that the number of which you're intending to show [smooth] 5% to 7% growth, and we should think of sort of this Q '21 favorability, which kind of puts you above that range, but you're still using that as the base? I just want to be clear about that.
Gerry Norcia: You're correct, we're using the original 2021 guidance that we provided as the basis for our growth rate.
Jonathan Arnold: And is that '21 or 2020?
Gerry Norcia: 2020, but it would be similarly smooth for '21 because we target midpoint for each of the years in terms of original guidance as a starting point.
Jonathan Arnold: So we should just be calibrating off of original guidance in both cases and that…
Gerry Norcia: Correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore.
Durgesh Chopra: Maybe just update us on what's the most latest on the gas rate case front and then the timing of the electric rate case, is that still sort of late this year?
Gerry Norcia: So on the electric rate case, yes, it's still late this year, no earlier than October of this year that we will file. And on the gas case, we've engaged in conversations with interested parties to try and move the case towards some form of settlement. But we're feeling pretty good about that in terms of how that case is progressing and the final outcome.
Durgesh Chopra: And then just a real quick clarification. I know you sort of addressed the demand trends, pretty strong quarter, Q2 '21 versus Q2 '20. Obviously, a ton of concerns around this delta variant. Anything sort of that is striking or sort of material for us to sort of talk about anything that you're seeing in your territory, I mean, any cause of concern as it relates to delta variant?
Gerry Norcia: We are not, at this point. Certainly, the large manufacturing that are starting to take actions to make sure that the delta variant doesn't impact our operations, things like masking and social distancing, are starting to be reintroduced somewhat in preparation to a potential delta variant surge here in Michigan. But we're not seeing anything that puts any of our margin at risk at this point in time.
Operator: Your next question is from Andrew Weisel with ScotiaBank.
Andrew Weisel: A lot of my questions were answered, appreciating the conservatism, given that you're growing 12.5% this year and you grew 9% -- or you beaten it by 9% in 2020. But we'll stick with 5% to 7% for now. Just two clarifying ones on 2021 outlook. First of all, does the updated guidance reflect July weather?
Gerry Norcia: Dave?
Dave Ruud: We do take into account weather into account, but there hasn't been too much weather in July, yes.
Andrew Weisel: Then on cash flow I see you updated the outlook from cash from operations to reflect the Midstream spinoff. What about the underlying DTE business? It looks like cash has been stronger than expected since you're pointing to no equity needs this year. Of that $300 million reduction, can you talk about how much was midstream if there was any change to the base business?
Dave Ruud: In the guidance update that was all taken out the second half of midstream. And you're right, we have seen some strength too, and we're coming in a little bit above our plan in cash so far this year, mainly due to strength in operating cash flows from electric and from some of the other businesses, too.
Andrew Weisel: But that strength is not reflected in the updated guidance, right? So there might be some upside?
Dave Ruud: Yes, there might be some upside. The guidance was really just taking out the midstream part.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ryan Levine with Citi.
Ryan Levine: Can you update us on longer term O&M outlook and now that we're emerging from a COVID environment, if you're seeing any more structural changes to your cost profile?
Gerry Norcia: We constantly work to maintain our O&M as flat as possible. And I think you'll see from our history that we're one of the better performing utilities in terms of being able to keep our O&M costs relatively flat. I think over the last several years, we've been about 1% CAGR on O&M. We do have significant opportunities to continue to do that looking forward. And that certainly is built into our growth plans as well as our affordability go gets for our two utilities.
Ryan Levine: Are you seeing any inflationary pressure for labor or any other component of your cost structure?
Gerry Norcia: We've been looking at that pretty hard as we started to build our plans for '22 and beyond. And we've got long term contracts for some of our key commodities on the material side. So we're not seeing pressure there. And with our contractors, I don't do a good portion of our work, those are obviously negotiated prices. And again, not seeing anything that would give us great concern at this point in time.
Ryan Levine: And then on Energy Trading, you had highlighted the increase in guidance range that largely was reflecting the year-over-year increase for the second quarter. Is there embedded conservatism for the second half outlook in light of some of the volatility in the gas prices and higher prices, or is there any color you can share on on what's driving the relatively no change to the second half half.
Dave Ruud: Yes, there is conservatism in that. As you can see, we put our guidance from 25 to 35, and we're pretty much within that range or at the top end of that range already. So we do have some conservatism in that number. And we'll just have to watch how it plays out throughout the year.
Operator: Our next question is from James Thalacker with BMO Capital Markets.
James Thalacker: One real quick question. And I know it's early in the IRP is sort of the end of next year, but as you're approaching the acceleration potentially of more coal. How are you thinking about, I guess, the regulatory recovery mechanisms for accelerating that that coal retirement, are you thinking more regulatory asset model or securitization potentially?
Gerry Norcia: What we're looking at are various techniques that we have at our disposal, one is accelerated depreciation. We're also looking at ways to make the asset lives longer in terms of getting ready and using additional and there’s all kinds of fiscal options for that that we're considering. And we're also looking at some tax strategies that could help smooth affordability as well. So multiple ways that we're looking at making the financing of the retirement of coal earlier more affordable to our customers, and also making sure that our investors get their value out of these assets.
Operator: We have a follow-up from Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research.
Jonathan Arnold: Just one quick one. On the convert post the spin, I believe the numbers may change in terms of the shares that will convert into and what have you. Will that be disclosed in the Q or can you give us some guidance here as to what the implications of the spin with conversion?
Dave Ruud: Yes, there will be an adjustment to the settlement rates to ensure consistency of the economics. So it will change the convert price kind of in proportion with the equity price so that equity holders remain [whole], and Barb can send those mechanics to your -- you can contact Barb and get the actual mechanics of that, if you want, after the call.
Jonathan Arnold: But those are now set, David, it's really my question or are they still pending on trading levels?
Dave Ruud: I think with the trading levels, seeing where the stock price will be at the time of the converts still will affect that.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Hopefully, two easy ones. I guess the first one, Gerry, earlier in the call, you were highlighting how the transaction team worked. You got the spin of DTE Midstream seems very seamless. I mean you seem like your transaction team is in mid-season form right now. Any thought to keeping them in shape with other transactions?
Gerry Norcia: Well, right now, Anthony, we're really focused on our $17 billion growth agenda to utilities, which is the lion's share of our CapEx and of course, having modest growth for our nonutility business, P&I and RNG and cogen primarily. So that's really our play right now for the next five years.
Anthony Crowdell: And then just lastly, post spin, and I just don't know the process. Do you know if your ESG score is under like a valuation now that the company has removed the ESP business. And looking at your new, I guess, environmental footprint, DTE classic. I mean, how often does that review happen, or any insight you can give on the potential for a change in your ESG score?
Gerry Norcia: So I would venture to say that our ESG metrics will improve with the spin of DTM. But Barb, maybe I'll get Barb to provide some insights to you, Anthony, as to when that might happen, when might we get the next score.
Barbara Tuckfield: Yes, those happen annually, typically. And right now, we're sitting above average on quite a few of those metrics.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Gerry Norcia for closing remarks.
Gerry Norcia: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'll just close by saying that DTE had a very successful first half of the year, and we're feeling really good about the remainder of 2021 and also how well we're setting up for 2022. So I hope everyone has a great morning, and stay healthy and safe.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the DTE Energy First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Barbara Tuckfield. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Barbara Tuckfield: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind you to read the Safe Harbor statement on page two of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the Appendix. With us this morning are Jerry Norcia, President and CEO; David Slater, President and CEO-Elect of DTM; and Dave Ruud, Senior Vice President and CFO. And now, I will turn it over to Jerry to start the call this morning.
Jerry Norcia: Thanks, Barb, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. I hope everyone is staying healthy and safe. This morning, I will start off by discussing DTE’s strong start to 2021. And David Slater will give some details on our Midstream business and provide an update on the spin transaction. Dave Ruud will provide a financial review of the quarter and wrap things up before we take your questions. So let’s start on slide four. As we have discussed before, our priorities of DTE are to support our employees, customers and community, which then enables us to provide the strong consistent growth the investors have come to expect. Our focus this quarter was no different, as we have delivered for all of our stakeholders. Our team at DTE has continued to perform at a very high level. We are recently recognized by Gallup as a great workplace. This is the ninth consecutive year we have received this award. We are off to an extremely safe start in 2021 coming out for our safest year ever in 2020. As I have said, safety is our top priority at DTE and getting people home safely to their families every day helps drive our success and employee engagement. We are building on our diversity, equity and inclusion focus with employees fully dedicated to helping the company on its journey. DTE is committed to accelerating our progression towards a workplace where everyone feels valued, welcome and able to contribute their best energy. We do understand that our people thrive and succeed when they feel included, safe and welcome. On the customer front, we continue to deliver safe and reliable energy. Just recently DTE Electric received approval on its deferral request that delays next rate case filing until October 2021. This provides price stability for our customers, keeping base rates steady through 2021 and into 2022. As you recall, we previously received approval to the delay our general rate case until May and this order extends the delay at least five additional months. This is another step toward stabilizing our customer affordability. Additionally, DTE is ranked as one of the top 10 utilities in the nation for energy efficiency and customer savings, and J.D. Power has ranked both our electric and gas utility, the top quartile for residential customer satisfaction. These initiatives and recognition show our continued commitment to service excellence. Supporting the communities where live and serve remains critically important to us. DTE helps thousands of all of our customers lower their energy bills in 2020, while significantly reducing natural gas and electricity usage through energy efficiency initiatives. Our Energy Efficiency Assistance Program was recognized for keeping energy affordable for our most in-need customers. We recently contributed to Habitat for Humanity and supported their effort to weather-proof low income homes. DTE also led a fundraising effort to help small business in Detroit grow past the pandemic. We are also offering personal protective equipment, technical systems and opening resources to assist small businesses across the city. With engaged employees, customers are satisfied with their service and communities that are resilient, we deliver value for our investors. We delivered a strong first quarter with earnings of $2.44 per share and solid performances across all our business lines. We are on track to deliver 7% operating EPS growth from our 2020 original guidance midpoint. The Midstream spin is on track for midyear completion. The spin positions DTE Energy as a predominantly pure-play best-in-class utility, with significant capital investments of $19 billion over the next five years, 90% of that will go into our utilities. And we continue to target our 5% to 7% operating EPS growth, with 2020 original guidance as the base for that growth. The spin also establishes DTM as an independent natural gas midstream company with assets in premium basins and accretive growth opportunities. On the next slide I will discuss some of our major accomplishments from the first quarter. DTE is continuing to focus on our environmental initiatives. DTE Electrics recently placed three wind parks in service, Izabella I and II, which had a largest wind parks in Michigan. Have a total of 136 turbines with 383 megawatts of capacity. We also placed Detroit-based wind park in service with a capacity of 72 megawatts. DTE now has nearly 1,800 megawatts of capacity from renewable energy sources, enough to power 670,000 Michigan homes. This is a significant step toward our goal of reducing carbon emissions by 50% by 2030. The electric company recently filed a settlement agreement for voluntary renewables. The settlement includes 800 megawatts of renewable power additions with 420 megawatts of that being slated for 2022 and the remaining 380 megawatts coming online in 2023 through 2025. These sources will support the voluntary renewable program MIGreenPower, which continues to exceed our high expectations. We recently announced the commitment of a few new companies to the MIGreenPower program, including the State of Michigan, Bedrock and Trinity Health. We have reached 900 megawatts of voluntary renewable commitments with large business customers and approximately 30,000 residential customers. The program is the largest of its kind in the nation that helps advance our work towards the net zero carbon emissions goal. The electric company also received approval from the Michigan Public Service Commission for Phase 2 of its Charging Forward initiative to strengthen electric vehicle infrastructure in the State of Michigan. This includes customer education and outreach, fleet advisory services and charging infrastructure components that further support electrification transition of fleet vehicles. At the end of March, the electric company completed its most recent offering of green bonds. The $1 billion bond offering will help fund the development and construction of solar and wind farms, including transmission infrastructure to support renewable energy facilities. The funding will also strengthen energy efficiency programs that help Michigan residents and businesses to save energy and reduce their bills. DTE Electric has issued three green bonds over the past four years for a total of $2 billion. These bonds help support our progress towards a cleaner, more sustainable energy future. DTE Gas has announced CleanVision Natural Gas Balance. The nation’s first program to include both carbon offsets and renewable natural gas for customers to reduce their carbon footprint. This program offers four levels of participation for customers ranging from $4 a month to offset 25% of an average home’s gas use emissions to $16 a month to offset 100% of our carbon footprint. The carbon reduction goals are achieved with Michigan forest preservation and renewable natural gas. By helping to preserve Michigan’s forest through this program, DTE customers not only support the removal of greenhouse gases, but also preserve one of Michigan’s greatest natural assets. Recently, DTE Gas executed a seven-year agreement to secure forestry carbon offsets to be used for this program. As per RNG, landfill emissions and wastewater treatment plant byproducts are transformed to the fuel that heats homes and powers businesses and cars. We are excited that while customers will be part of our ambitious vision to create a cleaner energy future. The program is off to a strong start with over 2,400 customers signed up to reduce their carbon footprint. Our Midstream Company also announced its own 2050 net zero carbon emissions goal just earlier this year. Climate change is one of defining public policy issues of our time and I am proud that this business is driving our electric and gas utilities, and the effort to deliver cleaner energy. Now moving on to slide six, I will discuss DTE’s solid start to 2021. Our first quarter financial results were strong, giving us even greater confidence in our 2021 financial plan, which could create the best opportunities later in the year. DTE earned $2.44 per share this quarter, up $0.78 from last year. And so if one quarter behind us, I am confident that DTE is well-positioned to deliver on a financial plan this year, setting up well for success into 2022 and beyond. Longer term, we will continue to target a 5% to 7% operating EPS growth rate with 2020 original guidance as the base. We continue to focus on our balance sheet with strong cash flows and solid credit metrics. The spin-off of the Midstream business is on track for midyear execution. Our team is working diligently to make that happen and I thank them for their efforts. As you know, the spin positions DTE as a predominantly pure-play utility with 90% of DTE’s total operating earnings coming from our two regulated businesses. The spin also establishes DTM as an independent low finance gas midstream C-Corp as accretive organic growth opportunities. Just as DTE is well-positioned to deliver for investors, this new independent Midstream Company will also be positioned for success with a strong asset base and through the most prolific dry gas basins in the country. The spin is progressing very well with the Form 10 filing and it’s in the review process with the SEC and an investor roadshow plan for the second quarter. Now I will turn over to David Slater for updates on the Midstream business and the spin transaction progress.
David Slater: Thanks, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. I will start on slide seven. Our Midstream business has had a solid first quarter, executing well across all platforms and assets. We are on track to achieve our financial targets in 2021, which include an EBITDA range of $710 million to $750 million. DTM is also committed to a world-class ESG agenda. Earlier this year we announced a net zero emissions target by 2050, making us one of the first companies in Midstream sector to announce such a goal. We intend to use every tool available to reach our sustainability targets and we believe this will evolve to become a significant business opportunity over time for DTM. Additionally, DTM is establishing a Board of Directors committed to ensuring the company operates in an environmentally and socially responsible manner. As Jerry mentioned, we are on track for midyear spin execution. Our Midstream business has been transformed over the last decade and the solid, steady and strategic transformation has positioned this segment to become the industry leader it is today. The creation of an independent Midstream C-Corp will provide the opportunity to further advance the company and create value. Now let’s turn to slide eight. The spin is on track for midyear execution. We initiated the Form 10 process with the SEC back in February. Since then we have been diligently working through the comment period and this has been going smoothly as expected. In March we held discussions with the rating agencies which went very well. We will be receiving a credit rating at the time of debt raise. The Form 10 will be public in the second quarter. We plan to hold an investor roadshow later in the second quarter as well. DTM shares are expected to start trading on a when-issued basis one week or two weeks before DTM shares begin regular way trading on the New York Stock Exchange upon closing. Finally the spin transaction will be executed midyear. As Jerry mentioned, successfully executing the spin has been made possible by the commitment and dedication of all of our employees. Thank you to our team for bringing their best energy to work each day and keeping everything on track. Now, I will turn it over to Dave Ruud to discuss DTE’s financial performance.
Dave Ruud: Thanks, David. Good morning, everyone. Let me start on slide nine to review our first quarter financial results. Total operating earnings for the quarter were $473 million. This translates into $2.44 per share. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment including our reconciliation to the GAAP reported earnings in the Appendix. I will start the review at the top of the page with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $208 million for the quarter. This was $114 million higher than the first quarter of 2020, primarily due to new rate implementation and colder weather in 2021. DTE Electric also experienced non-qualified benefit plan losses in the first quarter of 2020. We have since taken measures to reduce market variability in these plans so we have no longer see this variability after the second quarter of 2020. If you remember in the second quarter of 2020, the benefit plan losses reversed and were positive in that quarter. Moving on to DTE Gas, operating earnings were $169 million, $48 million higher than first quarter last year. The earnings increase was driven primarily by new rate implementation and colder weather in 2021. Let’s keep moving down the page to our Gas Storage and Pipelines business on the third row. Operating earnings for GSP were $86 million. This was $14 million higher than first quarter of 2020, driven primarily by the LEAP pipeline going in the service in the second half of 2020. On the next row you can see our Power and Industrial business segment operating earnings were $28 million. This is a $2 million decrease from first quarter of last year due to steel-related earnings offset by new RNG projects. On the next row you can see our operating earnings at our Energy Trading business were $14 million, which is consistent with first quarter earnings last year. This quarter strong performance in the Gas portfolio was offset by performance in the Power portfolio, both which occurred during the period of extremely cold weather in Texas in the first quarter. Together this positioned us a slightly positive to our expectation for the quarter. Finally, Corporate and Other was unfavorable $21 million quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to the timing of taxes and net change in interest. Overall, DTE earned $2.44 per share in the first quarter of 2021, which is $0.78 per share higher than 2020. I’d like to note that much of this favorability versus 2020 was anticipated in our plan. However, some of the favorability is due to DTE Electric, GSP and Energy Trading performing better than planned. This is positioning us well for 2021 we should have the opportunity to further invest in O&M initiatives that can improve reliability for our customers, which will also further strengthen our financial plans for 2022 in future years. Now moving on to slide 10, I will wrap up the call and then we can open up for Q&A. In summary we feel great about our first quarter results. We are on track to continue to deliver on our long-term 5% to 7% operating EPS growth rate from our 2020 original guidance mid-point. The spin of our Midstream business is progressing as planned and we are on track for completion midyear. This separation positions DTE as a predominantly pure-play utility and established DTM as an independent gas focused Midstream Company with accretive growth opportunities. We believe this transaction unlocks significant value for investors of both companies. Our utilities continue to focus on necessary customer-focused infrastructure investments, specifically investments in clean generation and investments to improve reliability and the customer experience. The team deployed many innovative strategies to provide regulatory certainty during what continues to be a challenging time for many of our customers. This will enable DTE to maintain steady base rates through 2021. We continue to focus on maintaining solid balance sheet metrics, DTE is targeting minimal equity issuances in 2021 and we continue to have minimal equity needs in our plan besides the convertible equity units in 2022. And we have maintained our solid dividend growth with a 7% dividend increase in 2021. In closing, as we approach the spin of our Midstream business, DTE is well-positioned to deliver the premium total shareholder returns that our investors have come to expect over the past decade. With that, I thank you for joining us today and we can open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: Hi. Good morning, guys. Sorry about that, I was on mute.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Weinstein: Hey. With the delay in the electric rate case, how would you say that affects what you are going to file for? I mean is it going to result in a larger rate filing than would normally be the case or is it basically the same case just delayed six months?
Jerry Norcia: I would say it’s generally the same case, Michael, delayed six months. It will be a forward test to your result as well. We will be filing for…
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Yeah. And I am wondering if you could provide a little bit more information on the RNG business. RNG has been coming up a lot lately and talks about how gas utilities might be able to reduce their carbon emissions exposure on a net basis. Is -- do you see this -- do you see RNG business ramping up significantly outside of the states you are already operating in as you expand that nationally as sites are developed?
Jerry Norcia: Sure. So maybe I will just start by commenting on our own utility…
Michael Weinstein: Yeah.
Jerry Norcia: … where we have -- we are essentially offering a voluntary offset program that will be driven both by forestry products and RNG. And we may be one of the first in the country to offer that type of package to our customers and it’s a very interesting offering where for $4 a month, we can offset about 25% of your carbon footprint as a gas customer. So it’s a unique way of packaging carbon offsets through RNG, as well as forestry products to deliver a lower carbon footprint for our customers. I do see that expanding across the country, Michael. Right now most of our efforts in RNG of DTE Energy and our P&I business are focused on very gas going into the California markets, which gives us very nice returns both from renewable fuel standard, as well as the low carbon fuel standard in California. We get, as we have mentioned in prior calls, returns where we see our simple cash payback happen in three years to four years with pretty modest investments, lots of projects in the pipeline as well going forward.
Michael Weinstein: Yeah. Is this -- has this come up at all in any of the Democrats infrastructure spending plans to ramp up RNG production or maybe even expand the fuel credit to natural gas, as well as biodiesel?
Jerry Norcia: I have not seen those details yet, Michael. But we are looking for them. Most of the credits seem to be targeted at wind and solar at this point, as far as I can see, another clean sources of energy.
Michael Weinstein: Got you. And just one last question on guidance, guidance is unchanged even after a really nice quarter. And I am just curious if -- is that just part of the -- it’s just early in the year at this point is you are also looking at the possible lean or lean in initiatives later in the year to keep guidance…
Jerry Norcia: What we are looking -- yeah. What we are looking at is, using favorability to really build strength for 2022. That’s our first goal. As well as investing customer centric projects in 2021 in order to make that happen. And as we get more visibility into the balance of the year then we will continue to provide you updates at our next quarterly call.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Great. Anyway good quarter. Thanks a lot. Good.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank.
Andrew Weisel: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: My first question is on Midstream actually, are you able to isolate any financial impact from the extreme weather in mid-February in Texas in the surrounding areas, I don’t know if that impacting your Haynesville system or more broadly any operational surprises or any counterparty risks or issues?
Jerry Norcia: David Slater do you want to take that?
David Slater: Sure, Andrew. We really didn’t see a significant impact to us from an economic perspective. We did see our operational challenges probably three days or four days into that cold snap. It was primarily upstream of our facilities where we were just seeing the producer struggling to maintain their production at the wellhead. But as soon as the weather broke those volumes came back rather quickly. So from an impact to the Midstream business it was pretty modest.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. Then financially, you were pretty clear that you will have the IPO style roadshow for DTM in the coming months. When can we expect an updated financial outlook for 2021 and beyond for the remaining utility focused DTE? Will we seek guidance before the DTM shares start trading or would it come more like with second quarter earnings in late July?
Jerry Norcia: Dave Ruud do you want to take that?
Dave Ruud: Yeah. Consistent with the timing of when we are going to go out with the DTM roadshow we want to be talking about DTE guidance at that point as well. So, we -- as we come forward into a post-June, we will be coming forward with our DTE guidance post-Midstream for 2021…
Andrew Weisel: Okay.
Dave Ruud: … for the remainder of 2021.
Andrew Weisel: Terrific. So before the DTE shares start trading, post-spin will have a better sense of what the standalone outlook looks like?
Dave Ruud: Yes.
Andrew Weisel: Great. Then one last one if I may on the voluntary renewables program, seems like you are seeing really strong demand with the additional megawatts for middle of the decade. Are you thinking at all about a potential cap or ceiling from this business, and if so, what would be the limiting factor, I don’t imagine it would be demand? Are there any physical constraints around land access or regulatory constraints of any sort or could this just continue the pace of growth through the end of the decade?
Jerry Norcia: I don’t see any limitation other than demand. So we are -- as -- if you followed our last settlement filing, where we operate 800 megawatts of incremental renewables, that makes us about 400 megawatts long. But I can tell you that we eat up those long positions pretty quickly. The demand is extremely strong right now for our voluntary renewables program. So I don’t see any limitations other than the customer demand.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great to hear. Thank you for all the details.
Operator: Your next question is from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey. Good morning, team. Solid quarter. Thank you for taking my question.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra: And just on -- and good morning. And just on the quarter, just big picture, Jerry, and maybe the rest of the team, I want to get your thoughts, so I believe just yesterday, I mean, I think, there’s some news floating around that the Biden administration is now pushing for essentially doubling the clean generation going from like currently 40% or 80% over the next decade. Obviously, this is less aggressive than certainly zero -- net zero goal by 2035. Just your thoughts on how is DTE positioned. How is the sector position, is this even achievable?
Jerry Norcia: Well, I would say, just to remind everyone of our goals that DTE where we want to be net zero by 2050, 80% carbon reduction by 2040, 50% by 2030 and we are already at 30% heading into ort of 2023 timeframe. So I would say we are well advanced. I would expect that the DTE plan will accelerate over time. We are deep into conversations with the -- as an industry with the Biden administration and I think there will be some consensus we hope as to how do we all accelerate our plans, which we view as beneficial to DTE’s plan and certainly it will be beneficial to others as well. So, yet to be determined. The plans that were described during the election process are very aggressive. But we also saw -- I think we see a meeting in the mines here, perhaps, to compromise over time.
Durgesh Chopra: Excellent. Thank you for that.
Jerry Norcia: Overall, but -- yeah. But, overall, I would say, certainly, a tailwind for DTE’s plans.
Durgesh Chopra: Just maybe -- just a quick follow-up, I mean, how high up a priority this is for the Biden administration? And just your sense talking to key leaders as to when could we actually see something tangible on this front? Just open ended, just thinking about timing and what to look for over the next couple months?
Jerry Norcia: Yeah. Based on the level of engagement with our industry association, I would say, it’s very high on their priority list to move forward a plan that affects climate change. So we are feeling positive that there’s a possibility to get something done. The elements that are being discussed seem quite positive as well. We are just going to need to see how this all plays out in the next several months. I think we will now probably heading into the summer and fall, while there is something to do here. But it feels positive at this point.
Durgesh Chopra: Perfect. Appreciate the time guys. Thank you.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research Partners.
Jonathan Arnold: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Jonathan Arnold: A quick, could you -- would you mind breaking down just kind of quarterly upside at DTE Electric and Gas just a little more? I mean, how much were the rate cases? And then maybe the benefit plan item, could you remind us what that was and I was curious if -- are you continuing to see mix benefit and COVID-related sales factors and yeah, to what extent was that driving the upside?
Jerry Norcia: Dave Ruud?
Dave Ruud: Sure. Hi, Jonathan. As we look at the quarter, the majority of the upside we saw from the new rates coming in. We did see some weather differential versus last year. Was it -- it was still a little negative but it was better than last year. And also the DTE Electric that’s where we had those benefit plans that we -- you mentioned and that was about a $20 million to $25 million difference. So we had a loss last quarter. Of course, that’s going to be a gain in the second quarter of 2020 and then we have since taken all the actions to make sure we don’t see that market credibility again. As far as Gas, again in the first quarter of 2020 we had really negative weather. That’s what we were trying to come back from throughout the year. So -- and we had better weather this year and then the rest of the upside that we would see would be from the new rates coming into effect.
Jonathan Arnold: So can you quantify how much the rate case helped the quarter on the Electric side?
Dave Ruud: I think we can get back to you on that one to make sure that you have the right number.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And then any comments on the sort of the mix question?
Dave Ruud: Yeah. On the load at Electric overall quarter-over-quarter sales were down about 2%. So we are -- our residential is -- was up versus Q1. It was up about 3%, commercial down 2% and industrial down 7%. But as we discussed before we were seeing some upside from COVID-related sales of residential and we are still seeing that right now. So our residential load in the first quarter versus what we would have thought it would have been pre-COVID was up about 5% to 7% still. Then our commercial and industrial were basically back to where we would have expected pre-COVID may be between 95% and 100% of the way back. So our residential usage continues to come in marginally better than expected with more people continue to work-from-home and we are seeing that trend continue a little longer than we thought until people go back to work.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then just maybe on the -- I was looking at the CapEx disclosure in the slides. That seems to be a little bit of a slow start relative to annual guidance even adjusting for the normal seasonality. Just anything you can offer there in terms of what you are thinking about the full year plan and just how we are -- when we ramp up to it?
Dave Ruud: Yeah. I think the main thing that was a little slower there was one of wind parks was scheduled to come on in the first quarter and that will be coming on now in the second quarter and that’s -- we will be catching up with the capital there.
Jonathan Arnold: I think you always saving about $100-odd-million down on base electric there, so I am curious, is there anything driving that?
Dave Ruud: If timing of -- just timing of projects and when they come in for the others. No. When we look at our annual plan for capital, we are still right on target, but the timing for a few of our projects is a little slower in the first quarter, but ramping up now.
Jonathan Arnold: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Yeah. Hi. Good morning. I have got a…
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Hey, Jerry. Just you mentioned that, I think GSMP is tracking ahead of plan. Could you maybe say what’s driving that?
Jerry Norcia: Sure. David, do you want to take that?
David Slater: Sure. I can. Steve, I think, the big driver quarter-over-quarter is leaping and service this first quarter. Then I’d say generally across the platforms, just running modestly ahead of plan across all the platforms, there isn’t any one item that I would call out. It’s just a little modest blush across all the assets.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then also for GSMP, which I guess will be obviously DTE Midstream. The -- when you look beyond 2021 as kind of growth, could you maybe give a little color of what drives growth beyond 2021 there?
David Slater: Yeah. Steve, it’s really no different than I think what we have shared in the past. I mean we are looking at what I will call out, our Appalachian footprints and then our Haynesville footprint. We are sitting in really good locations in both of those basins. We are sitting in and around some of the best resource in the country. And with pipeline connections to really the best markets in the country and we are just seeing incremental activity around all those assets right now. And as you know, some of the assets have some mud lay on that [ph] give us opportunity to do incremental business. So I would expect and continue to expect to see that organic accretive growth as we fill in around those assets.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And just for the Form 10, just so we know, is that primarily going to be just historical information actuals for DTE Midstream? Are there any projections in there?
David Slater: Steve, what you will see in there is, you are going to see the past three years audited standalone financials and you will also see the first quarter of this year kind of standalone financials, and you will also see a pro forma for the full year as a kind of a standalone. So that’s what we will be in the package when it becomes public, which you will have an opportunity to look at.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Great. I have one last quick question, just the RNG business, do you have a handy what that business expects within your guide for 2021 in terms of earnings or whatever other measure?
Jerry Norcia: We -- Steve, we haven’t broken it out between our cogen and our RNG business from a new development perspective. But if you recall, we have been landing this $15 million or more each year of new income generation at P&I. And I’d say the way to think about that is about half of it has been RNG and the other half has been cogen. That’s how we have been progressing over the last three years or four years.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Constantine Lednev: Good morning, team. It’s actually Constantine here calling in for Shar and congratulations…
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Con.
Constantine Lednev: …for the quarter. Good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you.
Constantine Lednev: A quick follow-up on the GSP and kind of appreciate the kind of the color that was provided. And just thinking about the spin of the business and kind of unlocking the value of potentially growing the platform kind of both organically. If you can just update on kind of growth opportunities, you are kind of looking at a 10% CAGR through 2024 kind of before the announcement? And just curious to know how that view has evolved and kind of in light of the improving commodity conditions, some of the re-contracting like on NEXUS and potentially some updated strategy on GSP for post-spin?
Jerry Norcia: David.
David Slater: Yeah. Sure. I can take that. So as we have talked in the past in terms of what I will call our capital investment agenda is for this segment. We will be not seeing that changing at all and like as we approach the spin, we will be able to provide a little more granularity and visibility on the, what I call the DTM standalone kind of view going forward. But if I just look at this year as a -- just as a proxy, we are going to deliver strong growth this year year-over-year and actually compare us to what I will call the Midstream sector. We got sector leading growth rate this year year-over-year. So the portfolio is strong and healthy. And I look forward to talking to you in more detail about the DTM specific forward view shortly as soon as we can.
Constantine Lednev: Excellent. And I kind of have a follow-up on, maybe a two-part on kind of the post-spin unregulated exposure. Just given the scale of the commodity impact of businesses that’s shrinking within the RemainCo? Does that kind of mean the need for DTE Energy Trading kind of remains or just some of that business activity move away post-spin?
Jerry Norcia: So, just as a remainder, 90% of our earnings going forward will be utility based with about 10% being non-utility. And any growth that comes from our non-utility sector will come from our two business lines, cogeneration and RNG. We don’t expect any growth from our Trading company. It’s a quite a small operation, generates anywhere from $30 million to $40 million of cash flow for us, but also provides us great market insights and to some of the non-utility businesses that we are in, cogen, as well as RNG where they help us manage some of our market positions there, as well as manage risk in and around some of our utility portfolios. So it’s a small business. We don’t expect it to grow and we will continue to run it that way.
Constantine Lednev: And a short follow-up on the RNGP I think [ph] kind of the P&I segment just with the local and kind of federal decarbonization efforts ramping up. Are you strictly looking at kind of RNG opportunities or potentially expand the offering maybe hydrogen value chain, carbon capture, et cetera?
Jerry Norcia: At -- we are primarily focused on RNG at this point in time. That’s where the investment opportunities are, and I would say, really nice returns as well from that business line. As we start to understand more, we are starting to understand a lot more about carbon capture. We will look at that as an opportunity. But that seems to be somewhat into the future at this point in time. Hydrogen again is very early, but certainly, promising. So more to come and we will see how our utilities, and perhaps, our non-utility business can play into both of those opportunities.
Constantine Lednev: Excellent. Thank you for your time and I will jump back in queue. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Sophie Karp with KeyBanc.
Sophie Karp: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Sophie Karp: A lot has been discussed already, but I just wanted to double check with the guys about the qualified plans in the Electric business. So, when you say that you took measures to reduce volatility in that segment going forward, can you clarify what that means? Is that -- does it mean that you diversified the assets in those plans differently or is it an accounting measure, like, how should we think about that?
Jerry Norcia: Dave Ruud?
Dave Ruud: Sure. Yeah. The main thing we did there is, we matched up our assets and our liabilities. So, any movement on one side will be matched on the other, and so that will take away any of the market variability that we were seeing there in the past and we limited the size of the plan a little bit too. So we are confident that we are not going to see these market movements past the second quarter of 2020, where you will see that the losses that were in the first quarter of 2020 come back in the second quarter.
Sophie Karp: Right. Very helpful. Thank you. And then my other question was on the GSP business, I am sorry, P&I business. It looks like it might have a little bit of catching up to do to -- for the full year guidance in the last three quarters of the year compared to what we would think as a ratable distribution of your guidance throughout the year. Is that something that you envisioned or is it something that’s close to electric projects there? How should we think about that one?
Jerry Norcia: Maybe I will start and then I will let Dave give a little more details. But we fully expect P&I to hit its targets this year. I can tell you we are not concerned about that at all. So, feeling real good about the targets and the progress for the balance of the year. Dave, do you want to shed little more light on this?
David Slater: Yeah. You are right. In the next few quarters what we see is some of the RNG projects and the benefit of some of those new RNG projects come in a little bit better for us. And so we are confident in that coming back and meeting the full year guidance.
Sophie Karp: Terrific. Thank you. That’s all I had.
Operator: Your next question is from Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Insoo Kim: Thank you. Two couple of questions. One, on the -- when we think about the RemainCo going over and the growth in both the utility businesses, as well as the P&I with RNG. On the balance sheet, we still expect a 90%-plus of the business over the next five years to be at the utility level?
Jerry Norcia: Yes. We do. Absolutely.
Insoo Kim: Understood. And then just this might be a little bit early, but obviously part of the payment to the infrastructure fund that Biden proposed is the potential increase in tax rates. We have gone through this cycle as an industry of the past -- a few years ago and just assuming the plan that’s in place goes into effect. Just any initial thoughts on your end especially in terms of cash or rate base and rate base growth?
Jerry Norcia: Well, I will start. Certainly, we don’t expect our growth trajectory to be impacted by the new plan. We will put some pressure on rates and affordability at the utilities that we will have to manage. But we think all of that at this point in time will be manageable. Dave Ruud, do you want to add to that at all?
Dave Ruud: Yeah. Jerry, I think that’s the right high level. When we saw the tax rate reduction in 2017, we could -- that was a 14% reduction. Now it’s looking like, what Biden saying is about a 7% increase and that could come off as about 1.5% increase we would see in rates. Also, it would improve our cash position a little bit because cash taxes would lag the book taxes. So it would improve our FFO to debt by 0.5% to a 4%. But as Jerry said, right, the key we would have to do there is continue to work on cost structure to offset the increase in rates, so it wouldn’t impact our capital plans as we continue to improve on our customer liability and clean energy transition.
Insoo Kim: Got it. And my apologies if you have already got into this or -- and I am just picking it, but from O&M perspective over a multiyear period, is there a general guidance that we should be using or potential opportunity for more?
Jerry Norcia: Dave?
Dave Ruud: All right. Yeah. We are continuing to manage our O&M and trying to keep it well below inflation and it’s one of our plans going forward. We haven’t given long-term O&M guidance on that. But it’s definitely an area where we are going to make sure that we can continue to have opportunities for increased capital and infrastructure that’s needed for our customers.
Jerry Norcia: I think you will also see that, if you look at our O&M performance over the last decade, we have been quite distinctive in the industry with our continuous improvement plans where we have had a very low to no O&M increases on an absolute basis.
Insoo Kim: Understood. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question is from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey. Good morning, Jerry. Good morning, Dave.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning. Good morning, Anthony.
Dave Ruud: Hey, Anthony.
Anthony Crowdell: Hi. Jerry, great move on swapping out the multiple Jerry’s on a call with multiple dates. Just, I guess -- just two quick questions. One is I think you talked about 1,800 megawatts of renewables. I believe that’s mostly, if not all in the regulated utility. Is there any thought to growing renewables or what’s the thought process for renewables either in the regulated utility or the P&I business?
Jerry Norcia: Well, certainly, we have got a significant effort to continue to increase our renewables position in our regulated businesses. I think, as I mentioned, we have got 900 megawatts of voluntary renewables lined up and we expect over the next five years to invest about $2 billion in regulated renewables inside our electric utility. As far as the non-utility business, our niche play has really become RNG where we see that as a very lucrative -- a lucrative renewable resource and we were a first mover in that space and continue to originate really nice projects with unlevered IRRs after-tax in the teams. And as I mentioned, simple cash paybacks of three years to four years, and we see nothing but demand growth for that product. So we are pretty excited about our position there and how it continues to grow.
Anthony Crowdell: Okay. And then last and it’s kind of touches on your response, I guess. How do you balance the returns in the renewable project with how it would impact the company’s net zero targets or such as, hey, this really contributes to the net zero target, but the returns are lower. Is there a threshold or what’s the balancing act of, hey, it’s a really, really green project, but maybe less of an economic benefit or how do you handle that?
Jerry Norcia: Well, right now, all of our regulated renewable investments inside our electric utility attract the regulated rate of return, 9.9% and a 50/50 debt equity structure. So it’s a -- these are very accretive projects for us and we continue to see lots of opportunity to finance these renewable projects in that manner. What we are trying to manage through the voluntary program is our customers pay a slight premium in order to make sure that there’s no impact on customer rates. So, sort of a win-win for both our customers and our investors.
Anthony Crowdell: What about in the unregulated business then?
Jerry Norcia: In the unregulated business, we are seeing nice returns, and as long as we continue to see those returns, we will deploy the capital. As I mentioned, the unleveraged returns after-tax are around -- are in the teens and our simple cash paybacks are three years to four years. So as long as we get that steady stream of projects with those types of parameters we will continue to invest in. And the investments are can be -- are modest. Yeah, there’s small projects, like I mentioned we are generating anywhere from $7 million to $8 million a year of new net income from our RNG and that’s building a nice level business line for us.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my questions and great job on the quarter.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you, Anthony.
Operator: Your next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. Good morning, teams. Hi. Thanks for the time.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: If I can play -- hey, if I can do a little cleanup here. I just want to go back to this RNG conversation. It has come up a few times. But I want to press a little bit on targets here as you think about the forward guidance that you guys have. What kind of assumptions have you reflected there just to reset against your $24 million baked into RNG. I heard the $15 million per year comment earlier. But I want to come back to just understand what’s reflected against your earlier comments about looking at other states and other perhaps opportunities there are in?
Jerry Norcia: We have -- I think at our last IR meeting we provided guidance for P&I business overall. And Dave Ruud, if you -- if I recall correctly, we are in the $130 million to $135 million in terms of income targets for that business in the 2024 timeframe.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yeah.
Dave Ruud: That’s right. And it’s continued to our historical development of $15 million of new net income a year. A lot of that within RNG, but also continuing to look at cogen and other opportunities within the kind of ESG space to grow that business.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Then let me then -- perhaps let me phrase that slightly differently. When you think about the emerging opportunities outside of California should we say, how do you think about that reconciling against that, is this something that you want to keep small all your comments earlier about keeping energy trading small for instance? Do you want to keep RNG small within those parameters or is this something that you are willing to organically grow into whatever opportunity may exist behind it?
Jerry Norcia: Well, I will start this way, Julien we are trying to keep our mix at 90%-10%, so we will pursue as we watch both our utilities and our non-utilities grow. We will continue to pursue RNG and do great projects and as basis we have been. Could it have become sort of more dominant and in a P&I play perhaps but I think it’s something that we will have to watch. Right now we are seeing like I mentioned a pretty even split between cogen and RNG, and that feels good to us. The cogen projects come with 15-year and 20-year agreements, which feels more like utility -- utility like type investments and capital deployment with higher returns in our utilities. And then RNG comes with really hot returns, right, and sort of shorter timeframe commitments in terms of price mixing.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. But maybe the point is that if you strip out the GSP side of the business, you still have latitude within that 90%-10% mix even in the forward years?
Jerry Norcia: I think the 90%-10% that we put out there took into account the spin of DTM or Midstream. So as we deploy capital, the mix that we are looking at, Julien, is about $17 billion going into our utilities and about $2 billion going into P&I. So that kind of gives you a feel how we are planning -- that’s our base plan and how we plan to allocate capital right now.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. Okay. All right. Excellent. I will leave it there. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Angie Storozynski with Seaport Global.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So I realize that you guys are busy with the Midstream and all, but I was just -- and then seemingly you have plenty of growth opportunities at your own utilities. But just looking beyond the spin-off, it looks to me that your credit metrics will look very strong, given the improvement in the credit profile, the risk profile of the business that about 16% FFO to that. So, typically that strong credit metrics would support some M&A transactions under regulated utility side and I was just wondering what’s your take on this?
Jerry Norcia: Angie, good morning. We -- our base plan is really to grow our company organically. We see that being the most accretive way to create value for our shareholders. And we have got a $17 billion plan in front of us, which we are always looking for opportunities to accelerate. And one of the reasons we are primarily focused on the organic growth around our platform, current platforms is that, you get in a book value and your shareholders get a multiple of that book value from a value perspective. So it’s the most accretive thing we can do. Having said all that, if there’s assets that could become available to us and create value for our investors, we are always open to that. But it’s certainly, Angie, not our primary focus at the point in time.
Angie Storozynski: But do you have any preference as to electric versus gas? How about electric transmission assets, I mean, any comments to that effect?
Jerry Norcia: Sure. I -- our views probably has been changed in the last couple of years and we are really focused on electric investments. I think if you look at our capital plan it’s very heavy electric both in the renewable space, as well as in wires and block renewables and wires are primarily electric investment focus right now. So if we were to do more -- we had the opportunity to deploy more capital and we were deployed in those two spaces wires and renewables -- regulated renewables.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And just as a follow-up, given that the voluntary renewables program seems to be ahead of your expectations, is that increasing your expectations about the earnings growth at DTE Electric versus what you had stated before or is it just that it offsets some of the other rate based growth that you would -- you have compensated?
Jerry Norcia: Yeah. Certainly, what we are seeing and we updated at last fall is that, we put our renewables growth at $2 billion over the next five years of capital deployment. I -- as we move forward, we will continue to update that number, Angie. But I will tell you I have been pleasantly surprised with this program. As soon as we have supply available it just flies off the shelf with our large industrials and commercial customers have a very strong appetite for this. And even our residential customers were signing up thousands of customers every month and we are sitting at about 30,000 customers right now on a residential level. So it seems to be a very appealing product. So more to come on that, but I do expect these investments to continue to grow. But right now we have got $2 billion in the plan as we see it.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Ryan Levine with Citi.
Ryan Levine: Good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Ryan Levine: How is the commercial development opportunities in the Haynesville progressed in the last few months and are you seeing any more meaningful developments there?
Jerry Norcia: Sure. I will answer this question because David Slater is having some phone problems. Otherwise he would take this. But we are seeing lots of opportunities in and around the Haynesville assets and actually doing some nice small projects that are highly accretive. So David and his team have been quite successful. Nothing very large yet, but I think as we evolve that platform we have got a very significant opportunity with the fact that we were a first mover in building a 150-mile 36-inch pipeline that takes volumes in the northern part of the Haynesville to markets in the Gulf Coast, as well as the LNG export markets. So we are in discussions with various shippers to see if we can get a project off the ground there. So it’s early. But I would say encouraging because as you know expanding new pipelines can be a very economic and also accretive.
Ryan Levine: Great. And then maybe just one on RNG, post-spin realized the 10% threshold that you had highlighted. But in terms of deal structuring is there any change in appetite around taking else past or other credit risks? And is there any different approach that you may take pro forma for the spin given the change in tax position?
Jerry Norcia: So I would say this that you asked about RNG markets, certainly and hopefully, this is answering your question. We are using financial instruments that hedge those markets and that’s what our trading company is doing for us. So, we are taking a portfolio approach where we hedge. We also have fixed price contracts for term and then we leave some of it open to the market. So that’s the portfolio approach we are taking with RNG, both in the LCFS markets and the RFS markets.
Ryan Levine: Okay. But the pro forma for the deal, would you look to take any more duration risk or less in light of the more utility focus company that you would be managing?
Jerry Norcia: Certainly. We always look for length in our contracts. So that’s what we -- that’s how we approach it. We will give up a better return to get length in our contracts. But we also look for a portfolio approach.
Ryan Levine: Okay. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to come back to GSP if I could kind of slice it a little bit differently maybe. For the first quarter, the piece you landed there would handily beat guidance and with the strength due to seasonality and how should we think about seasonality for the business overall at this point?
Jerry Norcia: Well, the primary strength, as David mentioned in his comments, was driven by the fact that the LEAP pipeline, which was a brand new pipeline that came into service last August. We are starting to see the full impact of that on our financials year-over-year, because in the first quarter of last year, LEAP wasn’t -- was not in the portfolio, it was under construction. So that’s the primary lift that we got year-over-year. And then as we mentioned, we have got moderate favorability from all of our platforms and that’s what created the first quarter favorability year-over-year, those two factors. But predominantly the in-service of 150-mile 36-inch pipeline that we put into service.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. So no seasonality to think of the business overall for our GSP?
Jerry Norcia: Typically, we don’t get seasonality in that business. We are getting a little extra juice from the -- all the platforms blowing a little higher than we expected. That’s likely due to -- we do -- as you know we plan conservatively and have contingency in our plans. And that’s starting to play out on that platform somewhat in addition to the LEAP pipeline, which is a big investment that came online.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Separately, for Midstream, could you discuss how advanced the carbon capture initiatives that, I think, you alluding to before were in? Do you see the 45Qs as written as sufficient to make these projects economic? Just trying to see how the pace of what could develop for a carbon capture with the Midstream side?
Jerry Norcia: 45Q is helpful. But if you think about 45Q and LCFS in California, that starts to create a little more interesting returns. And so, I would say, that’s what we are going to need to see across the country as little more juice for these types of projects. So, otherwise, it will create a significant burden for customers that are looking to sign on. So it all really depends on do customers have to do this. And secondly, while the tax credit regimes both federal and state support. Certainly, in California, there is more -- I guess, it looks more positive than other states.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I would like to turn the call over to Jerry Norcia for any closing remarks.
Jerry Norcia: Well, thank you, and I want to thank everyone for joining us today. I will just close by saying that DTE had a very successful first quarter and we are really feeling strong about the remainder of 2021 and we are busy working on putting a really successful 2022 together and beyond. So I hope everyone has a great morning and stay healthy and safe.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-19 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the DTE Energy Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Barbara Tuckfield, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Barbara Tuckfield: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the Appendix of today's presentation. With us this morning are Jerry Norcia, President and CEO; David Slater, President and CEO-Elect of Midstream; and Dave Ruud, Senior Vice President and CFO. And now, I'll turn it over to Jerry to start the call this morning.
Jerry Norcia: Well, thanks, Barb, and good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us today. I hope everyone is staying healthy and safe. This morning, I will start off by giving you a recap of our 2020 business performance and provide highlights on how we are well positioned for future growth. Then David Slater will give some details in our Midstream business and provide an update on the spin transaction. Dave Ruud will provide a financial review of the year and wrap things up before we take your questions. So let's start on Slide 4. 2020 was clearly a challenging year for so many with the COVID-19 pandemic disrupting everyone's lives. And as I reflected on this past year, I think the best word to characterize my thoughts is pride. I cannot be prouder of how our DTE family confronted these challenges and took them head on and created incredible success in every part of our company. I’m proud of how our employees responded to ensure their own safety and the safety of our communities while continuing to deliver for our customers. DTE also delivered very strong financial results, continuing our incredible track record of success. In 2020, we achieved extraordinary engagement and safety performance. We achieved our safest year on record, as you all know the safety of our people and our customers has always been our top priority at DTE. I’m so incredibly proud of our team for this achievement while navigating through a pandemic. Additionally, our team remained highly engaged throughout the year. We were ranked by Gallup among the top 5% globally for employee engagement, earning our eighth consecutive Gallup Great Workplace Award. Best-in-class employee engagement is our secret sauce that defines our strong corporate culture and provides a foundation for long-term value creation and repeated success on the delivery of our goals. And as I said, our DTE team stepped up in supporting our customers and communities through these tough times in 2020. Our team significantly streamlined payment plans for customers impacted by COVID-19. We found creative ways to show rate case filings, which were supported by the Michigan Public Service Commission, effectively keeping rates unchanged for customers through 2021. DTE led a $23 million initiative that provided 51,000 tablets as well as Internet access to the Detroit Public School students, assuring that education would not be interrupted. We also donated over two million masks to emergency managers, first responders and hospitals when PPE supplies were low. The DTE Foundation contributed to pandemic-related relief efforts in unprecedented ways in 2020. Finally, I’m incredibly proud of how our team worked together to execute our economic response plan to ensure strong financial performance. We quickly analyzed how the pandemic could affect our company, customers and communities and put a plan in place to minimize the impacts. We then followed through and executed on that plan. Our workforce of over 10,000 employees embraced our culture of continuous improvement and found opportunities to increase efficiency across all of our businesses. This work led to a successful year in 2020 and set DTE up well for the future. I want to congratulate all of our DTE family who delivered one of the best years on many fronts since I have been with the company. I’ll discuss our 2020 accomplishments on the next slide. As I mentioned, the success of 2020 was fueled by the execution of our economic response plan, which led to really strong earnings. 2020 was also a year of very strong cash flows for DTE, and we were able to use some of that strength to increase investment in our operations, positioning us nicely for 2021. Our 2020 operating EPS of $7.19 represents 14% growth over DTE’s 2019 operating EPS. This is nearly 9% higher than our original 2020 guidance midpoint. 2020 was the 12th consecutive year we exceeded our original guidance midpoint. This success demonstrates our team’s commitment to deliver results and continuous improvement. We also increased our dividend 7% for 2021, marking the 12th consecutive year of a dividend increase. In addition to solid financials, DTE achieved many regulatory and operational successes in 2020. DTE Electric received approval for an innovative onetime voluntary refund to customers for unexpected COVID-19-related sales. This will help maintain our customer affordability and positions DTE Electric to further defer its next rate case filing. We will continue to work on innovative ways to delay rate cases. DTE Gas reached a constructive rate case settlement, which was approved by the MPSC in August. As a result, both utilities achieved regulatory certainty in 2020 that allows us to keep base rate steady for customers through 2021. We are very proud of these accomplishments as we continue our commitment to provide reliable, affordable energy to our customers. I will go into more detail on the 2020 achievements for utilities in a few minutes. Our non-utility businesses also achieved operational successes in 2020. DTE Midstream placed a lead pipeline in service ahead of schedule and under budget and began delivering for our customers, not a small feat in today’s environment. At P&I, we continue to focus on the development of RNG and cogeneration projects to backfill the sunsetting REF business. In 2020, we operationalized our Wisconsin R&D project and Ford Central Energy Plant, and also finalized an additional cogeneration project. This continues our cadence to new private completion, accompanied by a strong pipeline for future growth. Turning to Slide 6. I’ll discuss how DTE is positioned for future success. Overall, our achievements in 2020 have set us up well for continued success in 2021. Our 2021 operating EPS guidance midpoint of $7.07 provides 7% growth over 2020 original guidance. The vast majority of our growth comes from our utility businesses. At DTE Electric, we are investing heavily in the modernization of the grid and cleaner generation. At DTE Gas, we continue our main renewal work as well as infrastructure improvements. We continue our steady growth in our non-utility businesses through strategic and sustainable investments. As you know, we are executing the spin of our Midstream business this year. David Slater will give you more details, but let me just say that the transaction is progressing as planned, and we are on track for completion of the year. This separation positions DTE as a predominantly pure-play utility and establishes Midstream as an independent C-Corp gas midstream company. We truly believe this transaction unlocks significant value for investors in both companies. We are reaffirming our 5% to 7% long-term operating EPS growth for DTE from our 2020 original guidance midpoint. That will continue to provide an attractive and growing dividend to investors. DTE has a long track record of delivering premium shareholder returns, consistently beating the S&P 500 Utilities Index, and we plan to continue delivering for our investors. As I said, we have exceeded the midpoint of our operating EPS guidance for 12 straight years. And early in this year, we feel we are well positioned to continue that streak in 2021. Turning to Slide 7. I’ll highlight some of the successes of DTE Electric. Both utilities progressed on key missions in 2020 while navigating the pandemic. For DTE Electric, that has included clean energy investments as well as investments to accelerate the modernization of our electric grid. In 2020, DTE Electric commissioned the largest wind park in Michigan, which is the Polaris wind park, with 68 turbines generating 168 megawatts of power. Our voluntary renewables program, MIGreenPower, continues to exceed our high expectations. The program is the largest of its kind in the nation with 850 megawatts of commitments to-date and 25,000 customers enrolled. Enrollment in this program have doubled over the past year. We continue to be excited about this program and see additional opportunity for expansion as the customer enrollments continue to grow. These accomplishments helped DTE Electric work towards this net zero carbon emissions target by 2050. DTE Electric also announced its commitment to promote electric vehicles by joining forces with other companies to facilitate the construction of a network of fast-charging stations across the Midwest. To assist our customers with affordability during the pandemic, we found an innovative plan to delay an electric rate case filing. The Michigan Public Service Commission approved this plan, allowing us to provide steady base rates to our customers and regulatory certainty for our company and investors. Commission also approved a onetime customer refund for unexpected load increases from additional residential usage from customers working from home due to COVID-19. This allows us to defer our next rate case even further and keep customer rates steady longer. Looking forward, the future is bright for DTE Electric. At EEI Conference, we rolled forward our five-year capital plan, which included a 17% increase in capital of the electric company compared to our prior plan. These investments are focused on cleaner energy as well as infrastructure investments for reliability and growth. We’re also creating substations for current and future load growth and addressing aging infrastructure to position the grid in the future. Through the implementation of this plan, DTE Electric is targeting 7% to 8% long-term operating earnings growth. Moving to Slide 8, I’ll describe the successes of DTE Gas. DTE Gas progressed on key initiatives in 2020 and is well positioned for future growth. We announced the innovative program to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. This program is a first of its kind and incorporates emission-reduction opportunities for suppliers and customers. Recently, we also announced a voluntary program for customers to purchase carbon offsets and renewable natural gas to offset 25% to 100% of the average homes gas use emissions. We progressed on a major transmission renewal project in Northern Michigan. This project includes installation of a new pipeline and facility modification work, provide redundancy and mitigate customer outages. We have completed the first of three phases for this project, with the second phase scheduled to begin in June. DTE Gas also continued main renewal upgrades and operational improvements in 2020, including completing 206 main renewal miles, despite a pause in work during the height of the pandemic in the Spain. Finally, DTE Gas issued a rate case settlement in August that supports investment plans and provides regulatory certainty through 2021. The current capital plan for DTE Gas includes additional opportunities that could potentially be included as we continue to find ways to create headroom and affordability of continuous improvement. Our five year investment plan of DTE Gas focuses on main renewal, pipeline and transmission integrity and enhanced technology. Upgrading our system or replacing aging infrastructure continues our path to reducing costs and improving customer satisfaction. DTE Gas recently filed a gas rate case with the MPSC in support of these investments in infrastructure and reliability for our customers. With our usual 10 month rate case cycle, new rates will be effective in 2022. Before I turn it over to David Slater, who will walk you through the successful year Midstream had and give updates on the spin transaction progress, let me congratulate him on being elected to serve on the end of Board as Chairman of the industry group representing Interstate Gas Pipelines. David, over to you.
David Slater: Thanks, Jerry, for the kind words. The next year will be a defining period for our industry, and I look forward to ensuring that policymakers and regulators understand the importance of natural gas in the lower carbon future. I’ll start on Slide 9. As Jerry mentioned earlier, our spin transaction is well underway, and we recently initiated the Form-10 process. This keeps us firmly on schedule for a midyear spin. I’ll now discuss the successes Midstream achieved across all of our platforms last year and then go over the execution of our spin transaction. We placed LEAP in service last summer, ahead of schedule and under budget. It is a 155 mile, 36 inch pipeline that extends our gathering system to the Gulf Coast Interstate systems and LNG export markets. This asset is a great addition to our portfolio. We delivered strong financial results this year across all of our platforms, producing strong adjusted EBITDA of $713 million, which was above plan. We also executed a three year contract on NEXUS with our Ohio utility, and we continue to see strong interest in NEXUS capacity. Overall, portfolio continues to be well contracted. Our major customers are in solid positions, connected to premium markets and have minimal near-term debt maturities. I also wanted to mention that Midstream recently announced a net zero emissions target by 2050, making us one of the first companies in the Midstream sector to announce such a goal. We intend to use every tool available to reach our sustainability targets and believe this will evolve to become a significant opportunity over time for Midstream. With the position of our assets and the strength of our counterparties and contracts, the Midstream company has highly visible cash flows and a stable long-term outlook. We remain focused on disciplined capital deployment to fuel our growth and are supported by a flexible, well-capitalized balance sheet. The creation of an independent Midstream C-Corp will provide the opportunity to leverage these positive attributes to further advance the company and create value. Now let’s turn to Slide 10. The Midstream business has been transformed over the last decade and a solid, steady, strategic transformation has positioned Midstream to become an industry leader it is today. We felt that naming the company DTE Midstream will allow us to build on DTE’s legacy of success as we progress on our new journey. As I said earlier, the spin is well underway with the expected completion by midyear. We began the SEC Form 10 initial registration process earlier this month. We will be leading with the rating agencies and initiating a debt raise in the second quarter. Throughout this process, we will be hosting events with analysts and investors and are planning to hold a roadshow in June. I am feeling very optimistic about our leadership team. As we mentioned on the last earnings call, Bob Skaggs will be the Executive Chairman of the Board. I am pleased to announce that Jeff Jewell, who is currently Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Risk Officer of DTE Energy, will become the CFO of DTE Midstream. I have worked with Jeff for years, and I can tell you that both Bob and I are delighted to have him join our leadership team. He is a highly qualified expert and has a solid track record of delivering results. I am confident that Midstream is well positioned for the future. Our seasoned leadership team, proven track record of success and our unique set of assets will allow us to deliver strong financial results year after year. 2021 will continue this track record with a targeted EBITDA range of $710 million to $750 million and a strong capital structure with an initial 4 times debt-to-EBITDA ratio and a 2 times dividend coverage ratio that will provide financial flexibility. The portfolio generates significant cash flow and is well positioned to create value for our investors. The spin will provide Midstream strategic opportunities and optionality to continue this record of success. And I’m looking forward to talking to many of you between now and the spin completion. Now I’ll turn it over to Dave Ruud to discuss DTE’s financial performance.
Dave Ruud: Thanks, David. Good morning, everyone. 2020 was the year that brought its share of opportunities and challenges, and hard work of our employees allowed us to continue to deliver for our stakeholders, including delivering strong operational and financial results while providing great service for our customers. As Jerry mentioned, we executed on our economic response plan to offset the impacts of the pandemic and warm winter weather. With our quick action and the incredible performance from the whole team, we were able to achieve solid financial performance across all of our business lines. Let me start on Slide 11 to review our year-end financial results. Total operating earnings for the year were $1.4 billion. This translates into $7.19 per share for the year. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. I’ll start to review at the top of the page with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $813 million for the year. This was $97 million higher than 2019 primarily due to higher residential sales from more people working from home during the year and new rate implementation, offset by rate base growth costs. Moving on to DTE Gas. Operating earnings were $196 million, $15 million higher than last year. The earnings increase was driven primarily by onetime O&M cost savings, new rate implementation and the infrastructure recovery mechanism revenue was offset by warmer-than-normal weather and rate base growth cost. Let’s keep moving down the page to our Gas Storage and Pipelines business on the third row. Operating earnings for GSP were $303 million. This was $90 million higher than last year, with strong performance in each of our platforms driven primarily by a full year of Blue Union earnings and placing the LEAP pipeline in service last summer. On the next row, you can see our Power and Industrial business segment operating were $150 million. This is a $17 million increase from 2019 due to new industrial energy services and RNG projects, offset by steel-related sales. On the next row, you can see our operating earnings at our Energy Trading business were $39 million. This is $9 million higher than last year mainly due to performance in the gas portfolio. Finally, Corporate and Other was unfavorable by $4 million year-over-year primarily due to higher interest expense. Overall, DTE earned $7.19 per share in 2020, which is $0.89 per share higher than 2019. Let’s move to Slide 12. As Jerry mentioned, we are reaffirming our 2021 operating earnings guidance. We would like to remind you that this guidance does not reflect the strategic separation impacts, and any post-transaction guidance will be provided later in the process as we approach the spin date. Our 2021 operating EPS guidance range is $6.88 to $7.26 per share. The midpoint of $7.07 per share, which is 7% growth from our 2020 original guidance midpoint. We are comparing our 2021 guidance to the 2020 original guidance midpoint to normalize the onetime items included in the 2020 actual results given that 2020 was such a unique year. Our 2020 results include a number of nonrecurring items, and we experienced higher COVID-related residential electric sales, which are projected to begin to normalize in 2021. These sales were in part offset by the voluntary refund to customers. We also had onetime interest and investment returns, higher Energy Trading earnings, and we experienced higher-than-planned nonutility earnings due to conservative planning and cost control during COVID. We are projecting another strong year in 2021 with growth in each segment. At DTE Electric, growth will be driven by distribution and cleaner generation investments. As we said before, we have worked and continue to work to hold electric base rates flat for our customers. DTE Gas will see continued investment in main renewal and other infrastructure improvements that provide enhanced reliability for our customers. GSP will continue organic growth across all its pipeline and gathering platforms, and continued RNG and cogeneration project development will drive growth at P&I. Now let’s move to Slide 13 to talk about our long-term growth. The spin transaction unlocks the full potential of our premier regulated utilities and premium natural gas Midstream business. DTE becomes a high-growth, predominantly pure-play, regulated and Michigan-based utility. If you look at our post-spin business, we are growing at 7.4% from our 2020 pro forma operating EPS original guidance midpoint, excluding Midstream impacts. In addition, we are maintaining our 5% to 7% operating EPS growth through 2025 from the 2020 original guidance despite significant milestones during that time, which includes the conversion of $1.3 billion of mandatory equity units in 2022 and the sunsetting of the REF business at the end of this year. Over 90% of our operating earnings will come from our two utilities, which will deliver operating earnings growth from early years of the plan that are higher than their average operating earnings growth over the five years. Overall, we feel optimistic about our outlook and our operational and financial performance. Let’s turn to Slide 14 to briefly discuss our balance sheet and equity issuance plan. We continue to focus on maintaining strong cash flows and solid balance sheet metrics. Due to the strong cash flows in 2020, DTE is starting in the low end of our planned equity issuances in 2021 and continues to have minimal equity needs in our plan beyond the convertible equity units in 2022. We are maintaining our focus on our leverage and cash flow metrics. As we have mentioned before, the spin transaction will be credit-enhancing, allowing us to lower our FFO-to-debt target from 18% to approximately 16% while maintaining a solid credit position. We continue to focus on top-tier cash management as we put fast action to ensure strong liquidity at the onset of the pandemic that resulted in having $3.1 billion of available liquidity at the end of last year. Now I’ll wrap up the call, and then we can open it up for Q&A. As we have demonstrated today, DTE had a very strong year in 2020. And clearly, this is a result of the incredibly hard work of every member of our DTE family. Throughout the year impacted so greatly by the pandemic, we were able to continue to deliver clean, safe, reliable and affordable energy to our customers. The DTE team achieved remarkable engagement and safety performance. We also were able to assist our customers and communities during the pandemic in unprecedented ways. Our DTE team delivered our 12th consecutive year of exceeding our original guidance midpoint while also increasing our dividend and positioning DTE for success in 2021 and into the future. With that, I thank you for joining us today, and we can open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question this morning comes from Michael Weinstein from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, good morning, guys.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Weinstein: Hey, maybe you could go through some of the highest priorities you’re going to have with the electric filing as it comes up eventually? And what would be the focus of that rate filing?
Jerry Norcia: Sure. The primary focus will be our capital investment plan, continuing to build out, modernize our electric grid. So our investments in the wires business will be front and center in that filing, along with continued investment in clean generation and, of course, typical capital investments to maintain the system in good working order. So those would be the key priorities.
Michael Weinstein: Right. And along those same lines, as you maintain the 5% to 7% growth rate – growth target going forward, what is the – where do you think that most of that backfill will come from, from the elimination of the GT&S segment considering that that was a pretty high growth segment contributing?
Jerry Norcia: Yes. I think as we’ve shown in our growth plans at EEI, we have very large backlog of capital for infrastructure that needs to be deployed, both on our electric business and gas business. And then P&I segment is obviously focused on renewable natural gas and cogeneration, that will drive a nice growth profile there. So overall, based on a large inventory of capital that we need to deploy on behalf of our customers, we see a very good strong growth rate for DTE post-spin of 5% to 7% EPS growth.
Michael Weinstein: Right. And the low end of equity needs, is that through the entire plan or just the early, did I hear that right, just the first-year plan?
Jerry Norcia: Dave Ruud, do you want to take that?
Dave Ruud: Sure. Yes, over the three-year period, you see the $1.3 billion of converts come in, in 2022. But besides that, we do think we’ll be at the low end of our equity plan during that period.
Michael Weinstein: For the entire period, right?
Dave Ruud: Yes. The entire three years, sorry.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. And is that driven just by better results, more cash flow?
Dave Ruud: Yes. We had really strong cash flow in 2020 that positions us even better.
Michael Weinstein: It’s not a reflection of a rating agency – more laxness, I guess, in your credit rating targets?
Dave Ruud: Well, you can also see that we have it on one of the slides that we were targeting at 18% FFO-to-debt prior to the spin. But we have talked to the rating agencies, and this will be credit-enhancing for the company. And so we are able to reposition that 18% to a 60% FFO-to-debt and still be in a consistent place on our ratings and our positions there.
Michael Weinstein: Is that a driver of being at the low end, though, of equity needs? Or is it mostly just about having more cash flow than you expected?
Dave Ruud: When we talked to EEI, this was part of how we were able to be at the lower end of our equity needs – or to lower equity needs. And now this additional cash push us down to the lower end of that…
Michael Weinstein: All right. That’s all I’ve got. Thank you.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to start off on the Midstream side, if I could here. And just want to see if the frigid temperatures that have been coming to the nation, if that, kind of, impacts some of your operations there as far as flows that you might be seeing or even if, I guess, maybe higher gas prices might influence producer activity, just trying to think through the different ramifications of what we’ve seen this past week.
Jerry Norcia: So I’ll start by saying that our assets operated quite well across all of our platforms. Some of our customers in our southern platform had issues, but perhaps I’ll let David Slater describe that in a little more detail.
David Slater: Sure. Thanks, Jeremy, for the question, and that’s very topical, given it’s on the news every night. So yes, first off, our Midstream assets performed really well. I’m proud of the operating team in the field. They saw that weather coming in and started to take actions in advance of that to make sure our system operated reliably, so it has. We have seen from a customer/producer perspective well freeze-offs, and it’s really driven by an extended period of very frigid weather in the Louisiana, Texas area. And that, over time, does affect production. That said, it looks like the weather is breaking today and tomorrow. We expect that those volumes will come back online over the weekend and into the beginning of next week. So there has been a short-term production reduction that occurred and – but it’s going to be bouncing back fairly quickly.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s helpful. And then just thinking about the volatility in the markets day. I’m wondering if that could create opportunities on the Energy Trading side that could benefit you in the first quarter?
Jerry Norcia: Well, I’ll say this, that at our Energy Trading operations, we’ve got very small positions. And typically, we’re long. So we have seen some favorability that will roll through the Energy Trading business for sure.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s helpful. And just on Midstream, as we think about the shape of earnings across the year, you talked about growth in that business. I’m just wondering, do you see kind of a ramp across the year here? Or any other color you can provide as far as just the shape of Midstream earnings across the year as you see it now?
Jerry Norcia: David, do you want to take that?
David Slater: Sure. I can take that. I think it should be fairly steady across the year, Jeremy. I don’t see any significant lumpiness over the year. So it should be fairly steady.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Maybe a last one on Midstream, if I could here. And I’m not sure if you’re in a position to discuss it much at this point. But just when you think about your Midstream business, when you think about what other publicly traded comps out there, are you able to kind of provide any thoughts on how you think your business compares versus others, what you think is the closest comps?
Jerry Norcia: David?
David Slater: Yes. Jeremy, when we’ve talked about this in the past, the two that I referenced would be Equitrans and Williams, Equitrans is similar size. They focused in the Appalachia. We are more diversified than they are. But in terms of size and portfolio composition, we’re similar to them. And then Williams, they’re larger than we are. But again, in terms of focus primarily on gas and the portfolio composition. So those are the two that we kind of point to as proxies. I believe that we’re going to have a pretty strong portfolio and with a strong, clean future in front of us. So we expect to trade to have a strong multiple on our EBITDA.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s very helpful. I’ll stop there. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julian Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Julian Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, team. Thanks for the time.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Julien.
Julian Dumoulin-Smith: Good morning. Couple of clarifications, if you don’t mind. Number one, with respect to what’s happened here in Texas, how do you think about the Energy Trading impact? I just want to clarify the last response that, indeed, your book across its various exposures is intact? And then I’ve got a more substantive question.
Jerry Norcia: So at the highest level, Julien, as I mentioned, we have small positions, but we find ourselves typically long in those positions. So the impact on commodity prices has actually provided favorable trends for our trading business, certainly in the last several days.
Julian Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. Excellent. Sorry, I just wanted to clarify about trading specifically. Then separately, if I can. Obviously, just very successful 2020. How do you think about taking some of those tailwinds and putting them into 2021 here? I get that there are a number of onetime items, including cost-savings in 2020. But how do you think about that moving forward in 2021 here as it goes? And then if you can speak to it as well, I just noticed the cash flow steps down, probably again off of some onetime items, into 2021. If you can speak to that a little bit?
Jerry Norcia: So Julien, I would say that 2020 positions us extremely well for 2021. As the year begins and progresses here, we are seeing favorability and also likely trending towards the higher end or beyond the midpoint of our guidance but still inside our guidance. So I feel very positive about the year as it’s starting to progress, but more – we’ll speak more about that as the quarters progress here, but feeling really strong about how 2021 is shaping up. Dave Ruud, do you want to add some thoughts on the cash flows or earnings for this year?
Dave Ruud: Yes. Sure. You’re exactly right, Julien. 2020 was a really good year for cash for us, primarily driven by strong performance in the business. But we also did have some onetime impacts from – particularly from the CARES Act, which gave us some really good favorability. So 2021 cash is lower than 2020 as we adjust for those onetime things that won’t repeat, but it’s still – we feel a good solid cash year for 2021, too.
Julian Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent, guys. Thank you very much, right.
Jerry Norcia: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Arnold from Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold: Hey, good morning, guys.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Jonathan Arnold: Just back on equity just for a second. Isn’t the low end of the range excluding the unit zero? I just – maybe I’m really slow on that. I just want to…
Jerry Norcia: Dave?
Dave Ruud: Yes, the low end there is zero, and we’re just – in case there are some internal equity issuances or something we’re just saying here at the low end, but we don’t see a need for much equity issuance at all beyond the conversion over the next three years.
Jonathan Arnold: Yes. That’s what I was hearing, but I wanted to clarify. And thank you. And then just to follow up on the question of sort of seasonality around Midstream. It looked like the fourth quarter was a step back to the $72 million, the range, which is kind of what it was in Q1 and Q2 and then just had this really big third quarter, over $100 million. I mean, are we saying that that was an anomaly in 2020, and we should just have much more – because your guidance would seem to point to the 75-ish each quarter, if it occurs ratably. So I just wanted to maybe get a reminder it will happen in Q3.
Jerry Norcia: David Slater?
David Slater: Yes. I’m just thinking out loud here in Q3, there may have been a few onetime items that rolled through the portfolio in Q3. But again, I think as I look forward, I don’t see any large bumps quarter-by-quarter right now. So I think a ratable view is probably appropriate.
Jonathan Arnold: Good enough. And then just one final thing on – your corporate segment numbers in the fourth quarter, it looked like they came in a good bit better than guidance for the year. What was going on there? Did you have some conservatism? Or were there some onetime results? Just maybe a little more color.
Jerry Norcia: Dave?
Dave Ruud: Yes. You nailed it there. When we did our revised guidance on the third quarter call, we did still have some conservatism in there to protect ourselves from any other variability that would come up. And then as things played out, we did see some upside as well from onetime interest expense, interest income and some investment returns that caused that to go higher.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Can you quantify what those onetimers might have been?
Dave Ruud: There was like some interest expense was down. They were all kind of not small, none are really big. But when they add them together, they kind of give us that increase. So interest expense down. There is some interest income, again, related to the CARES Act that came through. And then we had some investment returns that were slightly up also. So there’s kind of three together that came in.
Jonathan Arnold: Right. Thank you. And if I may, just to Jerry, more sort of big picture. Is there – could you potentially look at accelerating your 2015 net zero for the electric side? And if so, how would you go about it? Is that something you’re starting to think about?
Jerry Norcia: We are thinking about it, Jonathan. I – we are running many scenarios right now internally, understand is there an opportunity to accelerate our retirement schedule for our coal assets. As you know, we still have a very large coal operation. And currently, we’re forecasted to retire our Belle River Power Plant, which is about 1,200 megawatts in 2030. So we’re looking at ways to accelerate that, which is our first retirement that – in our lens this decade; and then our Monroe Power Plant, which is a very large coal facility, almost 3,000 megawatts. We’re looking at ways to potentially accelerate the retirement of that up from 2040. So much more to come on that, but we are deep into that analysis right now. And we’re required to file an IRP in 2023. And we will detail all of that then.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. So, you’re doing – there might be some sort of interim updates along the way, because it’s kind of a long way out?
Jerry Norcia: Yes. There’ll be interim updates along the way. We expect that.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Thank you for your time.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, team. Good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra: Just one question from me. Good morning. Everything else, you guys have answered. Maybe just give us any color to the extent that you can as to what to expect when you start doing these roadshows. Like should we expect a – for the Midstream business, should we expect a sort of a five-year look? Or just in terms of how many years, what are the projections? And part two of that question, how should we think about dividends? You’re saying the post-spin off, the dividends are going to be higher than pre-spin. That sort of suggests a materially higher growth rate for the – versus the peers on the Midstream business, right? Am I thinking about that the right way?
Jerry Norcia: David, do you want to take that?
David Slater: Yes, I’ll take it. And Dave Ruud, you can fill in. So maybe I’ll start with the roadshow and what to expect on the roadshow. So that will be the opportunity for the – for DTE Midstream to provide guidance basically for the first time as a stand-alone company. So as we work through the debt raise and sort of lock down a lot of variables, then I think we’ll be in a position to provide more clarity and color. Our goal is to provide best-in-class guidance in the midstream space. As you know, the midstream space, what’s normal there is different than what’s normal in the utility space. So our goal will be to provide as much visibility into the company and really be distinctive in that regard. In terms of some of the details around the dividend, we’re publicly communicating we’ll have a 2 times dividend coverage ratio. We’ve not provided the exact number on the dividend. And again, you should expect that in the roadshow. But Dave Ruud, I don’t know if you wanted to add any more color to the dividend question.
Dave Ruud: I can explain why that looks higher in 2022 than would have been together in 2021. So the goal for each company is to have a dividend that's consistent with the best peers that we have in that industry. And so for DTE, we'll have a dividend consistent with the highest performing peers and consistent with where we've been in a payout ratio, that's around 60%. And then Midstream, as David mentioned, we'll have a dividend that set to a dividend coverage ratio of approximately two times the distributed cash flow. When you put those together, if those results in a higher dividend and it's really a result of that two times distributable cash flow equating to what would have been a higher payout ratio. So that's what makes 2022 look higher than what it would have been otherwise how the company has been together.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. Thanks for that color, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman: Hey, good morning. Thanks for all the updates.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Good morning, Jerry. So I was actually interested – question, I guess, for Dave, just on both the net zero target for Midstream, and also as incoming head of INGAA, just could you maybe give more of your high level view of how natural gas fits in decarbonization and energy transition? You don't have to go that long, but just high level. Thank you.
David Slater: Sure. Thanks, Steve. Yes, that's a very good question and topical in the country right now. So first off, in January, we announced a net zero by 2050 target for the Midstream business with a milestone of getting 30% of the way there by the end of this decade. So there'll be lots of actions that we'll take around that, but I'd say at the very highest level, Steve, there is a significant opportunity to decarbonize the energy infrastructure that carries natural gas. Just to frame it up, it carries about a third of the energy we consume every day in North America. So it's a massive energy distribution system and just as DTE has successfully decarbonized and is on a pathway to decarbonize the electric grid. I believe the same opportunity exists for the natural gas energy distribution system. So that I expect that over time, that's going to take capital investments and creating the policy framework to enable those capital investments I think is important. So I'm kind of pivoting now to the INGAA conversation and at INGAA, I announced two weeks ago a statement on behalf of the industry that the industry is committed to a net zero aspiration by 2050. So there's definitely a desire to move in this direction amongst all the industry participants and work closely with the new administration and just societal requirements to move to a lower carbon footprint. So again, I think over time, this is going to create investment opportunities in the infrastructure. And I think the task before us right now is to – we have a lot of great technology that can be deployed quickly. That's what I'll call on-the-shelf technology, working with the regulators to create the framework, to allow that to happen across the industry broadly.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, great. I've got a lot of follow ups to that, but I'll save it for another time. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Weisel from Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Andrew Weisel: Hey, guys. Good morning, everybody.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: My first question I want to follow up on the cost cuts. You did a tremendous job in 2020 offsetting the headwinds from the pandemic and your usual course of constant improvement. You mentioned that it positions you well for 2021. My question is what's your latest thinking on how much of those savings are permanent or sustainable as opposed to being one-time in nature?
Jerry Norcia: Well, I'll start, then I'll turn it over to Dave Ruud, but certainly, the success that we expect in 2021 is driven by some of the work that we did in 2020 as it relates to the cost reductions. And also strengthens our plan long-term as you saw at EEI, we pulled forward $2 billion in investments into the electric business in order to accelerate our modernization program for the electric grid. That was a result of a lot of the learnings that we experienced in 2020. Now some of those cost reductions are one-time in nature, and I'll let Dave Ruud describe some of those as well.
Dave Ruud: Yes, you're right, Jerry. As we look at the initiatives we implemented in 2020, our goal is going to be to keep as much of that going forward as we can. We consistently have through our normal processes, always looking at costs, but in 2020, we did see some additional reductions. Some of those, of course, are one-time. We had more people working capital, and we had some delays in some of our work due to COVID. But some of the things will be real and will stay with us. I'm confident that we're going to find some real efficiencies by how we learned to work this year and having more people work remotely. So we're going to be able to take a lot of what we learned and roll that forward, somewhere in probably half of what we saw, we're going to be able to look at trying to find ways to continue that in 2021 and then continue cost savings. Again as Jerry said, so that we can have more room for additional capital that we need to help serve our customers.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Terrific. So about half, I think I heard. Then on the regulatory front, you’ve historically been an annual filer. Now you’re staying out rate cases for both electric and gas. Could this be something of a paradigm shift? Or is it a unique onetime thing given the economic challenges so many of your customers are facing?
Jerry Norcia: Well, certainly, we will target the delay rate cases as long as we possibly can. We think that that’s a benefit to our customers, and we’ll continue to look for creative ways to do that. We are exploring ways to do that right now with the commission staff. So we’ll report more on that as the year progresses, and that’s related to our electric rate case. Right now, we’re targeting a May filing, but we’re looking at creative ways perhaps to delay that even further. So more to come on that, but always working on ways to reduce the impact of our investments on our customers.
Andrew Weisel: Great. One last one, a bit of a curveball here. I’m well aware that auto isn’t a huge exposure for you in terms of volume or margin. But with all the headlines around chip shortages impacting manufacturing for the automakers and their supply chain, are you seeing any disruptions or reduced operations from those customers?
Jerry Norcia: We’ve not seen anything that’s impactful to our earnings this year, our guidance this year. But Dave Ruud, any further thoughts on that?
Dave Ruud: No. I agree, Jerry. At this point, we haven’t seen the impacts. Our – overall, our industrial load outside of a few key customers has come back really well from where it was at the low points in the pandemic. And so we’re – we have not seen those impacts yet.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Terrific. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sophie Karp from KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Sophie Karp: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Sophie Karp: I have two questions for you, guys. First, just can you discuss if we might see some creative approaches to your gas rate case, like litigation measures similar to what you had done recently in the electric? Or should we expect the gas case to be fairly straightforward?
Jerry Norcia: Yes. At this point in time, we expect our gas rate case to be pretty straightforward. It’s really about our main replacement program and our meter newbuild program. So it’s really all about infrastructure renewal. So we expect it to be pretty straightforward.
Sophie Karp: Got it. Thank you. And secondly, a little bit of a high-level question. Would the situation in Texas, right, and the failure of basically electric heating with electricity, electric grid failed or generators failed and people couldn’t heat their homes. Do you see that dynamic can affect in the conversation around building electrification and sort of the gas utilities and their roles in the infrastructure mix moving forward?
Jerry Norcia: Well, certainly, I expect the conversation to be around making sure that there’s enough baseload generation and a well-functioning capacity market in certain deregulated markets. What I will say about Michigan is that we’re a highly regulated market here and – such that you can allow for good planning, good long-term planning and making sure that we have reliable sources of generation. So I feel really good about our position in Michigan. I think in deregulated states, there’ll probably be a pretty robust conversation about the suitability of capacity markets.
Sophie Karp: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Crowdell from Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, good morning, Jerry. Good morning, Dave.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Anthony.
David Slater: Hi, Anthony.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, Jeff. Congratulations on the new position also. Well deserved. I guess, my first question maybe follows a little off of some of the previous questions. I guess, it’s related to your gas utility. And I don’t know if Michigan has experienced the volatility in natural gas prices at other parts of the Midwest fab. But I just want to know, with that volatility – or if you’ve experienced it, how does it impact customer bills? I mean, is there a chance customer bills could really ramp up because of the high cost of gas? Or is it just ETE have storage? Or does that kind of sit on your balance sheet and deferred for a future rate case? And then I have a follow-up.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. Great question, Anthony. So first, I’ll say that the volatility in Michigan was much more muted than it was in the rest of the country, so that’s one. Two, our gas utility, when it enters the winter, it’s usually 95% fixed already in terms of price. And then for the prompt year, it’s about 50%; and then the third year, 25%. So we have a good hedging program, if you will, for commodity prices. So this volatility, even though it was muted in Michigan, will have, I would say, negligible impacts on our customers.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And I guess, the follow-up is a little off of Sophie’s question earlier. Just – I think we’ve talked about natural gas as maybe a bridge fuel or we view different things to describe it. We talked about maybe cold weather, LDCs get treated differently. But I guess that’s also the investing community. I’m just curious, when you talk to regulators or policymakers in your state, do they share the same view as – or how do they view gas, I guess? I’ll leave it at that.
Jerry Norcia: Well, I’ll say this, when we speak to legislators and regulators in the State of Michigan, they view gas as fundamental to our energy future and to our current status. It was minus five degrees here in Detroit a couple of days ago. And I got to tell you when it’s minus five degrees. I think there’s a very strong appreciation for our ability to deliver natural gas to homes and businesses to make sure that they stay warm and comfortable. So in cold climates, natural gas is highly valued by our customers and by our legislators and by our regulators.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks so much. Looking forward to catching a wind game with you guys.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you. Look forward to it as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Fishman from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
David Fishman: Hey, good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
David Fishman: Just a question on RNG here. I think Paul has been pretty thorough so far. But I was just wondering on your guys’ perspective on how you’ve seen the economics kind of evolve for RNG over the past couple of years. We’ve seen a range of kind of companies start to announce similar projects, especially as the LCFS market has tightened. So I was just wondering if competition could start to impact returns or just overall demand for low carbon technology likely outweighs this over time.
Jerry Norcia: So David, we’re still seeing a strong pipeline of growth opportunities. And I have not seen our unlevered IRRs being impacted by new entrants. We’re still able to originate and find really strong-returning RNG projects. And I would say the simple cash feedbacks are still in the order of three to five years.
David Fishman: Okay. Thank you. And then just also thinking about what’s been your guidance, both on the five-year and kind of the one-year basis when you think about P&I? It tends to – I guess, similar to most of your business, ends up being a little bit conservative. But I’m just wondering how you kind of guide around kind of the LCFS and the RFS kind of prices? Do you take more of a conservative approach? Or is it kind of where they currently trade?
Jerry Norcia: Well, we’re seeing the – the LCFS has been a very stable market and well defined by the California regulators. And they continue to advance interest and requirements in that space to make that market very attractive. The RFS market had a little bit of volatility over the last several years. So we took a pretty conservative view of that market and continue to do so. But we are starting to see – last year, we saw more stabilization there, and it was really around volume requirements where we needed things to see things stabilize. And we have started to see that. And with the new administration and leadership at EPA, I think that trend will continue the stabilization and certainty of the federal markets. So it makes our R&D projects quite attractive to have a strong, stable LCFS market as well as a stabilizing federal market.
David Fishman: That makes sense. And then just the last question on that. I know you’ve talked about it in the past, Energy Trading can provide a little bit of a hedge. But have you guys – or do you have much interest in potentially – or are you even able to enter into kind of longer term contracts, maybe five to 10 years or something like that with some of these projects, or…
Jerry Norcia: Right now – go ahead.
David Fishman: No.
Jerry Norcia: We’re seeing – our trading company has actually been able to take contracts out as far as three years. And so we have a pretty robust hedging program. We also have some longer-term fixed-price contracts that are bilateral in nature. And then, of course, we leave a little bit open. So that’s the way we’re approaching that market right now.
David Fishman: Okay. I appreciate all the insights. Congrats on a good year.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the time that we have for the Q&A portion of our call. And I would like to turn it back to Jerry Norcia for final comments.
Jerry Norcia: Well, look, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I’ll just close by saying again that I’m extremely proud of our team and how we’ve delivered during 2020. We are well positioned to achieve our 5% to 7% operating earnings growth target in the future. And I hope everyone has a great morning, and stay healthy and safe.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you once again for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the DTE Energy Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker for today, Barbara Tuckfield, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Barbara Tuckfield: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone to read the safe harbor statement on Page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix of today's presentation. With us this morning are Jerry Norcia, President and CEO, who will discuss the transaction we announced this morning that transitions DTE into a predominantly pure-play utility. We also have David Slater, President and COO of DTE Midstream and President and CEO-elect of the new Midstream Company, who will take you through the benefits of an independent midstream company. Bob Skaggs, a member of our Board of Directors and Executive Chairman-elect of the new Midstream Company will say a few words on the transaction. And finally, Dave Ruud, Senior Vice President and CFO will provide an update on the quarter, our increased 2020 earnings guidance and our 2021 early outlook. And now I'll turn it over to Jerry to start the call this morning.
Gerardo Norcia: Well, thanks, Barb, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. I hope everyone is staying healthy and safe. So I'll start on Slide 4. This morning, DTE announced that our Board of Directors has authorized management to pursue a plan for the spin-off of Midstream from DTE Energy. On this call, we will discuss the spin-off and demonstrate how it will unlock significant shareholder value by positioning DTE as a predominantly pure-play utility with visible and superior growth and creating an independent well-positioned midstream company with excellent growth potential. Now we will provide you with an update on our 2020 results, which continue to be very strong, giving us confidence to increase operating EPS guidance for the year. This positions us to exceed original guidance for the 12th year in a row. I want to thank all the leaders and our 10,000 employees at DTE for creating this tremendous success and a year of great turmoil and uncertainty. We are firing on all cylinders, keeping our people safe and delivering for our customers, communities, and investors. It is truly remarkable and certainly a reflection of the grit and determination of the great people of DTE. A big thank you. We are also providing an early outlook for 2021 and announcing that our Board approved a 7% dividend increase for 2021, continuing our history of providing strong dividend growth. Now on to Slide 6 for an overview of the spin transaction. This decision to separate the two companies follows a thorough review with our Board to identify opportunities to optimize our portfolio and maximize shareholder value. And in the end, after the evaluation of various alternatives, we determined that a strategic spin of the midstream business was the best way to create value. We recognized that this decision comes down long after our significant acquisition of assets in the Haynesville basin. Our decision to spin midstream as a result of a series of discussions with our Board that began in the summer of 2019, prior to the acquisition when we started talking about a portfolio pivot to a predominantly pure-play regulated utility. Through 2019 while business mix discussions were still ongoing, we continue to pursue an aggressive value creation agenda for midstream, which yielded the Haynesville acquisition. This was a great acquisition for forward growth and value. Because its acquisition and the balance of the midstream portfolio continues to perform exceedingly well, provides better-than-expected growth opportunities and has scaled to thrive on its own. It crystallized our paths pivot to high growth pure-play utility with the spin of a well run midstream company. We believe this strategy will unlock significant value for our shareholders. The spin is expected to unlock the full potential of our premier regulated utilities and premium natural gas midstream assets, aligned DTE’s business mix with investor preferences and overall market trends and create two entities each with experienced leadership and proven track records. We expect the entities to pay combined dividends higher than the current dividend with an 8% to 10% full spin increase from 2021 to 2022 versus 6% we had planned at pre-spin. For well over a decade, our midstream business has created significant growth through greenfield development and strategic acquisitions and has become an industry leader with solid cash flows and tremendous opportunities for continued growth. We believe the separation positions DTE Midstream with enhanced flexibility and provides shareholders an opportunity for investment in a high quality midstream company. With assets strategically located in premium basins and connected to major demand markets. As most of you know, my background includes a substantial amount of time in the gas industry, including my involvement, the development of our midstream business. The team and I have dedicated a significant amount of time and energy, creating a midstream business at DTE that is recognized as one of the best in the country. So you can imagine how important this decision is to our team and me. After careful consideration and review with our Board, I am confident that the separation is the best way to allow the midstream business and its team to achieve their full potential and to enhance overall value for our shareholders. As I said, this positions DTE into a nearly fully regulated utility with 90% of our operating earnings and an even higher percentage of future capital investments going into our two premium utilities. A five-year plan will hold this 90/10 mix. About 10% of DTE’s operating earnings will be from our remaining non-utility businesses. Separation of DTE and a midstream company is truly beneficial for both entities, positioning them well for the future. Turning to Slide 7, I'll provide details on the structure of the transaction. DTE and a new midstream company will have distinct corporate structures. DTE shareholders will retain their shares of DTE stock and receive pro rata shares of the new midstream company. We expect to complete the spin by mid-year 2021 subject to final Board approval, the Form 10 registration statement being declared effective by the SEC and other regulatory approvals. I will remain the CEO of DTE Energy with Gerry Anderson, continuing as Executive Chairman and Ruth Shaw as Lead Independent Board Director. David Slater, current President and COO of GSP is the CEO-elect of the new midstream company. Most of you are familiar with David was well respected in the industry. Bob Skaggs is the Executive Chairman-elect of the new midstream company and will continue to serve on DTE’s Board. As many of you know, Bob served as Chairman and CEO of NiSource, where he executed the company successful spin of the Columbia Pipeline Group and went on to become its CEO. David and Bob each have 30 years of experience in the energy industry. The midstream company is extremely fortunate to have these two seasoned leaders along with a really strong team to support them. Let's move on to discuss the strong growth profile of DTE Energy on Slide 9. This transaction positions DTE and are predominantly pure-play electric and gas utility. About 90% of DTE will be regulated by the Michigan Public Service Commission. We will invest significant capital over the next five years to support the utility growth. We are substantially growing our utility rate base with our five-year capital investment plan of $17 billion, an increase of $2 billion over our previous five-year plan. This capital plan is strategically aligned with our aggressive ESG targets. DTE’s EPS growth rate has been among the best in the industry over the past decade and is maintaining its long-term 5% to 7% growth target. DTE Electric, we anticipated long-term operating earnings growth of 7% to 8%, and about 9% at DTE Gas. Our full separation profile will better align DTE with investor's preferences for high-performing regulated utilities. We will continue our strong record of providing clean, safe, reliable and affordable energy to our customers and being a force for growth in the communities where we live and serve. DTE will continue to offer competitive dividends. Our investors expect we have paid a dividend for more than 100 consecutive years and have increased our dividend each year, since 2010. We will target dividend growth and payout ratio that remains consistent with our pure-play utility peers. All-in-all, this transaction offers greater appeal to investors focused on the strategic and financial characteristics of a pure-play utility. Let's move on to Slide 10. Separation will highlight the strengths of our core electric and gas utility businesses. Michigan has one of the best regulatory environments in the nation. We continue to work very closely with the Michigan Public Service Commission to support the people of Michigan, particularly this year during the pandemic. DTE continues to have a distinctive continuous improvement culture, enabling us to continue our superior track record of past management. We also have a strong commitment to service excellence. DTE Energy ranks in the top 10 of energy companies with energy efficiency programs. And I am proud to say both utilities are in a top-quartile for residential customer satisfaction. With DTE Gas, we are certainly earning a top ranking in the Midwest by J.D. Power. Moving on to the next slide, I'll discuss our capital plan beginning with DTE Electric. We expect to invest about $14 billion in electric company over the next five years. This is 17% higher than our previous plan. About $2 billion of the total electric investment will be in renewables. That will support our plan to reduce 80% of our carbon emissions by 2040 and be net zero by 2050. We are also focusing our investment on modernizing an aging distribution system with significant investments in hardening, automation and technology in our distribution business. We are building a flawless grid of the future for our customers. Our capital plan supports a robust near-term outlook for DTE Electric at 7% to 8% long-term operating earnings growth rate. On the next slide, I will discuss capital investment opportunities at DTE Gas. Over the next five years, DTE Gas plans to invest over $3 billion to upgrade and replace aging infrastructure and potential upside to the five-year plan. Along with our pipeline integrity and main replacement investment, we are investing in innovative technology and products that will reduce methane emissions and reduce the carbon footprint of our gas company. Overall, our capital plan supports a strong near-term outlook for DTE Gas and a 9% long-term operating earnings growth rate. On the next slide, I will discuss our plans to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions to further strengthen our ESG stewardship. As I mentioned at DTE Electric, we are committed to achieving net zero carbon emissions by 2050 with a 50% reduction by 2030. To meet these targets, we plan to double our renewable energy by 2024 and quadruplet by 2040. We are also progressing on our voluntary renewables program. This program enables customers to invest in renewable energy and drive Michigan to a cleaner energy future. We have more than 17,000 business and residential customers enrolled with large industrial customers, including GM, Ford and University of Michigan. We have one of the largest voluntary renewable programs in the country with 750 megawatts of demand commitments from our customers. DTE Gas announced its unique and comprehensive plan to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. This plan includes working with our suppliers and customers to enable further reductions across the value chain. So as you can see, our strong utility investment profile positions DTE for continued growth and a strong environmental leadership role. Now I'll turn it over to David Slater to discuss the new and exciting opportunity with the midstream company. David, over to you.
David Slater: Thanks, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. I know I've met most of you over the past few years and we've had many discussions on our midstream business. Let me just say that I'm excited about the opportunity this transaction provides. We have achieved solid growth for over a decade and establishing our business as an independent midstream company will really benefit shareholders by unlocking significant value. We will also continue our commitment to provide excellent service to our customers, develop growth opportunities and reaffirm our strong relationships with our partners. As you know, we have been expanding the midstream businesses for greenfield projects and strategic acquisitions to become the premier company we are today. This combination of success has enabled the creation of an independent gas-focused midstream company in the most prolific natural gas basins connected to key demand centers. The midstream company has an experienced leadership team that will continue to focus on organic growth and value creation from our well-positioned platforms. We have a strong long-term contracted asset portfolio with a diverse customer base, including electric and gas utilities, power generators, industrials, national marketers, and producers. This portfolio generates significant cash flow and it's well positioned to create value and growth for our shareholders. The new midstream company will enable better investor alignment and offer the only independent, mid-cap, gas-focused, C-Corp investment in the Marcellus, Utica and Haynesville basins. We will have a strong capital structure and attractive dividend policy associated with high-quality midstream companies. With initial balance sheet target of 4x debt-to-EBITDA and 2x dividend coverage ratio, our balance sheet will support the ability to make value accretive investments and pay a competitive dividend. And let's turn to Slide 16 and talk about midstream’s platforms. As many of you know, the midstream business is comprised of three platforms; regulated pipelines, regulated storage, and gathering. Our footprint is extensive and has been developed through highly accretive organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Also our assets connect the most economic basis with key demand centers in the U.S. Along with our footprint, the business is underpinned by the strength of our contracts and our counterparties, which I will go over in more detail in the next few slides. Future growth is driven by platforms in the early development phase, which includes Blue Union, LEAP, NEXUS, Link and Generation pipeline. Additional opportunities include economic compression, expansions of pipeline systems, additional market laterals and continued gathering build-outs. Our other platforms like Bluestone, Millennium, Vector, and Gas Storage are in a more advanced development phase, but still provide a stable and high-quality stream of cash flows. So midstream’s platforms has positioned us nicely going forward to deploy organic development capital and pay a competitive and growing dividend together adding value for shareholders focused on gas midstream businesses. Now let's turn to Slide 17 and discuss midstream’s track record. The midstream business has consistently achieved strong financial results, delivering 18% average annual operating earnings growth since 2008, and 20% annual growth and adjusted EBITDA are in that same time period. The business has contributed significant cash flow over $3 billion since 2008. Midstream is producing strong adjusted EBITDA in 2020, which is expected to be about $700 million. You can see that these are a unique set of assets for investors who are looking for superior value creation from the midstream company. Let's move to Slide 18. As we have highlighted, midstream’s assets are located in the most attractive dry gas basins Marcellus, Utica and Haynesville and are connected to the key demand centers, which provide a great opportunity to continue DTE’s history of success. Midstream’s counterparties continued to perform according to the plans they have shared with us earlier in the year. Our pipeline and storage portfolios are well contracted on average for 10 years. Our major producers are in solid positions, hedged over 70% in 2021 at $2.70 connected to premium markets that have minimal near-term maturities. Over 90% of our revenue is from demand-based contracts, MVCs and flowing gas. With a position of our assets and the strength of our counterparties and contracts, the company has highly visible cash flows and solid long-term growth outlook. The creation of an independent midstream company provides the opportunity to continue our record of success and create value for our shareholders. Before I turn it over to Dave Ruud, who will discuss DTE’s financial performance, Bob Skaggs would like to say a few words.
Robert Skaggs: Thanks, David. I'm grateful and honored to be working with you and the team. Also, thanks to everyone for joining us today. I'm glad to reconnect with the investment community. To say the least, we are very excited about this morning's announcement. As Jerry and David mentioned, this spin creates a compelling opportunity for both DTE Energy and the new midstream company to unlock their full potential, benefiting customers and employees of both companies and delivering immediate and long-term value for investors. As I said, I'm thrilled to be part of this new independent midstream company and excited to partner with David Slater and his great team. With that, I'll now turn it over to Dave Ruud, who will discuss DTE’s financial performance for the quarter.
David Ruud: Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, DTE delivered solid performances across all of our businesses. As you remember, at the end of the second quarter, we expected to be at the higher end of our earnings guidance at DTE Electric, GSP and Energy Trading. We have accomplished that and more so we are now raising our 2020 operating EPS guidance midpoint from $6.61 per share to $7 per share. We are confident in this increase based on the strong progress we are making on our economic response plan and the solid performance we are seeing this year in our utility businesses and in our non-utilities, which are continuing to perform ahead of plan. We've made great progress at our utilities, working with the Michigan Public Service Commission, continue supporting our customers. Earlier this year, DTE Electric received approval on a rate plan that would delay the effective date of our next rate case until 2022, which would keep rates steady during this challenging economic time for our customers. Yesterday, DTE Electric have filed an innovative one-time plan with the MPSC to refund our non-weather-related sales increases. This increase was a result of the unprecedented residential electricity usage patterns driven by the COVID-19 pandemic. If approved, the one-time accounting treatment will not impact customer rates, and it will position DTE Electric to further defer next rate case filing and keep customer rates steady even longer. In the third quarter, we also received approval for our amended renewable energy plan and we recently filed for the approval of additional voluntary renewables. At DTE Gas, we received MPSC approval for our rate case settlement in August. The rate increase of $110 million supports our capital investment plan and includes an ROE of 9.9%. And as Jerry mentioned, DTE Gas ranked the first Midwest residential gas customer satisfaction. It is one of the few times in our recent history where we have no major regulatory outcomes in our forward year and these regulatory successes have helped solidify our 2021 plan. Our GSP team placed LEAP into service in the quarter ahead of schedule and under budget. With the favorability that we are experiencing this year, we are also positioning 2021 for a strong year by pulling some O&M work forward. It increases our confidence in achieving our results next year. For 2021, we are providing an operating EPS early outlook midpoint of $7.07 per share that delivers 7% growth from the 2020 original guidance midpoint. And as we mentioned, we are increasing our 2021 dividend by 7%. This outlook is supported by strong growth at each segment, which I'll explain in more detail in a few minutes. But first, let's move to our third quarter financial results in Slide 21. Overall, DTE had a great third quarter. Again, this was supported by our economic response plan savings and strong performance across our businesses. Total operating earnings for the quarter were $504 million. This translates into $2.61 per share for the quarter. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. I'll start the review at the top of the page with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $91 million higher than 2019, primarily due to higher residential sales, the implementation of new rates and warmer weather in the quarter. Moving on to DTE Gas. Operating earnings were $18 million higher than last year. The earnings increase is driven primarily by the infrastructure recovery mechanism and lower O&M costs. Let's keep moving down the page to our gas storage and pipelines business on the third row. Operating earnings were up $29 million versus the third quarter of 2019, driven primarily by the first year of operation of the Blue Union system and LEAP pipeline, which went into service on August 1. On the next row, you can see our Power and Industrial business segment. Operating earnings were $2 million lower than the third quarter of 2019. This decrease is due to lower steel-related sales, partially offset by new RNG and onsite energy projects. On the next row, you can see our operating earnings at our Energy Trading business were $3 million lower compared to last year, mainly due to the power portfolio performance. Finally, Corporate and Other was favorable by $20 million quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to timing of taxes. Overall, DTE earned $2.61 per share in the third quarter of 2020, which is $0.70 higher than the third quarter of 2019. Now let's move to Slide 22 to review our 2020 operating earnings guidance. As we said, DTE is having a very strong 2020 so far, and we are raising our operating EPS guidance midpoint from $6.61 per share to $7 per share. We're very proud of how our DTE team is working through the pandemic this year and how we continue to deliver for our customers. We created and very effectively executed an economic response plan. Our team has consistently achieved against that plan. We've also had favorability from warm summer weather. And finally, our non-utility has continued to perform ahead of plan. All of these factors have led us to increase 2020 operating EPS guidance. The favorability we are seeing this year is also allowing us to pull ahead future O&M work from 2021 into 2020, which positions us well to achieve our future plans. Let's move on to Slide 23 to discuss our 2021 early outlook. For 2021, operating EPS early outlook midpoint $7.07 per share provides 7% growth from 2020 original guidance. This outlook does not reflect the strategic separation impacts and any post-transaction guidance will be provided later in the process. In 2021, we are expecting growth in each of our businesses. At DTE Electric, growth will be driven by distribution and cleaner generation investments. DTE Gas will see continued main renewal and other infrastructure improvement investments. GSP will continue growth across its pipeline and gathering platforms, and continued RNG and cogeneration project development will drive growth at P&I. We anticipate a portion of our economic response plan savings will continue through 2021 in each of our business areas. Additionally, we expect DTE’s equity needs to remain consistent with our previous plan even with the spin-off at midstream. Now I will wrap things up before we take your questions. The transaction we described today, DTE comes a predominantly pure-play utility company with over 90% of our operating earnings coming from our two utilities. Our company will continue a solid track record of providing safe and reliable energy and excellent customer service, while also being a force for growth in the communities where we live and serve. Michigan has one of the best regulatory environments in the nation, and we are committed to continuing to deliver for our customers, communities and investors. Additionally, we believe today's announcement puts midstream and its talented team in a position to grow with enhanced flexibility and provide shareholders an opportunity for investment in a premier gas-focused midstream company. The new midstream company will be building on its history of success with the leadership of an experienced and respected management team. In 2020, DTE is on track to exceed our original guidance midpoint for the 12th consecutive year and has positioned for a strong 2021 as evidenced by our 7% dividend increase for next year. With that, I thank you for joining us today and we can open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question this morning comes from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Gerardo Norcia: Good morning, Shar.
Shahriar Pourreza: So congrats obviously on the quarter and the news coming out of GSP today. Couple of questions here. Can you first – can you comment on sort of that forward growth expectations post the spin of 5% to 7% consolidated versus the 7% to 8% electric, 9% for gas. Is that kind of explained by some dilution from equity issuances, especially in light of the higher CapEx outlook, or alternatively there's some dis-synergies means splitting the GSP segment that could put some near-term pressure, and just the 5% to 7% it's off the original guidance range. Can you just remind us how you're reiterating and replacing sort of midstream earnings? What’s the key driver there?
Gerardo Norcia: I’ll start Shar, and then I'll ask Dave Ruud to add. But the 5% to 7% EPS growth is off our 2020 base. And it's pretty consistent with our growth pattern that we've described to our investors over many years. And certainly, we always end up on the high end of that as we’ve seen this year and other years. But it's driven post-spin, it will be driven by our capital programs at both our utilities, which are quite robust and very visible. We see five plus years of really strong investment opportunities at our utilities. So that's fundamentally what's driving the 5% to 7% EPS growth for the company to spend. Dave Ruud, do you want to add to that?
David Ruud: Hi, Jerry and hi, Shar. I think you actually explained it very well. The difference between what you see at the utility for the 5% to 7% is due to some of the equity coming in, but we are very confident in the 5% to 7% growth going forward. Yes. Sorry, Jerry.
Gerardo Norcia: I was going to say, Shar, in addition to that, we're not seeing any incremental equity needs as part of the spin, so it'll be equity as we had forecasted prior.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And then any good synergies from the split?
Gerardo Norcia: Dave Ruud?
David Ruud: There will be some initial costs at the corporate that we will have to work through, but there's no long-term to synergies after the first year or two.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. Perfect. And so when we're thinking about the spin, as you contemplated, the 4x debt-to-EBITDA sort of implies about $3 billion of debt attributed to GSP and the spin. How should we sort of think about post-spin leverage on the HoldCo? It seems like it could be a sizable amount of debt that remains or the credit metrics going to stay in tact, what's sort of been the feedback with the agencies and any sort of guidance on pro forma credit metrics for DTE NewCo that you can kind of guide to it today?
Gerardo Norcia: Dave?
David Ruud: Sure. Yes. We're committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet at DTE and committed to maintaining our ratings. We do expect that the separation will be credit enhancing for us. And so that's going to allow some flexibility for our metrics while still maintaining our solid investment grade rating. Our initial conversations with the agencies yesterday and those were positive. Yes, we'll be providing them more detail in the coming months. But you’re right, Shar the way it will work is that as we spin midstream and they developed their own capital structure at 4x debt-to-EBITDA that will require them raising debt, and appreciates it will come to DTE as planned. At DTE, we’ll use those proceeds to pay down our current debt in the same amount.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay, perfect. And then just lastly for me is given today's announcement. Curious, maybe Gerardo, to get your thoughts on sort of the remaining non-regulated businesses, really just P&I, is there sort of any value to having that segment now that majority of the non-reg is slated for a spin? Just curious on your thoughts here and on the remaining mix.
Gerardo Norcia: Shar, the way we're doing P&I is actually complimentary to our ESG agenda as we invest in RNG projects, and also, invest on behalf of some of our industrial customers to reduce their carbon footprint with cogeneration projects. So we view it as a small part of our business overall. It will be 90% utility, 10% non-utility, but complimentary.
Shahriar Pourreza: Terrific. Congrats guys.
Gerardo Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Weisel from Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Andrew Weisel: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Congrats.
Gerardo Norcia: Good morning, Andrew. Thank you.
Andrew Weisel: First question, I want to go about the long-term EPS guidance a little bit differently. So you're continuing to guide 5% to 7%. That's where you pointed in the past that you've consistently delivered better than that, more like 7% or 8%. Now it seems like a lot of that upside came from midstream. So looking forward, should we think about the actual EPS growth rate of 6%, or might there be some good old fashioned DTE conservatives still in that that could take it more towards the higher end?
Gerardo Norcia: Andrew, my sense is that you'll continue to see the DTE better of under promising and over delivering. So our 5% to 7% is the target, but, of course, we target the mid, but we've always done better than that because we have some contingencies built out for each year. And as I look at 2021, it's looking really strong and we're also starting to work on 2022 and that's looking really good. So I'm confident that you'll continue to see DTE’s better that you've seen in the past.
Andrew Weisel: Terrific. That's great to hear. Next on dividends. You mentioned a lot of comments about peer average growth rates and payout ratios. Can you maybe put some numbers on that? I mean, we've all got our own comp sheets, but what do you consider to be a utility peer average dividend payout ratio or growth rate?
Gerardo Norcia: Dave Ruud, do you want to take that?
David Ruud: Sure. We’ll remain about where we are at payout ratio, which is right around in that 60% range, which is kind of consistent with the best pure-play peers and then on dividend growth, that's going to be consistent with our earnings growth going forward.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. Helpful. My last question is you've invested a ton of capital into midstream in recent years, including the Haynesville acquisition for over $3 billion about a year ago. My question is, how do you think about regulated utility M&A now that hasn't really been much of your focus historically, but might you see yourselves as being potentially acquisitive in the regulated world? And if so, what kind of targets might look the most appealing to you?
Gerardo Norcia: Andrew, we have a $17 billion utility capital plan right now, which is a very large organic capital program that will create tremendous value for our investors, for our utility investors. And I'll mention again that's $2 billion higher than our prior five-year plan. So I – we're going to remain highly focused on our organic growth opportunities. So we really have no thoughts or intentions at this point in time in terms of M&A.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. And can you comment about the potential for a sale of the utility business if one were to, if you were to be approached given the new pure-play look?
Gerardo Norcia: We've got the great growth agenda and organic platform growth at our utilities and we're happy to pursue that.
Andrew Weisel: Sounds good. Thank you very much, and congrats again.
Gerardo Norcia: Thanks Andrew.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. Good morning, team. Thank you for the time. And once again, – once more congratulations.
Gerardo Norcia: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, howdy. Perhaps just to follow-up a little bit more of the cleanup on the credit side, I think a lot of folks ask me here. Just to be extra clear about this, you said, I think – credit enhancing. Do you know what your new thoughts would be around a minimum FFO debt target specifically here? And you might've been indirectly asked this earlier, but just want to try to come back on that because you're at 18% now, should we think about this being closer to some of your peers, call it 15%?
Gerardo Norcia: Dave Ruud?
David Ruud: Yes, we're working through that and we're in discussions obviously with the agency. We do think it is credit enhancing. And so we do think we can have the opportunity to move our FFO debt down to something that's more in line with peers, but that's – yes, it could be defined as we work through the details here.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. When do you think you'll provide an updated view, and maybe this is a leading question into the 5% to 7% as well? When do you think you'll be in a position to provide an updated view on the credit as well as how you're thinking about that baseline, moving off of your current base, right? When do you think you'll roll it forward once you close or more on a pro forma sort of 22 basis? And I asked this specifically because you obviously have the P&I segment, perhaps holding back that 5% to 7%, at least given the rest step downs coming up here.
Gerardo Norcia: Dave, do you want to take that?
David Ruud:
.:
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. So do you think that wouldn't yet include the step down and the ref for the baseline, right? When do you think about it?
Gerardo Norcia: Well, our 2022 projections, when we put those forward and our 5% to 7% EPS growth rate, Julian does include the step-down areas and the replacement that we've been working on at P&I. So we will – our 5% to 7%...
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Sure, absolutely. I only stress it because the earlier questions has been fixated on the discrepancy between your utility and your consolidate growth. So that's why I'm fixated on when you could potentially move beyond that big item there. Okay. Excellent. Well, thank you all very much. I think I'll leave it there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Weinstein from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Gerardo Norcia: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Weinstein: Could you just talk a little bit about why not sell the midstream business to another buyer like Berkshire Hathaway, similar to…
Gerardo Norcia: Go ahead, please.
Michael Weinstein: Yes, via spin, that's the other question.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes. We examined a series of alternatives as we were looking to make this pivot through more of a pure-play utility model. And when we looked at all those alternatives, we found that the spin, and in our opinion, created the greatest amount of shareholder value for our investors going forward.
Michael Weinstein: Are there any tax consequences? And also is the 4x debt-to-EBITDA level, is that low enough to compete with a sector that's – publicly traded midstream sector that's already kind of under stressed?
Gerardo Norcia: Well there are no tax consequences. This is designed to be a tax-free spin. And certainly, the debt level of the new midstream company will be very competitive and provide a tremendous flexibility to provide a strong dividends and strong dividend growth, as well as pursue their capital growth programs.
Michael Weinstein: And on that dividend issue, just to follow-up on Shar’s questions. How would equity needs remain unchanged at DTE Energy after you've lost the cash flow from this business? I said it's credit enhancing, but I'm just wondering if that's – is that enough to not change any equity needs going forward?
Gerardo Norcia: Dave Ruud, do you want to take that?
David Ruud: The piece you mentioned there, the credit enhancing, those help support the additional or the lack of additional equity that we need. We still do have the equity converts that come in, in 2022, but we do see our equity plan doing very consistent with our previous plan.
Michael Weinstein: Great. And one last question. When do you think you'll file the next electric rate case? That's coming up probably early next year.
Gerardo Norcia: We are looking at first quarter next year, but we're going to remain flexible on that and we're going to try to obviously delay as much as possible, but that's our baseline right now.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski from Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Hi. Thank you. I have actually just a couple of questions. The first, I remember the previous EEI Conference, you guys talked about how the affordability issue sort of impedes your ability to grow utility CapEx. Now you're showing us this very sizable growth on the electric side, and this potential increase on the gas side, so what's changed since last year?
Gerardo Norcia: Well, Angie, good question. The pandemic revealed some significant opportunities for us from a cost structure perspective at both our utilities. And as I mentioned in earlier calls, we had this $2 billion sitting on the sidelines looking to get in, but we needed to create affordability room, while we have in fact done that, and created affordability room. And the pandemic was very revealing as to what we could do, in addition to what we been doing for many, many years. And so that's how we found the affordability room to bring in that capital into our plan for a few utilities.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And the additional $0.5 billion of CapEx on the gas side, I understand that this hasn't been approved, so what we're waiting forward with that incremental spending?
Gerardo Norcia: The $2 billion is something that's in our plan at the electric company. The $0.5 billion at the gas company is sort of in the same position that the $2 billion was in, which was we're looking for affordability initiatives to bring that into the plan. And we're trying to display that. We've got a very strong inventory of investment opportunity at both utilities. 
Angie Storozynski: Great. The 5% to 7% growth that you're reiterating, what's the – I understand that as of 2020, what's the basis, what's the starting point? So is it like $5.47 and basically stripping out the other GSP earnings for 2020.
Gerardo Norcia: Dave, do you want to take that?
David Ruud: Yes. What we're showing there now is the 5% to 7% for next year is based – as if we didn't spend that 5% to 7% will be based on as having GSP removed from the baseline. 
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And there is not going to be any type of reallocation of parent level expenses or something like that that would be on that 2020 number?
David Ruud: We will have to work through the parent level expenses and how we've managed those internally, but they're not expected to be material…
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And my last question about the midstream spin-off. So we have this – the date about – investors about what is the multiple that the set of business will be trading at. And we see this big disparity between pipeline multiples versus gathering multiples. Can you give us a sense [indiscernible] from that perspective, what percentage of the 2020 EBITDA is associated with gathering assets which tend to trade up meaningfully lower with that multiple?
Gerardo Norcia: David Slater, do you want to take that?
David Slater: Sure. Can Jerry. Angie, good to talk to you. Yes, that's a good question. And what we've disclosed previously is we have about 10% in our storage business, about 40% gathering and 50% in the pipeline segment, and those percentages are income percentages. So that's a good proxy for your question.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Well, so with that in mind is like a simple math would it indicate that business would have a relatively low market cap of around $3 billion, $3.5 billion which – strong technical pressure because [indiscernible] investors that's based on how your stock – stock has performed or not. So why you were convinced that [indiscernible] values given the relatively potential small market cap and technical pressure that it's going to be.
Gerardo Norcia: Well, we think that first of all the spin creates premiere regulated utility 90/10 sort of structure inside our utilities that investors will have the opportunity to invest in with a strong capital growth program for five plus years. Our midstream company is going to be well-capitalized, when we compare it to its peers and have strong dividend growth. And, we think it's going to be a very attractive investment for midstream investors and also current investors in DTE.
David Slater: Jerry, if I could add to that maybe.
Gerardo Norcia: Sure.
David Slater: Yes. Angie, I think it's going to be a very unique investment opportunity in the midstream space, predominantly natural gas and its portfolio is really laying over the best dry gas basins in the country. And fundamentally there's a lot of fundamental support and growth in those areas. So I think this investment opportunity for those investors that are looking for a really high-quality midstream investment, I think it will be very attractive.
Angie Storozynski: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fleishman: Yes. Hey, congrats.
Gerardo Norcia: Good morning, Steve.
Steven Fleishman: Hey, Jerry. So I'm not sure you're positioned to answer this. As this call was going on, Elliott came out and said something about kind of being happy with this. So could you just comment on any involvement they might've had with this or how to characterize that?
Gerardo Norcia: So I'll start by saying Steve that we started to talk about this pivot in the summer of 2019. And we started looking at pivot towards a pure-play utility model and it was a series of discussion between management and the Board that really culminated just in the last few days. We talked to lots of investors, lots of potential investors and analysts and get feedback. But I'm not going to comment specifically on we talk to and don't talk to.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then just kind of get a sense of the kind of thoughts on the new company financials. So obviously the cash flow from the gas business will be separated, but you should have more, this 18% FFO to debt target that you've had for a largely pure regulated utility. I would assume that you’ll be able to fund it with somewhat meaningfully lower FFO to debt. And what is – if you look at the peers for a largely regulated utility at your credit, like what would that range be versus the 18 plus that you been at?
Gerardo Norcia: Dave Ruud, do you want to take that?
David Ruud: Yes, when we look at our peers, we see them down in the 14% to 16% actually in that range. We are still committed to maintaining our ratings. So we're going to be really careful with that, but we do expect that this will be credit enhancement for us.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then lastly, just on the midstream business, so you had a kind of growth targets out there together for the midstream business. I think it was like 9.5% net income growth type of thing. Could you just comment on how that business is tracking versus the prior growth target? And was it – is it on track with what you'd said before for midstream through 2020? I guess it was through 2022, 2024?
Gerardo Norcia: So Steve I'll start and then I'll turn it over to David Slater. But I would say that nothing has changed fundamentally from a growth perspective in our mainstream business. All of the organic opportunities that we were pursuing continue to play out. David Slater, why don’t you add some more color to that?
David Slater: Sure, Jerry. And Steve, that's a great question. And I'd just reiterate that absolutely nothing has changed in this business between yesterday and today. We've got a great team, a great management team that's going to be leading the new company and excellent operating team that's coming along. As we progress through this standing up of a new C Corp, we'll be putting out a detailed forward guidance kind of best-in-class guidance as expected in the midstream sector. And certainly be able to answer the question you're asking in a lot more granularity and detail as we move forward in the process here. But suffice it to say absolutely nothing's changed in the business. If anything, the fundamentals in the basins I described earlier are just strengthening right now. So we feel really positive about this new company and it's going to provide an investment vehicle for some of the midstream investors that really doesn't exist in the sector today. There's not another company as C Corp in the midstream space that's positioned like – this company will be positioned around those particular basins in the country. It really attached to some really strong market centers.
Steven Fleishman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, team. Good morning.
Gerardo Norcia: Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra: Good morning. Just real quick follow-up on the tax implications of the spin. Just could you remind us, when are you expected to be a tax payer? I believe its mid 2020s, and it just been impact…
Gerardo Norcia: Dave Ruud?
David Ruud: Yes, you're right. Currently it is mid 2020s, 2024, and this will be – I was able to see tax free spend. We don't expect it to influence that. We’ll get back to you for sure on that.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay, perfect. And then maybe just one quick one on 2021 guidance. What are you assuming in terms of if anything on COVID impacts and then obviously strong execution on the O&M front this year, should we expect that to sort of continue into 2021 as well?
Gerardo Norcia: I would say 2021 is positioned extremely well. As you know, we plan very conservatively for our forward years. So we’ve significant contingency to accommodate any sort of changes in the loan patterns or potentially incremental expenses. So I feel really good about our position in 2021.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay, perfect. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Burke from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Stephen Burke: Hey, good morning, and congratulations.
Gerardo Norcia: Good morning. Thank you.
Stephen Burke: I wanted to talk about the midstream business. Would you be able to give us a sense of the maintenance CapEx, and I'm thinking not just about physical maintenance, but the CapEx needed to keep the cash flows flat especially for the gathering business. How do you think about just the sort of base capital need to keep the business running flat on EBITDA?
Gerardo Norcia: Well, I'll start this by saying it's a relatively new system. So those maintenance CapEx dollars will be modest at best. But David Slater, do you want to add some color to that?
David Slater: Sure, Jerry. You're exactly right. And Steve that's a great question. And we're definitely going to be providing more color around that as we approach spin date, but the systems are all generally new, so very modest maintenance capital required after the foreseeable future. And that'll be a very small number especially as you compare this midstream company with some of the other midstream companies that have more mature larger networks that they're having to maintain.
Stephen Burke: Understood. Yes. As you all think through that, I'd love to get a sense, not just the physical, which I assume is low, but the economic maintenance for gathering just given the nature of the business. But I guess moving on to just thinking about the gathering business in credit quality, could you give us a little more information on the credit quality for that particular segment in terms of sort of range of customer ratings, any customer notices to modify or terminate agreements and just sort of other credit protections you have? That's a pretty common question that comes up on the gathering side especially, just curious how you think about the credit quality there.
Gerardo Norcia: David?
David Slater: Sure. Yes. That's another excellent question, Steve. So as we've disclosed in the past and we provided a lot of detail on this one when we did the Haynesville transaction last year. In most of our agreements, we put credit enhancement clauses in there to really protect not only the receivables, but the forward obligations that those customers have. So that would be sort of my first statement and that's sort of hard-coded into our DNA. It's all, let's do that. So it has the effect of enhancing a credit profile of the counter party. But as I kind of stepped back and I know we've shared this in the past with some of our bigger customers on the gathering side of our business would be – names like Southwestern, Cabot, obviously Indigo, Antero. So those are some of the names that are in our portfolio. And again, we've looked very closely at their credit and monitor that with a lot of detail, have a lot of information that they share with us quarter-by-quarter. So we're monitoring that closely. And all of those customers are in good positions. They have no significant maturities before them and their cash flows are strengthening in the current environment with the fundamental strengthening and dry natural gas. It's benefiting all these companies. And so we actually see their credit profile strengthening. It's easy to see when you look at their – just look at their long-term debt and how it's trading. You can clearly see a strengthening credit profile across our gathering customers.
Stephen Burke: That's really helpful. And just last one for me. Just for the midstream business overall, are there any additional cash flow metrics beyond the EBITDA that you laid out, whether think about distributable cash flow, free cash flow, some definition of cash flow, or is that something that you all are going to provide on a later date?
David Slater: Yes. You're exactly right, Steve. Those are what I would call best-in-class midstream metrics. And with the opportunity of standing this company up new, we're going to make it best-in-class. So we're going to work through those details and look forward to spending time with you down the road when we get closer to spin date and share all that.
Stephen Burke: Understood. That's all I had. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Thalacker from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
James Thalacker: Thank you very much, and good morning.
Gerardo Norcia: Good morning.
James Thalacker: Most of my questions obviously been answered, but just two real quick questions. I guess the first is, as you were looking at becoming a pure-play, did you explore potentially divesting or winding down both the P&I and/or the energy market and business, and what was the determination to retain those businesses?
Gerardo Norcia: So James I'll start by saying that when we looked at all our alternatives to unlock shareholder value and create incremental value for our shareholders, the biggest mover that we saw was to really create the spin for GSE. We saw P&I as complimentary to our ESG agenda with our remaining utility platform, which will be 90% of our business. And so we've decided to pursue this path at this point in time.
James Thalacker: Okay. Great. And just, I guess, could you also just remind us also, what was the outlook, I guess, for equity on a going forward basis? The question I asked a bunch of times. But I know that you’ve been targeting 18%, but with a pure-play utility, you probably should be down sort of in the mid teens. And then on top of it, you have the conversion, I think in 2022 of the convertible that was done to finance the midstream business. It seems like you have a lot more flexibility either not to issue equity or maybe to use incremental debt. So could you provide some guidance, I guess, how you're thinking about how much equity was in your plan now for the five-year period?
Gerardo Norcia: Dave Ruud, do you want to take that?
David Ruud: Sure. And in the deck – in the appendix on Slide 28, it showed our previous planned equity issuances, and you can see in – next year that was $100 million to $400 million. And then in 2022 it was $1.2 billion of convertible equity units that come into the plan. So that was consistent with what we're seeing going forward.
James Thalacker: But as you move, I guess, beyond 2022, should we expect any material equity, or is this going to be something that's just going to be more sort of $100 million or $150 million [indiscernible] type of issuances?
Gerardo Norcia: In our plan going forward, there are no major and no equity issuances that we see in those years.
James Thalacker: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Tonet: [Indiscernible] earning growth through 2024, but just trying to see is there any reason to think that EBITDA growth is different in that type of trajectory – earnings growth just to remind us as far as how much of this growth is contractually underpinned with MDC? Just trying to get a feel for that. Thanks.
Gerardo Norcia: David, do you want to take that?
David Slater: Sure, Jerry. Jeremy, I had a little hard time hearing the beginning of your question. I'm just going to repeat it. I think you're asking about EBITDA growth versus earnings growth, and how much of that is kind of enhanced. So that's the question I'm going to answer, and you can change it if I got it wrong. So first off, just to reiterate, nothing has changed in the business from what we've previously disclosed. So business is strong and has performed incredibly well this year, have been incredibly resilient to a difficult year in the sector and the difficult year with respect to the pandemic. So that gives me lots of confidence of the durability of the business. In terms of the growth, and what EBITDA growth we moving in tandem with income growth. I think that's generally a true statement. And again, I think as I answered earlier, we'll be providing a lot more granular details sort of best-in-class guidance as we progress and get closer to spin date. So I trust that answered the question.
Jeremy Tonet: Yes. That's helpful. And just want to see – it sounds like contractually underpinned that growth with over 90% demand contracts, it seems like that's pretty unique in the midstream [indiscernible] it sounds like it does. So that's really helpful. And then just building maybe towards the midstream entity itself, I don't know what you can say looking forward as far as the strategic outlook, there is anything that you can comment on that. Good organic growth, that's kind of unique in the space right now. I don't know anyone else talk about [indiscernible] 4% average is surely near the low-end of peers out there. So it seems like you have some really strong flexibility there and maybe you could – just want to get a sense for these things that you guys going to stick to your base into what you're doing there, or if anything going to be – anything is going to change strategically?
David Slater: Yes. That's a great question. Yes. First off the assets are great assets and they're positioned across – when you look at the resources in the country right now, these are the resources that all the analysts expect they're going to get attention in the next year or two. And the company is positioned from an investor perspective to provide an investment vehicle for people that want to have exposure to the midstream around the best natural gas basins in the country and attached to literally the best market centers in the country. So I think you alluded to it. It's a very unique investment vehicle that we believe is going to be distinctive in the sector. And we're setting it up to have a very healthy balance sheet with a healthy dividend and a lot of flexibility going forward to continue what I'll call the strategic intent that we've had, which is continued to make highly accretive value generating investments on and around that portfolio of assets where we have a competitive advantage and asymmetrical information. So yes, I don't think there's no significant strategic shift that's expected here in the near-term. But again, as we approach spin date, I'm looking forward to laying the plan out in more detail and having good conversations with the investor base going forward. So thanks. Thanks Jeremy for the question.
Jeremy Tonet: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold from Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold: Yes. Good morning, guys.
Gerardo Norcia: Good morning.
Jonathan Arnold: Just a couple. Jerry, during the question about REF, you mentioned that the outlook off of the, I guess adjusted 2020 original base includes the replacement that you've been working on. Are you just referring to the $15 million a year origination pathway that you've talked about? Or is that something more significant you will maybe alluding to that?
Gerardo Norcia: No, it's essentially the $15 million a year that we've been originating in new income, so you're incorrect.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. So I just want to make sure there wasn't something else that you're hinting at. And then, secondly there was a comment made about potentially delaying the next rate case in the filing you'd recently made. And there was a lot of material. I just wonder if you could clarify, what you were saying there and maybe put it in context your comment about the base case timing? I think its early 2021.
Gerardo Norcia: Sure. Great question. So we've had a really strong year for electric company this year and some portion of that has been driven by incremental sales due to COVID and the pandemic as it relates to our residential markets. So what we're doing Jonathan is essentially deferring a portion of those earnings in 2022 to offset a potential rate increase in 2022. What that does is that gives us the opportunity to reconsider timing of filing the rate case. So that's really what that's about.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And just any suggestion of still how far will it differ roughly a year? Is that a good assumption?
Gerardo Norcia: It's probably too early to say Jonathan. But we'll continue to update you as we move forward.
Jonathan Arnold: Great. Thank you.
Gerardo Norcia: We'd like to see a portion of 2021 started to play out before we make that decision.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Fishman from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
David Fishman: Good morning.
Gerardo Norcia: Good morning.
David Fishman: Just a few questions for me. I know the spin itself is tax-free, but is there any impact on your ongoing cash tax position for the spin? Does this pull forward when you might become a cash taxpayer as the regulated [indiscernible] to your five-year plan? Or is there not much of a material impact there either?
Gerardo Norcia: Dave Ruud?
David Ruud: Yes. We’re going to – we'll look more into that and see what the impact is there. And we'll have to get back to you and let you know on that. You are right, we weren't cash taxpayers until 2024.
David Fishman: Okay.
David Ruud: We don't think it will have – we don't think this will have much of a material impact though.
David Fishman: Okay. Good to know. And then back on the post REF P&I, I know you pretty much just mentioned that you're still shooting for, I guess, the $15 million or so a year, but could you guys maybe comment on what you kind of broadly see as the opportunity set there for RNG and cogeneration? And do you expect P&I really be growing enough to maintain a 90/10 regulated versus unregulated mix longer-term, especially given the elevated regulated growth rates?
Gerardo Norcia: Well, that's what we see now, David is P&I being able to grow in the sectors that we described, which is nearly to RNG and cogen. And we're still seeing a good opportunity there. We have one that's in late stages right now on the RNG front, that we're feeling really good about. And so we're continuing to see activity and really nice return there, but it will be a very small part of our portfolio going forward. But we do see it at that 90/10 mix over the next five years.
David Fishman: Okay. And then, I guess, still on the clean energy. On the voluntary renewables, initially you guys had talked about a 1.4 gigawatt target by 2030. Your updated filings looks like nearly that amount by 2025. How was your conversations kind of gone for maybe the second half of 2020, if you even went out that long because it seems that clearly over the next five years, you've had a big pull forward. Just if you could maybe give us a little bit more color on kind of how the whole decade is kind of shaping out a little bit there?
Gerardo Norcia: Well, I have to tell you this voluntary renewables program that we have has been very exciting. It's a product that we have a hard time keeping on the shelf. We are selling it quite a bit for our residential customers and also our large industrial customers and even smaller industrial customers want this product to really green up their power portfolios – power usage portfolios. So look, as you've said, we've been able to pull forward our projections as to when we will hit the 1.4 gigawatts, but we'll continue to sell into this market and continue to update as we go forward, but we're doing much better than we had ever anticipated in that market.
David Fishman: Got it. And I imagine this is something to get a little bit more color on at EEI or…
Gerardo Norcia: Yes. We'll provide an update at EEI, but what we can tell you now is that we have 750 megawatts sold and we're going to build for that. We've got some filings in front of the commission to pursue those builds. And as we learn more and develop more market, we'll continue to update you.
David Fishman: Got it. And then just last one for me. I know you briefly touched upon this, with the energy trading business, what would you say is kind of the strategic rationale as keeping the energy trading business as a part of the ongoing kind of DTE entity?
Gerardo Norcia: David, it's a very small part of our company and certainly in our business that we look to grow. And what we use it for is to really be a market maker. So for example, with our RNG projects and even in our cogen facilities, we use it to manage risks with those investments either for ourselves or on behalf of our customers. And that's really the primary purpose of that little business.
David Fishman: Got it. Okay. Congratulations, and thanks for taking my questions.
Gerardo Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: The final question we have time for today comes from Ryan Levine from Citi. Please go ahead.
Ryan Levine: Good morning.
Gerardo Norcia: Good morning.
Ryan Levine: So what is DTE’s tax basis in the midstream portfolio today? And how long would DTE Midstream need to remain a public company to avoid triggering a tax event for current DTE shareholders?
Gerardo Norcia: David?
David Ruud: Well, I don't think we’ve – we haven't released our tax basis or said that our tax basis in DTE Midstream. What was the – excuse me, what was the second half of that question?
Ryan Levine: Would you be willing to disclose that? And then also how long would DTE Midstream need to remain a public company to avoid triggering a taxable event for current DTE shareholders?
David Ruud: I think we'll have to get back to you on that one.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes.
David Ruud: [Indiscernible]
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then how are you thinking about setting a new DTE Midstream dividend policy, and how are you defining the dividend coverage ratio in the press release 2x for 2021 for this pro forma company?
Gerardo Norcia: Dave Ruud?
David Ruud: Yes. That's still to be totally nailed down as we established a midstream company, but we do plan to establish one that's competitive with peers and we talked about that doing that 2x dividend coverage ratio, and that's the distributable cash flow over the dividend and how that will be defined consistent with other midstream companies.
Ryan Levine: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the Q&A portion of today's call, and I would like to turn it back to Mr. Jerry Norcia for final comments.
Gerardo Norcia: Thank you. Well, thank you, everyone for joining us today. I'll close by saying we had a very solid quarter and are well positioned for a strong finish to 2020, and really great start to 2021. I believe the spin at DTE Midstream will unlock significant value for our shareholders and drive future growth. I look forward to talking to all of you in a few weeks at EEI. I hope everyone had a great morning and stay healthy and safe.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you once more for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the DTE Energy Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your speaker today Barbara Tuckfield, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Barbara Tuckfield: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone to read the Safe Harbor statement on page two of the presentation including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix of today's presentation. With us this morning are Jerry Norcia, President and CEO; and Dave Ruud, Senior Vice President and CFO. And now I will turn it over to Jerry to start the call this morning.
Jerry Norcia: Well, thanks, Barb, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. I hope you and your families have been healthy and safe during this pandemic. I want to begin this update by saying how very proud I am of the DTE team because of the way we are working together to ensure each others safety and continue to serve our customers, support our communities, and deliver for our investors. It is great to be part of such an amazing team that have responded so well and achieved so much in this crisis. This morning I'm going to provide an update on the successful implementation of our COVID-19 response plan that we discussed on our first quarter earnings call, which puts us on track to achieve our 2020 financial targets and positions us to achieve our long term goals; I will also provide highlight on the strong progress at each of our business units. Dave Ruud will then provide a review of our financials, and we'll wrap it up before we take your questions. Before we start, I'd like to take the opportunity to congratulate commissioner Dan Scripps on the recent announcement appointing him to be the new Commission Chair. Since joining the MPSC, he has taken a balanced approach, and we look forward to continuing to work with him. I'd also like to thank former Chair, Sally Talberg for her tireless work and positive contribution on energy policy and regulatory matters for the State of Michigan. So let's start on Slide 4. At the end of the first quarter, we shared our plans and respond to the pandemic. We also talk about what we were doing for our employees, customers, communities and investors, and how we will achieve our financial targets. We have progressed really well across each of these areas. Let's start with what we are doing for our employees. We continue to focus on their safety and well-being, and since March over 5,000 employees have been working from home. Let me tell you that is going really, really well. Our systems continue to work well and supporting our people and many of our metrics have never been better, including safety and productivity. Our plant and field employees continue to deliver for our customers, as they adopted new procedures to ensure their personal safety and the safety of our customers. This may be the new normal or a better normal. We are looking at the possibilities of different and more flexible work arrangements that could continue to improve employee engagement. Our employees remain highly engaged in this environment. I'm pleased to say that just about a month ago, we received Gallup Great Workplace Award for the eighth consecutive year. We are still the only utility to receive this award. It really reflects our company's strong culture and highlights our commitment to service excellence. Our employees are driving very low injured rates with safety focus work putting us on track to have one of the best safety records in the industry. Our employees have worked hard to recover lost ground, on paused work they're executing on the economic response plan. I'm very thankful for all the great work that our employees have been doing and continue to do, and I am very proud of our DTE bandwidth. On the customer front, we continue to deliver safe and reliable energy. In fact many of our customer service operational metrics have improved over the last few months. We have also ranked nationally in the top quartile of JD Power for Residential Service Excellence. Additionally, we are finding creative ways to help our customers during this pandemic beyond reliably delivering their essential energy. For example, we significantly streamlined payment plans for those who are impacted by COVID-19 and continue to help connect our most vulnerable customers with energy assistance programs. We did this with extensive cooperation with the MPSC and the Department of Health and Human Services and are extremely thankful for their cooperation. We realized that for some customers growing and energy assistance programs like the State Emergency Relief Fund can be very difficult. To make sure no one has left behind, DTE trained over 60 employees to guide people through every step of the enrollment process. To-date, we have submitted nearly 1,500 applications on behalf of our customers. We also received approval from the MPSC for an innovative approach for holding electric rates flat through 2021, while still delivering on our financial targets. We also experienced a couple of significant storms in June and July, and a normal DTE fashion, our employees and contractors reacted very quickly and efficiently. We're able to restore power safely, as our team is working around the clock. I want to thank all our employees involved in these incredible efforts. We also continue to address the needs of our communities through philanthropy and volunteerism. Due to our community focus work and our world-class volunteerism, we are recognized by Points of Light, as one of the country's top Corporate Citizens. We've engaged employees, customers, who are satisfied with their service and communities that are resilient. We also continue to deliver value for our investors. I'm pleased to say that we are in a position to reaffirms 2020 operating EPS guidance, with the potential to hit the higher end of guidance on some of our business units. We continue to target our 5% to 7% operating EPS growth rate, and our balance sheet is strong. Let's move to Slide 5, where I'll talk more about our accomplishment this year. Our second quarter results are strong, and our year-to-date operating earnings across all business units are solid. As we mentioned in the first quarter call, we developed a response plan to mitigate the significant weather and COVID-19 challenges we were experiencing. And I can tell you that we are executing on this plan. So far we have made great progress with cost savings across the company. Our electric load recovery is tracking better than we forecasted across all customer classes. Weather has provided a strong tailwind, and our non-utility businesses each continue to perform at or above the original plan. With all of these extraordinary efforts and events, we are confident in achieving our financial targets for 2020 and have positioned ourselves well for 2021 and for our long term growth. We have seen significant progress on our key efforts at each of our business units, and on the regulatory front, we have solidified our positions through most of 2021. At DTE Electric, we received a constructive general rate case order in May of this year and received approval recently for an innovative plan that will avoid increasing electric rates for our customers during these challenging economic crisis. At DTE Gas, we filed a settlement agreement for our general rate case, and announced a commitment to partner with our customers and suppliers to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. At our Gas Storage & Pipelines business, LEAP and flowing test gas this month and will be fully in service on August 1st. We got the pipe in the ground ahead of schedule and under budget. This is a very significant accomplishment in today's environment to be to construct a pipeline on time and on budget, 150 miles of length and 36 inches in diameter. Finally at our Power and Industrial business, we finalized an agreement on the industrial energy services project we mentioned last year. I'll go into more detail on these and other accomplishments on the next few slides, but I'll say that these efforts continue to position us for long term success and to achieve our 5% to 7% operating EPS growth target through 2024. We are well on our way to meeting our 2020 goals making this the 12th consecutive year to meet or exceed our targets. Let's move to Slide 6 to discuss the strong progress we are making on our economic response plan. Overall, we are doing well and the impact of these challenges is less than what we forecasted. During our first quarter call, we laid out two scenarios for Michigan going back to work, a may start scenario and then a slow start scenario. For the most part, we are tracking ahead of our May start scenario, as Michigan, as we were turning to work at a really good pace. During these unprecedented times, we have been surprised through the upside. We watch our electric sales data daily with the help of our AMI technology. Overall, we estimate that full year impact on electric sales will be better than what we laid out for you on our first quarter earnings call, with residential sale tracking ahead of the plan and commercial industrial sales tracking for the May start scenario. Our forecast was based on the data that we are experiencing in the shoulder months, and we are seeing that the summer sales response is even stronger. To give you a sense of the rebound in sales, our most recent AMI data shows commercial sales returning to approximately 90% of pre-COVID budgeted levels and industrial sales returning to approximately 95% of pre-COVID budgeted levels. Residential favorability is due to the warm weather and people being at home during the day, not adjusting their air conditioning when they would have normally been at work. We're also seeing our COVID-19 cost tracking closely to our plan. Now, let's switch over to our response plan that we laid out in the first quarter. We are tracking right on target, and have identified and now implemented cost savings across all of our businesses. Again, a lot of these savings will be one-time in nature, but we continue to look for opportunities for more permanent savings. As I mentioned, we have had tailwinds from some warm weather this quarter that has continued into July is providing some favorability to our plan. With this weather favorability in 2020, we refined our response plan going forward to develop ways put us in a strong position for 2021 pulling ahead the future costs, positioning us to minimize future rate impacts on our customers. We are also confident in signaling that we'll be at the higher end of earnings guidance at the electric company, pipes business and energy trading. Dave will talk more about that in a few minutes. With that, let's move to Slide 7 to go over our business update. At DTE Electric, we reached regulatory agreements that continue to support key priorities for our customers. We also achieved some operational milestones within the business. We received a constructive rate order in May, and a few weeks ago, we received the MPSC's approval for our alternative rate cases strategy that avoids additional rate increases for our customers. This innovative plan includes the acceleration of a deferred tax amortization to support earnings at our allowed ROE, and the securitization financing for our enhanced tree trimming work and the accelerated retirement of our River Rouge Power Plan. This strategy allows us to keep rates unchanged through 2021 by delaying a rate case filing, while still maintaining our cash position and customer affordability, while solidifying regulatory certainty in the plan. We also received approval for our amended renewable energy plan. This plan will bring an additional 350 megawatts of wind and solar projects online and enables us to meet our 15% renewable standard goal for 2021. The new solar projects will triple DTE's solar generation capacity. When operational, these projects will annually offset greenhouse gas emissions from the equivalent of 134,000 cars. We remain Michigan's largest renewable energy producer. I'm proud to say that we also commissioned the largest wind park in Michigan in the second quarter. The Polaris Wind park has 68 turbines, which can power 64,000 homes. This is a significant step toward our goal of reducing carbon emissions by 50% by 2030. We remain committed to delivering clean energy for our customers and for the community. Additionally, our commitment to clean energy also benefits Michigan's economy. Since 2009 DTE has been the largest investor of renewables in Michigan driving $3 billion in solar and wind energy infrastructure and investments. Over the five year plan, the company will invest an additional $2 billion in renewable energy assets and more than double its renewable energy capacity. By 2021, 15% of our customer’s power will be generated with renewable energy. Now, let's talk about the gas company on the next slide. At DTE Gas, we recently announced our commitment to net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. We will achieve this goal with a combination of energy efficiency measures and promoting more efficient natural gas usage within our customers' homes. We will require our natural gas suppliers to cut the emissions by reducing methane losses that have happened, while they drill for gas. Within our operations, we will reduce our emissions through operational improvements such as replacing older pipes, upgrading engines at our compressor stations to increase the efficiency and developing the renewable gas options through carbon offsets and biosequestration. Through our gas utility, we will be reducing greenhouse gas emissions by more than 6 million metric tons a year by 2050. On the regulatory front, we reached a constructive rate case settlement of $110 million of rate relief, which supports our investment plan and includes a 9.9% ROE, with a 48% to 52% debt to equity capital structure. This settlement of course is subject to MPSC approval. After a brief pause, we resumed our main renewal work and are tracking to complete our planned 200 miles in 2020. We also began construction on our transmission system renewal project. Our goal is to mitigate the outage potential for our customers and ensure the integrity of our lines to be assessed through in line inspections. Overall, these projects will help us to continue to deliver safe and reliable service for our customers and transition with emission-free environment. Now, let's move to the next slide and talk about our pipeline business. GSP continues to perform well, as we continue to see favorability across all platforms in the second quarter. Conditions for the natural gas focused midstream business, particularly in the basins that we're in continuing to be favorable to supply and demand dynamics caused by low oil prices. As I mentioned earlier, construction of our LEAP pipeline is complete. We are flowing test gas this month and will be fully in service on August 1st. This pipe will be a great addition to our portfolio, transporting gas for the Gulf markets. All of our assets are located in strategic well positioned locations creating great opportunity for future growth. Our counter parties continue to perform on plan and remain in solid positions, are highly hedged over the next couple of years and have minimal near term maturities. Our contract structures are robust and include demand fees, grow in volume commitments and credit revisions. GSP business is producing strong adjusted EBITDA of about $700 million or 2.4 times our operating earnings. And it has a 2020 allocated debt to adjusted EBITDA of approximately four times, which will decrease after the first full year of LEAP being in service. We need to focus on organic growth and value creation from our well positioned platforms, while providing visibility into GSP's financial strength and make it our premier midstream business. Now, I'll review our progress of P&I on the next slide. At P&I, we continue to focus on the development of RNG and industrial energy services project to backfill the sunsetting REF project. We finalized a new co-generation agreement this quarter and construction activities have begun with an estimated 22 in-service date. As we mentioned on our first quarter earnings call, Wisconsin RNG and Ford CEB projects are fully operational. These projects drive long-term growth and focused on a cleaner environment. All of this progress puts us in a very good position to reaffirm our P&I guidance for the year. Before I turn it over to Dave to talk about our financial performance, let me summarize by saying that 2020 is setting up to be a really strong year. The regulatory settlement at our two utilities and the early in-service date of the LEAP pipeline have removed significant uncertainties for 2021, and we are deep in the planning for a successful 2021. Now Dave, over to you.
David Ruud: Thanks, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. First of all, I want to thank everyone for the well-wishes I've received since taking on my new role as CFO. It's been a pleasure meeting many of you over the past few months at least virtually, and I look forward to having more conversations and hopefully meeting in person at some point. Let's move on to our financial update on Slide 11. Total operating earnings for the quarter were $295 million. This translates into $1.53 per share for the quarter, and you can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. I'll start the review at the top of the page with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $219 million for the quarter, which was $85 million higher than 2019, largely due to the implementation of new rates, warmer weather, non-qualified benefit plan, investment gains and a one-time tax item offset by rate base growth costs. As you remember from the first quarter call, we had incurred investment losses related to our non-qualified benefit plans, which are recognized immediately rather than smooth overtime. Now in Q2, we saw gains from those investments as the plant experienced the same positive results as the overall market in the quarter. We've now taken steps to reduce the volatility of the investments going forward, so we won't experience these market-driven movements in the future. Moving on to DTE Gas, operating earnings were $11 million for the quarter, $7 million higher than last year. The earnings increase is driven primarily by cooler weather at the beginning of the quarter and infrastructure recovery mechanism, partially offset by rate base growth costs. Let's keep moving down the page to our Gas Storage & Pipelines business on the third row. Operating earnings for our GSP segment were $70 million for the quarter, up 20 million versus the second quarter of 2019, driven primarily by the Blue Union acquisition. As Jerry mentioned, our GSP business continues to perform well in 2020. We told you on the first quarter call that our GSP business was performing ahead of plan and that trend continued through the second quarter. On the next row, you can see our Power & Industrial business segment, operating earnings were $25 million, $4 million lower than the second quarter of 2019. This decrease is due to a lower steel-related sales and REF volumes, partially offset by new cogeneration and RNG projects. P&I continues to be on track to achieve its operating earnings targets for the year. On the next row, you can see our operating earnings at our Energy Trading business were $5 million for the quarter. Earnings were $7 million higher in Q2 2020 compared to Q2, 2019, primarily due to the performance in our gas portfolio. Our trading business has had a very strong first half of 2020. And in the appendix that contains our standard Energy Trading reconciliation showing both economic and accounting performance. Finally, Corporate and other was unfavorable $3 million quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to timing of taxes. Overall DTE earned a $1.53 per share in the second quarter of 2020, which is $0.54 higher than the second quarter of 2019. Achieving our economic response plan savings this quarter supported our favorable results across all of our business units. Now let's move to Slide 12. As Jerry mentioned, we are on track to achieve our operating earnings guidance for this year and the high end of guidance for DTE Electric, GSP and Energy Trading as illustrated by the green arrows. Starting at the top for DTE Electric, we've been experiencing some very warm weather, so far in July. Along with that favorability, we expect to offset COVID-19 economic impact with the response plan that we are executing. Our GSP business has performed very well across each of its platform this year, and this gives us confidence that we'll reach the higher end of our GSP guidance. For the Energy Trading business, we are keeping in line with our conservative planning for the balance of the year. We are comfortable with the 2020 guidance range, you see on the page and are targeting the higher end of that guidance range because of the strong performance for the first half of the year. Moving on to the next slide, I will briefly touch on our balance sheet. Our leverage and cash flow metrics are within targeted ranges. For equity issuances, we are still targeting the $100 million to $300 million range for 2020. We remain on track for equity plan through 2022. We are maintaining solid investment-grade credit ratings. We continue to focus on top tier cash management, but we took fast action to ensure strong liquidity at the onset of the crisis. Now, I'll wrap things up on Slide 14. Our DTE team is continuing to focus on our safety, health and engagement, as we deliver for our customers and focus on the well-being of our communities. We remain well positioned to achieve our 2020 financial targets, as well as our long term 5% to 7% operating EPS growth target. This growth is underpinned by our five year capital investment plan with 80% of it being invested in utility infrastructure and cleaner energy. This growth is also supported by the continuation of our strategic and sustainable growth in our non-utility businesses. We will continue our track record of delivering for our investors, while maintaining strong credit metrics, a strong balance sheet and offering a healthy 7% dividend increase. With that I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning, And we can now open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Couple of questions here. First on the first quarter call, you rolled out the leaner actions to offset headwinds, and you reestablished a contingency plan measures were around 120 versus the 60 million in corporate cost. You're tracking well versus your 1Q plan, COVID is better, sales are better, do you envision still meeting the full amount to achieve the '20 targets, obviously, you're planning to keep electric rates flat in '21. So trying to kind of figure out how much of the lean initiatives or the incremental cost cuts you need given some of the moving pieces? Or should we just assume you'll utilize the full extent to help overachieve the yet to be determined 2021 guidance maybe when you launch on '21, we could assume you have enough contingencies or levers to initiate on a range that could maybe point to the top end of 5% to 7%. So just curious on sort of those moving pieces?
Jerry Norcia: Sure. Great question, Shar. So at this point in time we're continuing with the full size of the economic response plan of $120 million that we talked about in Q1, and we're doing that for several reasons. One is the - how this pandemic will play out for the balance of the year still is not a certainty. So we want to hold on the contingencies to accommodate any possible eventualities there. So that's one. And two, as you mentioned we are deep into the planning process for 2021 and feeling pretty good about 2021 with the results we're seeing now, and our abilities to pull forward expenses and create contingencies in 2021 across all of our business units.
Shar Pourreza: So we'll look for that. And then just on the equity needs, prior language seem to allude to equity needs coming maybe a little bit closer to the bottom end of your ranges and that language may have been removed. Is there any change there or is the prior language still kind of applicable to you? And I've just one follow-up.
David Ruud: This is Dave. Yes, we are consistent with our '20 to '22 equity plan still and look to balance issuances over that period. This year we've already issued about $70 million through some internal mechanisms and were range for the year now.
Shar Pourreza: And then just Jerry, just maybe strategically, just wanted to maybe get a little bit more reinforcement on your commitment to the midstream assets. Obviously, we saw with the very similar peer essentially exit the business, you call Gas Midstream. Thoughts on these trends and how you're thinking about the overall non-utility portfolio. I mean do you see these assets more in the hands of private ownership at some point especially as we get closer and deep into sort of this ESG and decarbonization trends in the sector, which is I guess, one of the reasons, why one of your peers exited that business. So I'm kind of curious on how you're thinking about this in light of your - the move around ESG and decarbonization trend as you clearly highlighted?
Jerry Norcia: Sure. Well, thanks for the question. Sure. We - let me start by the distinctive features that this business offers to us and our investors. We like the business. It's created a lot of value for us over many years. We have some high value organic growth locked in for the next three years at approximately 10% earnings growth per year. We're positioned in two basins that will experience significant supply growth. And for the 10th year in a row, this business is exceeding our expectations. So we have really top notch commercial and operations team there. In terms of selling, the market valuation is really at an all-time low, when you look back even before the shale revolution. So it really doesn't feel like the right time to sell to us, although we're always looking for ways optimize the portfolio and create value for our investors. And if another investor put significantly greater value on this business than our current investors that we would definitely consider it. In terms of ESG, Shar, we have initiatives that drive towards net zero for a lot of these businesses and they continue to add value to our investors in that way both in our gas LDC business, as well as our - our pipes business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Michael Weinstein: I'm not sure, did you answer this question, for Shar. I was just wondering why DTE Gas is also not at the high end of the range. I think you said DTE Electric and GS&P would be there, but I noticed DTE Gas is not part of that?
Jerry Norcia: Dave, you want to start?
David Ruud: Sure. Yes, DTE Gas, we experienced some, some really warm weather in the first quarter that we're still trying to overcome. So we did have some cooler weather in the second quarter, but started to offset that. But we're - we're really working on the - our ERP plan there to try to make that come in as good as it came this year.
Jerry Norcia: That the ERP is our - cost reduction plans that will - will bring us back in line there.
Michael Weinstein: Right. And also, how has the cancellation of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline affected demand for NEXUS and Link, and your other assets directly, as there been noticable shift?
Jerry Norcia: It's certainly creating a positive environment, Michael for both LINK and for Nexus, if you recall the Atlantic Coast Pipeline kind of draped over our LINK assets and some of our shippers were counting on ACP to move their volumes East, while I think that LINK certainly becomes a fundamental outlet for some of those customers in that region. And also getting that gas to market positions Nexus quite well for that. So we're starting to see - continue to see more and more activity on Nexus, which is positive.
Michael Weinstein: You think the remaining one-third to be contracted long term. Do you think that could be happening sooner rather than later, as a result of the cancellation?
Jerry Norcia: Well, it certainly will help. There is no question about that. I think we mentioned in our last quarterly call that we're starting to see some of our customers transition from seasonal contracts, that contracts that push beyond one year, and we're seeing more and more of that activity. We've actually seen some favorability in pricing as well in the first and second quarter and lock that in. So the asset is performing right on top of our pro forma at this point in time. And all of these positive developments will only help that going forward.
Michael Weinstein: Right. And also - just one final question. Could you describe what you're seeing in terms of demand in the Haynesville and Marcellus versus other basins?
Jerry Norcia: So as supply has come off fundamentally in some other basins, like for example, the Permian Basin, which is an oil driven basin with associated gas, the - the replacement of those suppliers, as we start to see temperature, normal weather in the winter will have to come from two basins that can grow, which is the Appalachia Basin, which we're well positioned there with our assets, as well as the Haynesville. They are the two most attractive basins to increase dry gas supplies. So I think we're really well positioned for those assets. Now, as you know, we are contracted long term. So as those basins continue to grow, it should create some nice upside for us in the plan going forward.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please go ahead
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So I wanted to follow up on some of commentary [technical difficulty] highest level. Can you comment on sales are trending better than you thought, but it sounds like COVID costs net-net are still in line. What's the discrepancy there, if there is any, if you see one right i.e. bad debt costs or whatever - whatever that is, isn't quite keeping up with an improvement trend? And then the second related would be, how do you think about sales trajectory now in light of the better than forecast trend in just the last few months. How does that position [technical difficulty] if you think about that sales sort of initially into '21 if I can - If I dare ask?
Jerry Norcia: Sure. So let's start with the expenses. Those are very much in line with what we expected, and just give you example of couple of those are DTE protective - protection equipment for our employees that was significant incremental expense that - that we had forecasted would be there for the balance of the year. That's tracking on plan. Of course, significant cleaning operations that are required for both vehicles and facilities. That's tracking on plan. So those are two examples as to why COVID expenses are tracking to plan. And as you mentioned, sales are tracking better than plan, especially in the residential sector, where we see a significant amount of margin generation compared to industrials. But even our industrial load and commercial load is slight - tracking slightly better than plan. So all of those are the fact that we're on plan with our cost and ahead of plan with our sales as - on essentially normal basis, just creates strong tailwinds for our financials this year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: But '21 any specific commentary, as far as you see it?
Jerry Norcia: '21, as I mentioned we're deep into the planning process for 2021, and using the strength that we're seeing in our utilities and our non-utility businesses that contingencies for 2021. So I would say, we're very well along in our planning for 2021 and feeling very good of the long term guidance that we provided as it relates to 2021.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And to clarify that even further. It sounds as if in your response to the prior question that you're largely still contemplating realizing the cost savings articulated from the last call in this current year, such that if I can draw this conclusion, your confidence in '21 does not include rolling forward these cost benefits, is that right?
Jerry Norcia: I would say first of all, we're on track with the cost reduction plans that we talked about in the first quarter, the $120 million of net income that we're seeking, well on plan, tracking every month, every week. We track the plan on that. We're in fact using some of the strength that we're seeing in sales both due to weather and some of our residential load to help build contingencies for 2021. So I would summarize by saying this way, we're shaping up to have a really strong 2020 and more to come on that in the third quarter, as we start to see this pandemic unfold a little more and also shaping up to build a strong 2021.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to follow up with GSP a little bit here. And it seems year-to-date you guys, as you sort of tracking quite well versus guidance and this is even before LEAP comes into service, which seems very imminent here. Just wondering, is there anything kind of in the back half of the year that we should be thinking about seasonality or any type of offsets or headwinds because it seems like you're positioned to do well within the guide or even kind of beat the guide here. So just trying to figure out gives and takes with - with the business?
Jerry Norcia: 2021 feels like it's going to come in strong for GSP. The LEAP pipeline that was built into our original planning to come into service in the third quarter. So it's come in a little early, which is - which is - well in August, 1st of August, start of the third quarter. So that feels good. So we feel very confident in 2020 plans and are actually working to use some of that strength to build a successful 2021.
Jeremy Tonet: And just kind of curious with the slack in the oil and gas industry right now, if you guys see much of an ability to kind of cut costs or as far as the budget for building LEAP expansion or other pieces that you're able to kind of get better efficiencies across there, just given where the industry is right now?
Jerry Norcia: Certainly, we've used the - the pandemic as a reason to pursue cost reductions in the pipeline business as well. And all of those cost reductions are benefiting 2020 certainly, and we'll look at what of that we can roll into 2021 as well, so that we can create greater strength for contingencies for 2021. So feeling really good about the two years, 2020 and '21 in that - in that business line. We've also seen some incremental activity both volumes and price in our first pipelines, as well as our storage assets. So that's been very good as well for 2020.
Jeremy Tonet: And then one last one, if I could sneak it in. Just with your net zero emission goal, do you see hydrogen playing a role for DTE over the next several decades, as you - you work to achieve that?
Jerry Norcia: We're starting. We are really starting to probe into hydrogen as a possibility. With our very large network of pipelines and storage assets, hydrogen could become a very interesting way to store renewable energy in our pipeline system, the storage assets, as we - as you can blend so that's amounts of hydrogen into the natural gas stream. But it's something we're starting - we're starting to think seriously about and also thinking about some early opportunities to commercialize our potential.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold: Quick question. Dave, you mentioned some of the drivers in DTE Electric. Any chance you could quantify the benefit you had on the non-qualified plans and maybe the tax item?
David Ruud: Yes the non - the non-qualified plan, again that was we made up most of what we lost in the first quarter there. And so when you look at that versus 2019, it was - it was around a $10 million difference upside for us. And then the one-time item that was related to our property tax settlement for prior years with the local municipality and that was around 15 million after tax net benefit and some of that benefit will continue for us into the future as well.
Jonathan Arnold: And then just, I noticed that you guys pulled out like 15 million or so of sequestration costs from your operating earnings, which has - I got a little surprised, given how well you're doing on bringing in the savings and the top line has been coming in ahead. So just is that - are you - is that because you're expecting eventual deferral treatment or some other - what's the thinking there?
David Ruud: Our goal there is really just to give investors a clear view of the quarter. And so we - we do have some COVID costs that are ongoing, and we know that, that will continue and Jerry talked about those things like PPE, enhanced cleaning. However, we did have some costs that were very one-time and non-recurring. So in the very early stages of the breakout in Southeast Michigan, we're really trying to ensure that we kept our employees fit and safe, as we were trying to learn more, so list of things like hotel stays to keep our team safe. So we - we realize those would be things that wouldn't be recurring. So we wanted to break those out separately. And they were - they are just not - not cost either that we were discussing as deferrals with commission on those - on those costs either.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. So that just was a Q2 discrete items?
David Ruud: Yes, very, very discrete.
Jonathan Arnold: And on the subject of deferrals, I know the commission approved fast debt deferral. Where do you stand on deferral of other items? And just how you treated that at this point?
Jerry Norcia: I am - there is an order from the MPSC ,the other day, they left it open that we could look at tracking some of these costs. And I think that was a great example of how the MPSC is willing to collaborate with us and ensure just a constructive environment here. So they haven't approved the deferral of any additional cost for COVID, but they left that opportunity open for us to make informational filing, if that's necessary. I think as you're hearing with the warm weather and the tailwinds from economic response plan, I think they realize we may be able to avoid these additional deferral costs as well.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And can I just got one - I know you're getting to defer the bad debt, but can you - is there any data points you can share with us on non-payment, yes, just sort of relative to I guess same time of prior year to ex-out seasonality? And just any thoughts about whether - to what extent that's been mitigated by some of this enhanced unemployment benefit and just what your thoughts are about those trends going forward as well?
Jerry Norcia: Sure. So Jonathan, I'll take that one. At the highest level, we're watching bad debt expense and arrears on a daily basis. And interestingly, we're preparing for a much more significant impact year-to-date but that has not happened. We're just not seeing a significant movement in bad debt expense and arrears right now. We're seeing modest movements even on a seasonal basis. And we attribute that much to what you described, which is there has been some significant amount of government stimulus that's been brought into people's hands to - in order so that they can pay their bills and continue with their business operations even. So that's been quite helpful. And that's been very different than the last time we went through an economic crisis, where we saw our residential customers and small businesses deeply impacted and that turn into bad debt expense and arrears. Now going forward, we obviously remain in a conservative posture, as well as we have a deferral account that will help accommodate the protections for our customers to enforce, if that was to change in the future.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: So, I have two, just quickly on the quarter and sorry if I missed this, but can you quantify for us, one, how much benefit the weather was versus the plan? And then what of the $120 million target did you achieve in Q2?
David Ruud: Sure, I can take the weather part. Yes, we do break out weather impact in the deck. So if you - on Slide 21, so you can see Electric, we saw $18 million of operating earnings favorability in the quarter and got a pretty much to flat on weather for the year. And relative to 2019, that was about $31 million favorable. We also saw some favorability at gas because it was cooler, the first part of the quarter and that was about $10 million, but for gas we're still down for the year on whether overall because we had a really warm first quarter.
Durgesh Chopra: And I am sorry, I missed that. Any sort of color in terms of what of the 120 million do we get in the Q2?
Jerry Norcia: We're tracking right on plan with each and every week. It's something that we track. So we're delivering the 120 on a ratable basis for the whole year at this point in time.
Durgesh Chopra: And just one quick follow up. In terms of upstream bankruptcies, I'm not sure if Chesapeake is actually a customer of yours or not, but any implications on existing pipeline contracts or any implications on just future growth plans, as a result of those?
Jerry Norcia: So, Chesapeake is not a customer of ours, so that will have no impact on our plans, as far as our other counterparties, they all appear to be in really good shape and are delivering on our commitments to us contractually. So we feel pretty good about the posture that our shippers are in at this point in time.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Sophie Karp with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Sophie Karp: A couple of questions actually. First, correct me if I'm wrong, but I think in the past your strategy has been that when you had gains due to weather, you would buy a lot your O&M, a little bit and vice versa to kind of shape your O&M spend with weather, a little bit. Is that different now because all of the contingencies due to COVID, are you effectively banking the weather benefits to kind of protect the earnings against the COVID? And who is that create greater O&M needs down the road? Just I guess that's a long way of asking that.
Jerry Norcia: So I think it's a great question. We have not walked away from our investment lean plans, as you described. So in times of favorability, we move to an invest mode, where we start to invest in maintenance that what otherwise have been done in subsequent years or we go lean. So initially here we went lean in a significant way sort of a deep lean if you'll of $120 million target that we have, and we're holding on to that right now. And also starting to think about how we can use some of the weather favorability to create pull forwards for 2021 and create contingencies for 2021. So there is a lot of pieces here that are coming together sort of our current lean actions that are tracking to plan, as well as weather favorability that we're seeing that we'll likely use to create headroom and contingencies in 2021.
Sophie Karp: And my other question is, could you maybe walk us a little bit through the cash flow impact of the alternative rate strategy in the Electric, when you skipping the rate case and you have some account - you had an accounting order that allowed you to protect or in future [technical difficulty] but how you support in your cash flows? What are the mitigating factors there during that time?
David Ruud: Sure. I can - I can take that. You're right. As we accelerate the amortization of ADIT regulatory liability about 108 million, that will give us the earnings without the cash. But part of the offset of that was our notification that we're going to file for securitization filing early in 2021 that would include some of the securitization for our tree trimming surge and the net book balance in our River Rouge. So that will help us remain roughly in the same cash position overall, as we get that securitization.
Sophie Karp: The same cash position versus 2020?
David Ruud: As we would have been in '21 with equivalent increase in rates.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of James Thalacker with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
James Thalacker: Don't want to beat the dead horse here because I think Shar and Julien asked the question, but just as you are talking about the $120 million contingency, Jerry, I thought you said that, you are looking at that sort of on a ratable basis even though you probably started putting that really into full mode probably starting in March, is that correct?
Jerry Norcia: We started in March, that’s correct. We started to deploy in March, billed at $120 million.
James Thalacker: So as we think about through the rest of the year, you still think that that $120 million is going to be sort of ratable from that point through the end of the year. In terms of how we are thinking about O&M offset, I guess, partially by probably some advanced spending as long as the weather stay sort of favorable as it has been so far.
Jerry Norcia: That's the right way to think about it. Yes.
James Thalacker: Okay. And then just the last question on that. I mean obviously adapting to COVID created a lot of different ways for work processes and people working at home, and I know that you're feeling comfortable, I guess into '21 on the O&M side. But if we think about that 120 outside of any sort of pull forward from weather from a sort of a new practice or COVID adaptation, how much of the 120 do you think is kind of ongoing as we look out to '21, '22 just from changing the way that you sort of run your business?
Jerry Norcia: James we put our team sort of dedicated to the exact profit and we’re in the middle of trying to understand how much of that 120, I can tell you into '21 and beyond in a long term basis. So we're definitely going to try and capture as much of that as possible. I don't have a definitive answer for you today. But I think as the year goes on, we'll have more and more answers on that as to how much that we build in to our future plans that will help customer affordability, as well as help advance some of our capital plans there that are necessary for our customers.
James Thalacker: And do you think you have a little more around, I guess, I know - the early look at EEI tends to be a little bit higher level, but do you think at EEI or - you'll have a little bit more on that or this going to be more of 4Q when you sort of roll out to full plan?
Jerry Norcia: I would say EEI we will have more information on this.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Fishman with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
David Fishman: Just a question on the functionality of the 30 million to 40 million bill relief during June, July. Is that primarily a one-time kind of margin decrease in 2020 and then they kind of reverts back in 2021 or is that mostly just a pass-through of lower fuel costs?
Jerry Norcia: That was a pass through David - fundamentally that's what it was for July and August. We were seeing favorability in our power supply recovery factor. And so we tried - decided to pass that on to our customers during the peak usage months and we - that was very well received by the commission as well as our customers.
David Fishman: And then regarding LEAP. Could you just remind us the initial expectation for the commercial operation date was that the end of the third quarter versus kind of August 1st now. And then just also if you're able to disclose about how much under budget did it come - come in?
Jerry Norcia: We're expecting that to come in online sometime in September, so middle to late September, and we've been able to pull that toward to August 1st, and you know the benefits of that will flow through our financial plans. Capital was under budget. We haven’t disclosed that just yet as we work through with our partners to make that understood and address all of that.
David Fishman: So is that then factored into the final payments that occurs. And is that due on kind of COD?
Jerry Norcia: It is. There is some benefits that are accrued to both parties depending on the final cost results. So we're working through all of that. But I can say this, it's certainly beneficial to us and beneficial to our customer.
David Fishman: And then - well, just the last thing from me. I just want to clarify a prior comment that I think I heard. So just talking about clean hydrogen, I know obviously it's extremely early, but is it fair to say that or are you indicating that GSP and maybe P&I's existing infrastructure might have a logical transition to using some clean hydrogen versus all natural gas at some point in the future?
Jerry Norcia: I would say all of our pipes business both the utility pipes, the utility has significant transmission and storage asset, as does GSP or non-utility and the Internet business. And I think, clean hydrogen, like you said, it is quite some time away, but we're starting to look at ways that perhaps we could start introducing products and services in both those entities. And then, as it relates to P&I, we're already in the renewable natural gas business. So we're developing a great understanding of that product, as we move forward with projects, as well as we're looking at potential opportunities for carbon sequestration. So I would say, the last two hydrogen and sequestration are early. But we're certain to work more deeply to understand what potential market opportunities there could be in the near term and medium term.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Andrew Weisel: Appreciate all the details you've given so far. I've only got one quick one here. What are your latest thoughts on wind versus solar in Michigan. I think you said the increment of 350 megawatt includes both in the past, you've been talking more about solar being where you'd see the majority of additional megawatts added. So how do you think is generally speaking about the opportunity for wind going forward?
Jerry Norcia: Well, we see our opportunities, Andrew going forward. I think you'll see in our later filings this summer, as it relates to our voluntary renewables program, you'll see that will be dominated by solar. We don't see much wind in the future at this point in time just for economic reasons. Solar costs have come down significantly. The tax credits associated with that business also provide significant competitive advantage, as it relates to wind. So we see most of our renewable development in the future being solar. We sold about 7 higher megawatts of voluntary renewables which is well above what we were forecasting. So you'll see our next filing later this summer try to address some of those supply needs that we've, which will be approximately 400 megawatts.
Andrew Weisel: And I'm sorry, that's in addition to the - to the 350 megawatts, which got approved?
Jerry Norcia: That's correct. We'll be seeking approvals for another 400 megawatts of renewables later this summer.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes our Q&A session for today. I will turn the call back over to Jerry Norcia for closing remarks.
Jerry Norcia: Well, thank you everyone for attending this morning. As you can see, we've had a great first six months of the year and setting up quite nicely for our results in 2020, and starting to build for our 2021 plan. So thank you again. And I hope to see you soon.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the DTE Energy First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your speaker for today, Barbara Tuckfield, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Barbara Tuckfield: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix of today's presentation. With us this morning are Jerry Norcia, President and CEO; and Peter Oleksiak, Senior Vice President and CFO, David Ruud, Senior Vice President and incoming CFO effective May 4. And now I'll turn it over to Jerry to start the call this morning.
Jerry Norcia: Well thanks, Barb, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. First off, I just want to say to everyone listening that I hope you and your families are healthy and safe. This is a very difficult time for everyone, and we are doing everything we can to try and help limit the pressures that all of our customers and communities are facing. I also want to thank the tireless efforts of our employees who are out there every day ensuring the community has safe and reliable service. We are holding this earnings call from separate locations as we follow our shelter-in-home guidelines. This morning, I'm going to provide details on how COVID-19 is affecting our business and what we are doing to respond to the challenges that it has presented. I'll also provide highlights on the progress of each of our business units. Then Peter will provide a review of our financials and then we'll wrap things up, before we take your questions. And I'll start on Slide 4. At the state level, a group of business leaders, medical experts and government officials have come together to develop recommendations on how to restart the Michigan economy as quickly and as safely as possible. Our executive chairman, Gerry Anderson, is the co-chair of this group that was set up by the governor. Our expectation is that the first part of May, the construction industry resumes its work and the autos and the other industrial companies start to resume operations later in May. Here at DTE, we plan to resume our construction and maintenance work. In the first part of May, I'll provide more detail on these plans a little later in the discussion. We're working very closely with state and local leaders as well as our regulators to respond to this crisis, in a way that is best for all of Michigan's residents. During these difficult times, regulators and companies can come together or they can come apart and in Michigan, we all have been working with our regulators and state government to come together during this pandemic. Let's talk about what our company is doing to respond to this crisis. Throughout the COVID-19 crisis, our priority has been the health and safety of our employees and customers. We are working on multiple fronts to ensure that everyone at DTE are safe. As we continue to deliver safe and reliable energy to our customers. We are also working to address the needs of our communities through philanthropy and volunteerism. As far as the impact that this crisis will have on DTEs financial plans, I would just say we are planning for a significant impact, although no one knows exactly how this will play out over the year, we believe we can mitigate the challenges to our original plan with management actions. I will go into more details on these actions in a few minutes, but I want to reassure you that we have a plan to achieve our financial targets. This plan allows us to reaffirm our original operating EPS, cash and capital guidance while maintaining a strong balance sheet and continue to offer a healthy 7% dividend increase this year. I'll provide more color on the assumptions in this plan and the biggest variables as we move deeper into the discussion. DTE has a proud heritage of routing at the toughest of times, whether we're dealing with catastrophic storms or economic crisis, in every case we emerged a better and stronger company. There's no doubt that the work required of us today sets us up for another successful decade. Let's move to Slide 5, as I talk more about our efforts fighting this pandemic. To ensure the safety and wellbeing of our employees, we implemented work from home in mid-March and currently we have over half of our employees working from home. This is going well in our systems and are working great in supporting our people. We sequestered key operating personnel in an orderly and prioritized way to ensure we had the right mix of operating personnel, continue with reliable and safe operations and we have also taken a pause in all non-residential work for some of our employees. To ensure that we are doing all we can to keep them safe as we gain further understanding of the virus. For our employees, who must leave their homes to perform essential service for our customers, a big thank you. They haven't missed a beat in the work they do and have maintained excellent operations. We have to equipped these employees with the proper protective equipment such as masks and protective suits for entering homes. We are performing our tasks with safe social distancing and are regularly sanitizing our facilities, trucks and pools. Every employee that leaves their home gets their temperature checked every day. We have created detailed return to work plans for our employees and we'll follow the guidance of our state leaders. As I mentioned, we are deeply involved in developing those practices. We will restart our construction and maintenance activities in early May, and ramp up through the month. We expect our office employees to remain at home into the summer as we determine when it is safe to return. We will continue all the safe practices I just mentioned, which have been very successful in mitigating the health impact of this virus for the thousands of DTE employees that leave their homes every day to perform their work. Now let's move to the next slide. From our community perspective, our foundation supporting the basic needs such as food and shelter, for over a 100,000 families funding more than 1 million meals to those who are in need and ensuring that families have access to core medical services. We created an emergency stabilization fund to aid non-profit organizations and small businesses. To-date we distributed more than 4,000 respiratory masks to The Detroit Police Department and over 900,000 respiratory masks in area hospitals and plan to deliver more of these critically needed masks. We're assisting faith based institutions which are a trusted resource for community members. I also have personally hosted many calls with faith based leaders and social agencies in order to more deeply understand the needs of the community. We are also partnering with the city of Detroit philanthropic organizations and business leaders with enhanced high-speed internet citywide and providing devices to over 50,000 students, ensuring they continue their education during these tough times. We are matching charitable giving of employees, contractors and DTE alumni to support nonprofit services. Our employees are virtually volunteering at different organizations, to the sister communities, while ensuring everyone's safety and wellbeing. Our employees have stepped up during this time to continue to do the work that is so critical for our communities. And that is to deliver reliable power to our customers in the safest way possible. I'm extremely proud of all of our DTE family. This is just another example of our employees coming together when it is most critical to respond to the needs of our communities. Now let's move to Slide 7, where I'll start to walk you through the expected impact of this pandemic on our business. We have spent a lot of time over the last few weeks understanding the potential financial impacts of the pandemic building and implementing a plan to react to these challenges. While we updated our forecast for the balance of the year, we looked at the potential sales impacts and additional costs associated with COVID-19 and also recognized that we were down in the first quarter against our plan due to warmer than normal weather along with other economic impacts, offset by favorability of the non-utilities. These changes are larger than the contingency that we normally carry in our annual plan. So, when we rolled all of this up, we saw $60 million of earnings pressure that we needed to offset. We wanted to work and create a new plan that not only (10:02) the $60 million shortfall but at least doubles this to buildup additional contingency to cover other potential impacts including potential slower return to work in Michigan causing even higher COVID-19 impacts. A potential cool summer and warm fall and our non-utilities only hitting their annual plan. Currently we are ahead of plan at our non-utilities and our assumption is that this favorability is held as contingency for the balance of the year. We feel that it's prudent to plan to cover potential earnings pressures from these items even though all of them may not occur. This is how we've been able to reliably deliver on earnings targets in the past. This is a conservative plan. We have over $2.5 billion O&M to manage through lean times as well as the benefit of investing incremental O&M ahead of schedule in previous years. We faced recessionary pressures before in 2008 and 2009 and we came through that time stronger than ever, achieved operating EPS and cost reduction targets and exceeded cash from operations guidance. We are facing similar pressures and I am confident that we have built a robust plan to respond to these challenges. On Slide 8, I will discuss the sales scenarios we created to understand the potential impacts of COVID-19 on our business. We have been putting together some recessionary scenarios based on assumptions of Michigan's timeframe of returning to work.  Our goal of these scenarios to size the impact and communicate that with you. However, we realized that no one knows for sure how this will evolve. Slide 8, lays out some of these assumptions for our two scenarios. One scenario assumes that our return to work begins in May. The second scenario assumes a slow start case. For our scenarios, we have the advantage of our advanced metering capabilities, which allows us to see sales changes real time. AMI data has given us great information on a daily basis and it really has been a powerful tool to give us insight into how this crisis is impacting our sales. I'll go over a few of the details of our May start scenario. Construction, manufacturing and outdoor businesses will begin to return to work in May and advance throughout the year, non-essential retail, restaurants and lodging start returning to work during the summer months. Non-essential office works starts later in the summer and universities and schools return to normal in the fall. The result of developing these scenarios is an estimated impact on our electric sales by each class. Now I'll go over these sales impacts. As you might expect, our residential load has been stronger with more people at home and it has increased by 10% to 11% in April. However, our commercial load has dropped by 16% to 18% and our industrial load has dropped by 40% to 46%. We believe we have seen the bottom for our load at this point.  Michigan remains under the stay-at-home order with only essential businesses operating and our load has been pretty consistent over the last several weeks. AMI data has allowed us to see the load by major customer class and the impacts by sub-segment within each of these categories, including groups like auto, hospitals, grocery stores and schools. This gives us some very powerful analytics to be able to understand what is happening with our load. We use these analytics and the insights from the return to work plan at the state level to come up with a forecast scenarios I've discussed on a previous slide and the impacts on earnings under each scenario. You can see on the slide the estimated electric sales impact from COVID-19 pandemic is $30 million to $50 million. Understanding that none of us know exactly how this will all play out. We estimate a range for each customer class using the parameters, so the two scenarios we laid out for residential, we estimate an increase of 3% to 4% for the year due to folks working from home part of the year. This increase in residential sales translates into an increase in earnings of $40 million to $50 million on an annual basis. For commercial sales, we estimate a decline of 6% to 9%, which translates to the decrease in earnings of $50 million to $75 million and finally on the industrial side, we estimate a decrease in sales of 18% to 22%. This translates to $20 million to $25 million in lower earnings for the year. We put this all together in a focused economic recovery plan to ensure that we can deliver within our guidance range. I'll discuss that plan more in a minute. Obviously many different scenarios could play out including ones that are more favorable or those that are less favorable. Under a less favorable scenario, you would have to reassess our economic recovery plans, ensure I could address all of the challenges, the pace of which load returns is one of the largest variables of our economic recovery plan. Let's turn to Slide 9. Our management team, typically conducts weekly reviews of our plan and in this time of economic stress we have been reviewing it daily. As we have discussed before, we have robust planning that includes starting every year with contingency across all business lines. We also have lean plans that we can pull off the shelf. While this year we needed to add additional steps to our process, including a daily executive management review of the current year financials and additional one-time actions to achieve our goals. Since much of the annual contingency will be used for weather this year, we will now work from our deeper lean playbook, which includes a list of one-time items to reduce cost in the near-term are not sustainable over the long-term. Some of the triggers that we will call include pausing on any new hires, minimizing overtime, producing contract and consultant spend and deploying our people into those required activities and deferring bank maintenance work that we accrued during the last three years. We are also able to reduce materials and support expenses, decrease travel expense, accelerate automation, work from home projects and postpone non-essential work always with maintaining safety as our highest priority. With all of these lean actions, I am confident we will achieve our financial goals for the year without sacrificing safety or customer service. Now, I will turn it over to Peter to share our financial results for the quarter, provide a snapshot of the financials for the remainder of the year. But before I do, I'd like to take this opportunity to thank him for his dedication to DTE over all these years. I'm sure you all know that Peter has decided to retire that year. I'm happy to see him get to pursue his life outside of DTE. We've had many good years together, and I'll miss him as a trusted leader. Good news is that he has agreed to stay on as an advisor as Dave Ruud transitions into the CFO role. With that, I'll turn it over to Peter.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks, Jerry, and thanks for those kind words, and good morning, everyone. First of all, I want to thank everyone for all the congratulations and well wishes I've received from so many of you. I've been fortunate to work closely with all of you over the years and appreciate the relationships we've built together. I'd also like to thank the DTE family with whom I've had spent over 20 years and I congratulate David Ruud on his appointment to the CFO role, and I will be fully supporting him during this transition. It's a little bittersweet to be on my last DTE earnings call, but I'm excited about this new chapter in my life. Now to my last update on my Detroit Tigers. My Detroit Tigers are keeping safe like everyone else, but also contributing to the community and COVID-19 response efforts. Now I'm looking forward to the MLB draft in June, where my Tigers have the number one pick, but I'm really looking forward to is we all can return safely back to the ballpark to watch a game. Let's move on to our financial plan update on Slide 10. Total earnings for the quarter were $320 million. This translates into $1.66 per share for the quarter. And you can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. Let me start my review at the top of the page with our utilities. Overall, this quarter was warmer than normal and was the sixth warmest on record. DTE Electric earnings were $94 million for the quarter, which was $53 million lower than 2019, largely due to warmer weather, non-qualified benefit plan investment losses and implementation of higher depreciation rates offset by a new rate implementation. Just a quick note on the benefit plan investment losses, since it was a big driver in the quarter, our non-qualified employee benefit plans are substantially funded and backed by investments similar to our pension plan. I like our pension plan. The investment changes are recognized immediately versus smooth over time. These investments were down approximately 15% in the quarter. Let's move down the page. DTE Gas operating earnings were $30 million lower in 2020. The earnings decrease is driven primarily by warmer weather. Let's keep moving down the page to our Gas Storage and Pipeline business on the third row. Operating earnings for our GSP segment were $72 million for the quarter. This is driven by our Blue Union acquisition and higher pipeline earnings at our other platforms. As a result, this quarter is up $24 million versus the first quarter of 2019. Our GSP business performed ahead of plan in the first quarter. On the next row, you can see our Power and Industrial business segment operating earnings were $30 million. Earnings were $4 million higher than the first quarter of 2019. This increase is due to the cogeneration and R&D projects offset by lower gas volumes. P&I also performed ahead of plan. On the next row, you can see our operating earnings at our Energy Trading business were $14 million. Earnings were $9 million higher in Q1 2020 compared to Q1 2019 due to Power portfolio performance. The appendix contains our standard Energy Trading reconciliation, showing both economic and accounting performance. Our Energy Trading business had a very strong first quarter. Finally, Corporate and Other was unfavorable $8 million in the first quarter of 2020 compared to the first quarter of 2019, and this is due primarily to the timing of taxes. I'd like to note that $27 million of the $54 million variance was anticipated in the plan. Overall, DTE earned $1.66 per share in the first quarter of 2020. Now let's move to Slide 11. As Jerry mentioned, we are well positioned to achieve our 2020 guidance. The assumptions underlying that comfort include Michigan starting to go back to work in mid-May, sales increasing for residential customers by 3% to 4% for the year, decreasing for commercial customers by 6% to 9%, and decreasing for industrial customers by 18% to 22%. Recovery will be slow and continue into 2021. Earnings over the balance of the year include our growth at our utilities from rate orders in May and September; contracted growth from our non-utilities, including our Blue Union-LEAP acquisition at GSP and RNG and cogeneration projects at P&I; and the execution of our economic response plan. Now let's move to Slide 12 to discuss the balance sheet. As you know, maintaining a strong balance sheet is always a priority for us. We continue to have a strong balance sheet, which gives us the ability to maintain our capital plans and liquidity position. Our treasury team acted at lightning speed to increase our liquidity when it was apparent that the financial markets would be choppy for some time to come. We have $3.2 billion of available liquidity as of April this year and that's up from $1.6 billion at the start of the year. This includes a significant credit facility backed by a portfolio of large banks. We issued $1.7 billion of long-term debt at DTE Electric in 2020 at extremely favorable rates, and secured big term loans for additional liquidity, which significantly mitigates commercial paper and capital markets risk. Moving onto the next slide, our leverage and cash flow metrics are within target ranges and we're planning on achieving our capital guidance. We will maintain solid investment-grade credit ratings and focus on our top-tier cash control management, and are targeting the low end of our 2020 equity range. Before I turn it over to Jerry to talk about our business update and wrap things up, I'd like to thank everyone listening in. It's been a great journey working here. And I may see some of you on the road in the future at your city's baseball stadium. Now I'll turn it back over to Jerry.
Jerry Norcia: Well, thank you, Peter, and I'll pick it back up on Slide 14. We've made a lot of progress in all of our businesses in the first quarter and I’ll be highlighting some of those successes on the next few slides. At DTE Electric, we're refilled our IRP back in March and the MPSC approved our plan, increasing our energy efficiency to 1.75% in 2020 and 2% in 2021, and filling our capacity need in 2030 for the mix of wind and solar. We filed our updated renewable plan this month. Also on the regulatory front, we expect to receive an electric rate order in early May, and through our conversations with the MPSC this rate order will not be delayed. We continue to expand our voluntary renewable program and currently we're ahead of our five-year plan we mentioned at EEI back in November of last year. In 2019, we added over 400 megawatts of voluntary renewable energy for our commercial customers and reached 10,000 residential customers who committed the voluntary renewable power. 2020 is off to a good start with General Motors subscribing an additional 250 megawatts. And we are ahead of pace of our five-year plan for voluntary renewables. We look forward to increasing our voluntary renewable base of customers and continuing to provide clean and reliable energy. Our Blue Water Energy Center, which is a 1,100 megawatt natural gas plant that we're building, is also progressing on plan. We're over 50% complete with an expected spring of 2022 in service date. It supports our carbon reduction plan by reducing our carbon emissions by 70% compared to the three coal plants that were retiring. Overall, I'm feeling confident that our Electric business will have another successful year in 2020. At DTE Gas, we received the approval from the Michigan Public Service Commission and our first gas transmission renewal project. Project is in a design phase and construction should begin mid-summer of this year. We put a pause in our main renewal project and expect to resume work in May. Last year we completed 180 miles of main renewal. We are targeting approximately 180 to 200 miles this year. Overall, these projects showcase DTE Gas’ commitment to provide safe and reliable service to our customers, including our commitment to 80% methane reduction by 2040. Now let’s move to Slide 15. Our non-utilities continue to perform well and are on track to achieve 2020 targets and are well positioned to deliver the long-term growth we have laid out. As Peter mentioned, they really proved to be very valuable and are currently ahead of plan. At our Gas Storage and Pipeline business, the integration of our Haynesville asset is going very well. The investment is performing as expected and the LEAP pipeline is on track to be completed on time in the third quarter of this year. The GSP business is producing strong adjusted EBITDA in 2020 with a range between $665 million to $703 million. Our assets are well positioned and are supported by strong contracts, and our producers are drilling according to their original schedules. We continue our due diligence and review our producer's credit metrics and model their liquidity and ensure that producers are paying their bills. Our fixed fees are supported by the fact that the majority of our producers in 2020 are 85% hedged at approximately $2.75 and 50% hedged in 2021 at $2.65. We were also encouraged with the strengthening of the gas price complex in 2020, 2021 and 2022. 85% of GSP’s revenue is covered by fixed revenue contracts, deploying gas over a three-year period. Our major producers are in solid positions, are highly hedged over the next couple of years, connected to premium markets, have minimal near-term maturities and our contract structure is robust and includes demand fees, MVCs and credit provisions. In addition, longer-term natural gas supply and demand fundamentals remain attractive. We believe the supply correction for natural gas has started with the reduction of drilling activity, especially in the oil basins with associated gas. Gas demand is forecasted to grow 2% through 2030, mainly driven by LNG exports. Wood Mackenzie expects supply to come from areas where our assets are located, including the Northeast and Gulf Coast. While the demand is forecasted to grow, supply will be pressured to remain flat. Given declined profiles of flowing wells, 19 Bcf a day of new production is needed just to keep supply flat. Current low oil prices will decrease oil production and associated natural gas production to positively affect us due to our position in the dry natural gas market. With that said, we continue to focus on organic growth and value creation from these and our other well positioned platforms. Now let's move to Slide 16 and discuss our Power and Industrial business. At P&I, we continue to focus on the development of RNG and cogen businesses for driving long-term earnings to backfill the sunsetting REF projects. Wisconsin RNG and Ford Motor projects are fully operational this quarter. We originated our targeted earnings since 2017 and are targeting $15 million in new projects per year, and there is a good pipeline of projects that we are reviewing. Business holds up well in recessionary times and we didn't see much variability in the 2008 and 2009 recession. Going forward we will continue to develop additional RNG and cogeneration projects with additional targets in early screening. The de-carbonization across the Energy sector continues to support RNG development and we'll bring other associated opportunities for our P&I business. Now let's move to Slide 17 to wrap things up. Overall, we have been presented with some significant challenges in the first quarter related to warmer than normal weather and the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic. As you would expect, our leadership team and our company sprang into action to rapidly respond to these challenges. We have modeled the depth of the crisis and created ranges of possible impacts. We are fortunate to have AMI data, which allows us to understand current impact and calibrate our modeling assumptions going forward. At a detailed level, we have created a viable response to the impact on our earnings and cash as it relates to these scenarios, which gives us the confidence that we will deliver on our 2020 targets. We will execute this recovery by focusing on the safety and wellbeing of our employees, providing support to our customers and addressing our community's most vital needs and continue our track record of delivering for our shareholders, while maintaining strong credit metrics and a strong balance sheet. With that, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning and we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, good morning, guys.
Jerry Norcia: Hey, good morning, Shar.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning.
Shar Pourreza: So just a couple of questions here. First, you do call out that $60 million headwind with plans to sort of offset that in Slide 7. Just what scenario from Slide 8 are you embedding in the $60 million assumption for the year? Is it the May? Is it the slow start scenario? And does sort of that $60 million offset get you to the midpoint of the 2020 guidance range assuming normal weather, obviously?
Jerry Norcia: So, great question, Shar. So I'll start by saying, it does address the May start in terms of earnings impacts from sales reductions. So the $60 million just to go through it, deals with the COVID sales reduction at $30 million, the incremental costs associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. It also incorporates the results of the first quarter that were driven by weather and the trust performance as well as the durability of the non-utilities and also considers the original contingency in the plan. So that delivers the $60 million earnings pressure that we have to go and find and replace with further contingency development, as well as we're also considering further delay the other $20 million in our contingency development and potentially unfavorable weather in the summer and fall. So those are the things that we're building in addition to the $60 million. So we're going to build a response of $60 million. In addition to that, we're going to build contingency around that $60 million to address potential further degradation and sales or unfavorable weather.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. And, Shar, this is Peter. I mean that the contingency build is going to be about – it’s about double that $60 million. So we understand there's uncertainty in the plan. So we’re going to be developing contingency really to cover that.
Shar Pourreza: And then just the normal weather, if we assume normal weather and summer weather does return are you comfortable sort of with the midpoint of that earnings guidance?
Jerry Norcia: Yes, we're comfortable with the midpoint and we're actually even building contingency beyond the $60 million, Shar, to accommodate things like cooler than normal weather or perhaps a warm fall.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. And then the detailed lean plan is targeting that $2.5 billion O&M budget. With sort of those lean actions you guys guide to on Slide 9, that's embedded in the $60 million offset. Do you need to sort of rebuild this contingency throughout the remainder of 2020? How much of it is sort of locked down and how much of that sort of O&M budget you expect to flex as one-time? Is there any of it that could be perpetual for sort of forecasting purposes? And maybe just a little bit more specificity and I guess any dollar amounts on that $2.5 billion budget you think in collects?
Jerry Norcia: Well, as Peter mentioned, our target to build contingency is approximately $120 million to $130 million, which is much more than $60 million. And the reason we're doing that is to ensure that we have plenty of contingency in our $60 million go debt. And the tactics that we'll be using will be delaying additional hiring, minimizing overtime, reducing our contractor and consultant spend and really deploying our people into that work. As well as, Shar, we've developed a deferred – we've developed a bank of maintenance work over the years that we can now defer without sacrificing safety or service. We'll also be looking at other items such as reducing materials and support expense. Those are the big items and we've got a very detailed plan. I will tell you that – $3 million of contingency built.
Peter Oleksiak: And Shar, you've also asked about the nature of the one-time nature, how much is sustainable, right?
Shar Pourreza: Right. Right.
Peter Oleksiak: Right now, most of these are – majority of these are going to be one-time in nature. We know we had to bridge between rate cases and we plan on filing another case in the summer. So and with the 10-month process, we know we'll get trued up on sales then. Not to say that, as we do these, as there are new efficiencies and productivity, they can make more sustainable and we've definitely would like to do that, that provide more headroom for capital investment.
Shar Pourreza: Terrific. And then just lastly on sort of the equity, I mean, you obviously mentioned in the slides, you're at the low end of guidance in 2020. How do we sort of think about equity needs in 2021? Does that increase the equity needs in 2021? The reason why I say is that there was obviously some – a little bit of credit rating pressure in recent months with DTE. And I think agencies are somewhat not comfortable with the level of the midstream exposure. What do you sort of need to do to offset the concerns there? Do you need more equity down the line? So how do we sort of think about the equity guide beyond 2020?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. Shar, this is Peter, again. First on the rating agencies, I know we had a recent action by Fitch, which was anticipated. We have a strong investment credit rating across all the agencies now. They're all at the same level with cushion with them all. Our plan is not actually to use that cushion. We really want to keep a strong balance sheet as we move into these are more uncertain times. So we are driving to the low end of the targeted range. So we have $100 million to $300 million range here in 2020, and that's not going to be deferring equity into next year, it's really going to be based on the strength of cash and the balance sheet cut for this year. And we do have some plans. I mean, we talked about the earnings, continuously we're building. We're also looking at cash as well because now we would like to where we can minimize the equity for this year.
Shar Pourreza: Terrific. Peter, congrats on phase two. I know it's not a goodbye, so I'll just tell you, I'll see you later. Thanks again, guys.
Peter Oleksiak: I appreciate it.
Shar Pourreza: Thank you.
Operator: Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse, your line is open.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning.
Michael Weinstein: Just to be clear, I just want to make sure that the guidance does hold up under the slow start scenario. I want to make sure I'm clear on that. And also, what is the monthly degradation rates for the summer under the slow start scenario? I assuming things drag on.
Jerry Norcia: So I guess the answer to the first question, Michael, is yes, the guidance does hold up under the slow start scenario. We've modeled that way and we've also modeled our contingency built that way. So we're comfortable that the plan that we have today can deliver under the May start and the slow start. We've given the annual impact on Slide 8 from sales reductions. We really haven't – we've modeled – we've got various scenarios and abandoned scenarios that get you between the May start and slow start scenario on a monthly basis, but we haven't laid that out here.
Michael Weinstein: And how much of that $120 million to $130 million contingency that you're planning on is coming from CapEx postponements versus OpEx cuts?
Jerry Norcia: We're maintaining our capital guidance. So we basically pause some of our capital projects, as you can imagine, due to the shelter at home order from the Governor. But we're resuming our construction activity here in May and we plan to catch up on our capital investments and deliver on our capital guidance for the year.
Michael Weinstein: And is there – has the IRP, the new, the refiled IRP and also our new renewable plant that filed, has any of that changed any of the CapEx or cap going forward?
Jerry Norcia: It has not changed the CapEx plan going forward. As a matter of fact, the IRP recently got approved and we filed our contracts associated with our renewables plan. We expect approvals of that in July. We feel good about that as well, and that's both a self build and some amount of PPAs.
Michael Weinstein: And just to confirm, it sounds like things are moving along pretty well with Gas Storage and Pipeline business. But just want to confirm that in the Haynesville especially, that current forward curve for gas which is building is supportive of growth users your producer customers, long-term growth plans are supported by the forward curves?
Jerry Norcia: Yes. The positive for the Pipeline and Storage business in the first quarter is that it's delivered better than plan for the first quarter. And so that's been a positive start to the year. And if you look at Slide 29, and you talked about the price complex in the gas business, you'll see that the reason that the price complex is being influenced in a positive way is that the associated gas at the front end of that dispatch curve is expected to decline in terms of production volumes. And what that does is it starts to – on that cost curve, it starts to slide, you're right, in order just to replace a supply that’s slowing today. So the pricing that's in the market today and what our producers are hedged at is well to the right of where our resources dispatch. So you can see, for example, the blue is our Haynesville assets and you can see there at the very front of the dry gas dispatch curve well within the current price complex for both 2020, 2021 and 2022. So we're feeling that our resources that we ship on our pipelines are extremely well positioned in all our basins that we operate in.
Michael Weinstein: Helps the dry gas basins.
Jerry Norcia: Yes. It also helps the high quality resources.
Michael Weinstein: All right. Thank you very much.
Jerry Norcia: Thanks Michael.
Operator: Julien Dumoulin-Smith with BofA, your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning team, and Peter, congratulations.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning, Julien. Thanks.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning. Absolutely. So, okay, let's do a little cleanup following some of these questions. So if I can go back to the ongoing nature of the cost reductions that you just alluded to or was talking about that in grays, how do you think about balancing the ongoing elements of this cost reduction relative to rate increases and how that frames your future CapEx setting given what that implies for rate increases? So I know that applies more holistically to the industry, but since we’re specifically talking about cost reduction today and what the shape of that looks like? Can you speak to that a little bit? And especially in the context of, it seems like you all are very specifically confident about being able to catch up on your contemplated CapEx in 2020 despite some of the hurdles here, which is impressive. So just want to talk about the other side of that on recovery, et cetera.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. As it relates to the cost, Julien, I think you know that we've got a long track record of managing our costs to our customers and also managing rates and bills, at rates less than inflation over a great number of years. And we will continue with that. This event has presented a unique challenge where we have to pursue some one-time items to reduce us. But like Peter said, we will have the opportunity perhaps, as we go forward here to persist with some of those costs reductions. And if that happens, what that'll do is it'll provide more headroom in our investment plans. I think we've mentioned before that we've got $2 billion of capital sitting on the sidelines, looking for affordability headroom. Well, I think this event may provide the opportunity to bring some of that in as we go forward, but the first thing we need to do is secure this year. And then as we look forward, we'll look to see if some of these costs reductions provide an opportunity for us.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay, fair enough. And then turning to the other side of the business here on the non-reg side, can you talk to what the implications of higher gas prices are? And I know you've already done that so – or thus far in the conversation. Can you speak specifically to incremental opportunities, right? So I suppose the perception is that this is largely de-risking to counterparties, et cetera. And how does this potentially crude to your trajectory in that business altogether when you think about it?
Jerry Norcia: We're seeing that most of our growth, Julien, in the pipeline business has been contracted over the next three years. But we're seeing a lot of action in the Haynesville were small projects that are starting to emerge. The fact that we will have a pipeline that can move significant volumes from North to South and it could be doubled in capacity very economically. It's also starting to show signs of promise in terms of opportunity so early to tell since we're new in that basin. But I think we're starting to see some really positive movement and potential growth there. And they will be small projects with very high IRS so very accretive. We've also seen movement on Nexus. We've seen some very positive movement there with customers showing interest and also a value – valuing up, the value of that pipeline valuing up in the short-term markets and even in the medium term markets. And even on our Bluestone asset, which is mature, we're starting to see some activity there as well. So, I think it's positive that the price complex is moving in the right direction and I think that will help to propel some of our developments.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So thank you all very much. Take care.
Jerry Norcia: Thanks Julien. Thank you.
Operator: Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Stephen Byrd, your line is open. Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jonathan Arnold: Hi, good morning guys.
Jerry Norcia: Hi. Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: Thank you for the detail and Peter, congratulations from me.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks.
Jonathan Arnold: Just quick question. Just you mentioned both GSP and P&I were ahead of plan in the first quarter. Can you be a bit more specific on what drove that variability versus plan?
Peter Oleksiak: Well, ahead of – pipeline of stores was ahead of plan primarily due to favorable volumes in all our platforms, our platforms as well as our gathering pipelines. So we're seeing favorability there in that regard. At P&I, it was primarily driven by the new projects that we brought online showing some favorability.
Jonathan Arnold: And given the nature of those, Jerry, I'm just curious just what's the source of variability there?
Jerry Norcia: I would say that the pipeline capability, unless there's other events that undo that for the balance of the year, we plan to hold on to that favorability for the balance of the year, a great contingency in the plan. We're not completely counting on that, Jonathan. So we're building consistency in and around both the pipeline business and P&I business in order to have a conservative outcome for the balance of the year. So we've got approximately about $30 million of favorability in the first quarter for our non-utilities. And we're not going to count on all of that for the balance of the year and build some contingency around that $30 million.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, great. Thank you. And then just to the assumption you have around residential sales, actually before that, are you making any – what are you assuming around natural gas and how significant is that to your contingency plan for the current situation or are you primarily focused on weakness in electric sales?
Jerry Norcia: Well, our – in the pipe, you talked about the natural gas utility, Jonathan?
Jonathan Arnold: Yes, yes.
Jerry Norcia: We are seeing modest impact on the natural gas utility from this COVID-19 experience primarily because most of it has happened beyond the first quarter. So we don't see much of an impact for the balance of the year. The primary pressure is coming from the electric company in terms of sales…
Jonathan Arnold: The 3% to 4% increase in annual electric sales. And I think you mentioned that you're currently seeing them sort of up 10% to 11% in April. Can you just help us sort of bridge to how you have confidence that that number is as high for the year as a whole. When you're assuming that we kind of – it will have effectively been a month or two at home and then starting to kind of move back.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. We are very close to the plans that the state is developing in terms of return to work. And so we have a pretty good understanding as to when office workers will return to work as well as when industrial workers will return to work. So we understand that schedule, that's being planned and obviously we've modeled scenarios around those returning to work plans, both a May start scenario, as we call it, and a slow start. And so what we do is we migrate our residential sales from 10% to 11% higher than planned here in April and part of May and then we slowly start to drift that down back towards normal by the end of the year. With the milestones embedded in the plan that we are aware of from the state.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. So there's an element of the summer and air conditioning seasonal which helps…
Jerry Norcia: Yes. The expectation is that the office workers return to work in our offices later in the summer, they won't be first out of the gate because on a risk basis, they are viewed as very high risk because they operate in very close quarters and highly congested environments. So the state then the medical experts in the state believe that the office workers going to be the last to return to their office complexes.
Jonathan Arnold: Great. Thank you for the extra color.
Operator: Andrew Weisel with Scotia, your line is open.
Andrew Weisel: Hey, good morning everyone.
Jerry Norcia: Hey, good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: I want to echo the congratulations to Peter on a fantastic run at DTE, through good times and bad, you kept things stable. Dave, congrats to you as well, you have big shoes to fill, but at a minimum at least the earnings calls will be one minute shorter, so we don't have to hear about Detroit Tigers off-season anymore.
Jerry Norcia: Yes, that’s true.
Andrew Weisel: So first question, I just want to clarify the $30 million to $50 million potential impacts from COVID, does that means $30 million would be the May start scenario and $50 million would be the slow start or is that just kind of the range for the May scenario?
Jerry Norcia: $30 million as the sales impact for the May start scenario and $50 million as the sales impact with a slower start scenario.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, great. Just wanted to be clear on that. And in terms of the contingency, can you compare the $120 million to $130 million to what you were able to cut in 2008, 2009 if you had the memory to get that back that far?
Jerry Norcia: Well, it's a similar, we targeted back in 2008 and 2009 $150 million, but that was a pretax, so this is $120 million to $130 million after tax. But we are a much larger company at this point in time and have a much larger base to pursue.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. And then on the IRP, congrats on getting the modified version approved. Can you remind us and walk us through the changes you made, particularly on the self-build generation side? And what would happen if the economic downturn is deeper and longer lasting? Is there a risk to the plan to add a lot of generation capacity?
Jerry Norcia: Well, we are actually ahead of plan on our voluntary renewables. We had planned to sign up about 600 megawatts over the next three or four years, and I'm happy to report with the most recent just weeks ago from General Motors to sign up for another 250 megawatts of voluntary renewables. Then we were actually at 650 megawatts of sold against the target of 600, which was a three or four-year target. So we're well ahead of plan on this. And so that's quite exciting. And we continue to market the product. Obviously, our marketing efforts and sales efforts have slowed a bit here but we plan to resume in the summer. A great amount of interest in this product from both our industrial customers as well as our commercial and residential customers. In terms of what we filed for self build, we filed 325 megawatts of self build, which is a wind park. And also, we signed some PPAs for solar to meet our 15% requirement. That's our RPS requirement for here in Michigan, 15% by 2021. That's what it will fill that requirement, the 650 megawatts of voluntary, we had 400 of that approved last year. And so this summer, we will be pursuing 350-megawatt filing with some self-build – with lot of sell build and some PPAs.
Andrew Weisel: Very good. And then just the last…
Jerry Norcia: Which supports our – sorry, which supports our capital plan long-term. Yes, all of that supports our capital plan long-term.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. And then lastly, just to be abundantly clear, can you describe – do you have any appetite for potential additional midstream M&A given the turmoil in that space?
Jerry Norcia: We've essentially, what I would say, they filled the order book for acquisitions and the pipeline space. We are in the process now really digesting what we own. We acquired Haynesville asset, we got the linked asset and we have NEXUS those are all sort of new platforms, if you will. And we're going to pursue highly accretive and high return, expansions and organic developments in and around those platforms. That's our plan right now.
Andrew Weisel: Sounds good. Thank you.
Jerry Norcia: Yes. Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research, your line is open.
Steve Fleishman: Hey, good morning. Thank you.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Steve.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Hey, Jerry. And congrats Peter again. Best of your lucks. The April data that you provided, do you have just like overall sales when you net for the company, for that deal.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. The total – this is Peter. Yes, the total loan was down 16% to 18%.
Steve Fleishman: Down 16% to 18%?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. Yes.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then just the – could you give any update on what you're seeing in terms of customer payments and any non-payments and then may be tie into that this uncollectibles deferral that the commission proposed and any kind of cost related component to that, too? So two questions in there.
Peter Oleksiak: Sure. Thanks, Steve, for those questions. So I’ll start with what we’ve done for our customers. We’ve suspended our for our low income customers and our senior vulnerable customers till the first week of June. And that's something that we work very closely with the Michigan Public Service Commission on, so total alignment in that regard. In terms of arrears, Steve, we watch that daily every morning in our financial call, one of the first things we look at is arrears and it has started to move, but not in a fundamental way but we're planning that it may as part of our contingency build. Now that the positive here is that the commission issued an accounting order that allows us to defer those expenses. And we have filed for cash recovery of those expected expenses in our gas case, which is under way right now. And we will look to file for recovery of those cash expenses in the electric case that we file later this summer. So we have an accounting deferral and then followed by cash recovery in future cases.
Steve Fleishman: And that’s why you are assuming that’s embedded in your plan?
Jerry Norcia: That’s embedded. And that’s very constructive. Back in 2008 and 2009, we did have a track in the gas, but not the electric. So it really – the commission, we can really work with them around our disconnect strategy with these customers with a very constructive order for us. And it really does cap the amount of exposure we have on uncollectibles.
Steve Fleishman: And then I think there was some talk in the CMS call yesterday about there could be like cost offset to the deferral though. Could you talk about that at all? Is that something you need to monitor?
Jerry Norcia: Sure. The commissioning indicated that they would consider extraordinary costs related to this pandemic things like cost sequester employees and hotels, cost for a home reserve, workforce and also cost for incremental PPE. So they have asked us to make a filing to take all of those costs into consideration. So, that will be a case for future, something that we'll have to look for in the future.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, Steve, that's separate from the uncollectible. Uncollectible can stand alone. They're asking for comments now around potential deferment of real direct COVID-19 related costs.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Last question is just if – it's hard to compare exactly, but it does seem like your sales sensitivity is a little bit less than CMS sales sensitivity. Do you have any way to kind of maybe better explain that? Do you have higher fixed charges, maybe or some other component there?
Jerry Norcia: Peter, any thoughts on that?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. One of the things that's embedded in here, and I know we've had some questions on the residential. The residential increase, we're saying is 2% to 4%. And obviously, less than the commercial/industrial down, but 1% change in residential is about $15 million positive for us. And it's about 2.5 times commercial and 15 times industrial. So I think we have been done a really detailed job of forecasting out for the whole year, the residential. And we did see residential up even in the first quarter, 2%, that really related to that March shelter-in-place. So I think that's some of the difference. And I think that's also a difference back in 2008 and 2009, we had a housing crisis back then. We did see residential decline. So that's – it really is offsetting and the overall load reduction, even though we're down 6% to 8%, the residential is really helping to net some of that exposure down.
Steve Fleishman: Great. Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Ryan Levine with Citi, your line is open.
Ryan Levine: Good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Ryan Levine: What are you seeing or what's your EBITDA and CapEx for the midstream business this quarter? And where did you see the favorable variance in terms of which asset?
Jerry Norcia: Well, I’ll start with – where we saw the variability, we saw it across all platforms. We saw positive movement, as I mentioned in our Haynesville platform as well as our NEXUS platform and Vector platform, which go together as well as our Bluestone assets and Millennium assets. So we – again, it was across all platforms. In terms of the EBITDA for the first quarter, Peter, is that something that you have any color?
Peter Oleksiak: We don't, we haven't broken that out yet. We've recently introduced this EBITDA overall for the year. But it's, it is proportional to the earnings I'd say. So, we did see some EIBTDA increase as well while with those earnings. Well, maybe something in the future that is big enough so we're not breaking it up.
Ryan Levine: Okay, great. Appreciate that. And then recognizing your Haynesville contract structure, are you and your customers considering a mutually beneficial delay to the expansion? That's expected for next quarter?
Jerry Norcia: We are not. The construction of that pipeline is progressing on plan and actually our customers are very excited to start shipping gas on that pipeline. So, none of those recessions are happening.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then just to follow up on the bad debt expense, is there any data points that you could point us to quantify the recent uptick that you noticed?
Jerry Norcia: It's modest, the up-tick. So we're watching it daily, right? We have the instruments to be able to watch it daily. And I would not say that it's pressuring UCX at the moment. But then again, we're not, early in the aging buckets, as you know. The more the accounts age, the higher the reserve, so we're early in a – do expect some pressure there, but we have an accounting order that differs that expense and it gives us the opportunity to recover it in future rate cases.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then to me you mentioned that you can't, you're not disclosing the quarter EBITDA. Are you able to share, the CapEx spend for the quarter.
Jerry Norcia: Peter?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. We have not provided that and maybe something I got Barb on the line, we could see what we have, we can go ahead with public documents that potentially we can connect it to. Do you have that number.
Barbara Tuckfield: We did provide the non-utility CapEx of 338 for the quarter.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. Told you we did.
Ryan Levine: Okay. Thank you.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks.
Operator: Okay, thanks Sophie Karp with KeyBank. Your line is open.
Sophie Karp: He guys, thanks for squeezing me in. A couple of questions here.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning. 
Sophie Karp: Good morning, yes. On the customer non-payments potentially, right. And I know it's been deferred for, from the accounting order and it looks like you can recover that cash quite quickly because of your cadence of rate cases, but just give us something that we shouldn't be concerned as far as balance sheet pressures as a results of that or is it something that you're looking into?
Jerry Norcia: Well, we've modeled the cash that comes along with prior arrears of bad debt expense and our corresponding actions to respond to that pressure, involve a lot of cash actions. So, we believe that the offset will come through our cash initiatives and earnings initiatives. Most of our earnings initiatives are cash initiatives as well. So, that $120 million that we're targeting will offset any pressure that we may see from arrears.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. And this is Peter and I guess Sophie, just to add to that we are seeing the stimulus package from cash upside for us. The tech AMT is going to be accelerated, if you recall back in 2018 AMT was eliminated with a three year refund of us. And it got accelerated to two. So, just one example, it's at about $75 million of capability that's what we're going to continue to look for opportunities on the cash side as well. And we are modeling both earnings and cash with uncollectibles separate and our goal would be to offset that cash impact.
Sophie Karp: Got it. Of those things that you realized this year that one tiny that you're talking about, how much of that could be kind of sticking in the run rate going forward as opposed to just, being a onetime going lean and then going back to some baseline?
Peter Oleksiak: Well, that's a great question because we’ve had this same discussion in 2008, 2008 when we started a similar initiative. What started out as a one time items over time we were able to convert some portion of that into permanent cost reductions, which of course creates a benefit for our customers. And with our aging infrastructure it gives us headroom to invest without creating affordability pressure for our customers. So, I view it as a positive over time, but it's hard to quantify right now because we're early and somebody of these one-time items. But our goal will be to try and use this opportunity to create headroom in the future.
Sophie Karp: Got it. And the last one for me maybe given that the topography of your gas network, right in Marcellus is there any incentive at all for some of you off takers to potentially inject their contract with you guys in favor of maybe other owned to markets, if they were to become financial distress to a proactively seeking some better earnings?
Jerry Norcia: Well, we've looked at that very closely, especially when the gas complex was heavily pressured from a price perspective. What we look at is obviously a lot of the – of our customers are captive to our system because of the infrastructure. The infrastructure, it's hard to reproduce, to deliver, to source and deliver the gas to locations that are being sourced and delivered to. So that's one. Two, we also look at the competitive nature of our contracts in terms of pricing and we're very competitive with all our contracts. Three our contract structure is very strong and has strong credit provisions in it as well.
Sophie Karp: Got it. Thank you very much. Appreciate the color.
Jerry Norcia: Thanks Sophie.
Operator: David Fishman with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
David Fishman: Hey, good morning Peter. David congratulations. Just going back to the IRP and specifically kind of the RFP results you guys laid out there. I know you touched upon this a little bit when you were talking about the wind that you're going to self build and own in the solar, which is going to enable more PPAs. I was hoping you can maybe walk us through kind of how you see DTEs competitive position compared to other bidders when it comes to wind versus solar.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. We in this most recent filing, which was a compliance filing at the meter a renewable standard in 2021, we were very competitive with our wind resources and, so we had that project well-developed. It was a self build and we actually developed it from scratch. So that was a very competitive project. We also layered in some solar PPAs that were very competitive. So, basically what we did is what was right for our customers. We offered the most competitive product, well, the combination of self build and solar. In the future we will likely be focused on solar. And at this point we feel really good that we could be competitive with self build, but we'll also introduce PPAs where it's beneficial to our customers. So, we'll always do what's right for our customers in the long-term. And that – so far that's supporting our capital plans in this space and overall.
David Fishman: Okay. That makes sense. And turning a little bit to the voluntary commitments, as you mentioned earlier, you've already kind of sourced some 600 or so megawatts by the early 2020s, which is what you've been showing in your slide deck. I think when I went through the IRP, I saw through 2024 it was more of a 790 megawatt kind of expectation number. Would that be upside to the capital plan you kind of outlined for us? Or is the closer to 800-megawatt number for the voluntary segment? What you guys are embedding or is that upside in the capital budget?
Peter Oleksiak: I believe there could be upside in this space simply because, we had planned to sell 600 megawatts in three years and we're at 650 sold now in the first year. So, we seem to be selling the product faster than we expected. Now well, whether or not that continues remains to be seen, but there's tremendous interest in this product. Even at a residential level, we've sold 10,000 contracts already for this product. And we're also targeting smaller commercial and industrial customers who may have an interest in this space. But certainly, I would say there's, the wins in our sales on this one. There's a great desire for this type of product in our communities.
David Fishman: And do you have more flexibility on that to pretty much, is it guaranteed it's more self build on the voluntary side or do you go through a similar RFP process that was outlined 
Jerry Norcia: We're going to go through a similar RFP process and obviously we want to compete and build as much as we can, but there are times when other developers can offer as competitive of a product as we can offer and we'll take those as well. But we certainly target to build as much of it as we can. But then we have to be realistic and know that there are others that perhaps have small advantages that we'd like to take advantage of for our customers.
David Fishman: Got it.
Jerry Norcia: Well, we think there's plenty of build out here that – plenty of build out here that will support our capital plans.
David Fishman: Got it. Thank you. Appreciate taking the question.
Operator: We have time for one final question. Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Your line is open. 
Anthony Crowdell: Good morning guys. Peter, congratulations. It's probably been a while since our a first quarter call. The tigers weren’t eliminated from post-season play.
Peter Oleksiak: We have no losses this year
Anthony Crowdell: No losses this year. Just most of my question's been answered. If I could just jump to I guess your GSP assets, especially – specifically on in the Eastern region. There have been multiple delays on getting other pipes built over in the East Coast. Have you seen any increase in customers looking to subscribe to any of your assets on the East Coast? And if you want to opine, do you think those assets get built anymore? I guess any more assets get built on the East Coast?
Jerry Norcia: Well, let me start with our assets, Anthony. We are seeing more activity on all our assets. We've actually seen some nice favorable movement on pricing in NEXUS as well as interest levels but primarily interest level on NEXUS has been demand pull. Initially the pipe was built with a combination of supply push and demand pull, producers putting gas into the pipe under long term contracts. And then of course LDC is pulling it off the other end under long-term contracts. We're starting to see a lot, a few more LDCs show up and signing some contracts as well as some power plants along the road, and industrial customers that we've connected to NEXUS, so that – all of that has been quite positive. In terms of the pipelines going East Coast, it really remains to be seen. It's been a long time in them getting their approvals and I believe that some of it, some of that infrastructure would get built. I'm not sure that all of it will be built. But I think that it was all positive for us in terms of how that may play out over time, whether it's just delay or perhaps with some of the infrastructure doesn't get built.
Anthony Crowdell: Thanks for taking my question and hope everybody stays healthy.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you. Same to you Anthony.
Operator: This ends our Q&A session. I would now like to turn the call back over.
Jerry Norcia: Well. Thank you Jack, and thank you everyone for joining us today. Again, I hope that everyone and their loved ones are healthy and safe. We are living in challenging times and I believe DTE has the people and the plans to deliver this year and also to deliver our long-term plan. So with that stay healthy and stay safe.
Operator: This concludes the DTE Energy first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Barbara Tuckfield. Please go ahead.
Barbara Tuckfield: Good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statement. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings, provided in the appendix of today’s presentation. With us this morning are Jerry Norcia, President and CEO, and Peter Oleksiak, Senior Vice President and CFO. And now, I’ll turn it over to Jerry to start the call this morning.
Jerry Norcia: Well thanks Barb, and good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us today. At this morning, I’m going to give you a recap of our 2019 business performance and provide you highlights on how we are well positioned for future growth. Then, I’ll turn it over to Peter, who’ll provide a financial review of the year and wrap things up before we take any questions. So, let’s start over on Slide 4. 2019 was another successful year with many great accomplishments, including strong operational and financial performance. I’d like to thank all of our employees for their hard work that they contributed to achieving this success. We achieved strong financial results in 2019 with operating EPS of $6.30. We were able to increase our guidance twice in 2019 and still beat our last updated guidance midpoint. 2019 EPS results provided 9% growth from our original 2018 guidance and 2019, was the 11th consecutive year, we exceeded our operating EPS original guidance. We also increased our dividend by 7% for the fourth year in a row, and we are targeting 7% dividend growth through 2021. When it was announced that I was taken over as the CEO role, I said that we will continue to sharpen our focus on the priorities that have driven our success, and I’m confident in our ability to continue to focus on employee engagement culture that drives service excellence, which in turn, helps us deliver distinctive shareholder returns. On the next slide, I’ll turn my focus to 2020 and beyond. With a strong 2019 behind us, I’m confident that 2020 is going to be another successful year. Our 2020 guidance provides a 7.5% increase over our 2019 original guidance and includes the benefit of recent midstream acquisition. Our 2020 EPS guidance pinpoint is $6.61, which would be the base for our 5% to 7% long-term growth, and we continue our commitment to a long-term business mix of 70% to 75% utilities. We will invest 80% of our capital in our two utilities over the next five years, which will continue to provide our customers with cleaner and more reliable energy and deliver high-quality operating earnings with increased certainty. These goals are attainable with a strong culture we have here at DTE. As you can see on the next slide, this marks the 11th consecutive year we have exceeded our original EPS guidance. This does not come easily, and as a result of a rigorous planning model. I’d like to talk to you about that little more on Slide 6. As I mentioned, we exceeded our EPS guidance for the 11th consecutive year of 2019. We attribute this continued success through our planning process, which includes a detailed five-year plan with earnings contingency across the portfolio for any number of potential scenarios. The first two years of the plan are worked in detail, with weekly reviews by the management team. Goal of these weekly meetings, which I chair is to understand with a high level of detail, how we seize opportunities and address challenges in the plan. These reviews provide us real time information to help make plans to allow us to stay on track financially. As I said, we have contingency across all our business lines, while much of the contingency is based on addressing weather conditions at our utilities with our lean and invest plan. We also have contingencies planned in our non-utilities. This allows us to manage the entire DTE portfolio of businesses to react to any number of developments that may occur during the year, and many times over, deliver our financial goals. We have successfully employed this lean and invest approach over the years, allowing us to pullback expenses when needed, and to invest back in the business when the opportunity presented itself. And I’ll turn it over to Slide 7. I’ll talk about our employee, customer and community successes. Our employee focus on customers and communities makes me proud to be part of the DTE family. A key area of focus here at DTE is safety, and I’m proud to say that we had another safe year. For the second time in a row, DTE was ranked in the top 2% in safety culture by the National Safety Council. Safety is a great indicator of an employee’s level of focus and discipline, resulting in a strong safety culture with engaged employees. And this engagement leads to a customer-focused environment, although I would say there is always more we can do to improve employee safety, we are currently driving new leadership competencies and communications in an effort to make another step change and improve the quality of safety. We’re ranked in the top 3% of the world’s by Gallup for a high employee engagement, and every day I see evidence of this through the distinctive work our team does around service excellence. We can feel the high energy of our employees at all our facilities, in our headquarters and in our field operations. I’m often approached by employees and told, how much they love working at DTE Energy. We also received our seventh Gallup Great Workplace Award, the only utility company ever to receive this award, and are confident we’ll continue our focus to earn our eighth award in 2020. Our strong focus on service excellence, this was both of our utilities, high in the customer satisfaction rankings. Our electric and gas companies, both ranked in the top quartile for J.D. Power’s Residential and Customer Satisfaction Study. DTE was also ranked one of the country’s top Corporate Citizens by Points of Light and J.D. Power. I’m proud of all the accomplishments our team has made this past year, and I’m looking forward to more successes in 2020 and beyond. Before I turn it over to the business update, I just want to let you know how the local economy is doing. The Michigan’s economy remains strong. Unemployment continues to be at the lowest rate since 2000, and the population continues to grow. GM recently announced that it would invest $2.2 billion in Detroit, a plant where it will produce all electric trucks and sport utility vehicles. You may have seen the commercials in Super Bowl where they’re going to build a new Hummer – Electric Hummer here in Detroit, very excited. Fiat Chrysler is planning to spend $4.5 billion to update several Detroit plants, along the companies start making electric versions of its Jeep models. Ford Motor is converting the abandoned train station in Detroit into a center for autonomous driving and innovation and investing $740 million. All of these are examples of the revitalization of Detroit and Michigan as a whole. Turning over to the business update. All our businesses achieved successes in 2019, which positions us for continued growth in the years to come. As you remember from last year’s EEI, we mentioned that we were going to invest $19 billion between 2020 and 2024 in our utilities and non-utilities with 80% of these investments going into our utilities. Starting off with DTE Electric on Slide 8, as a leader in the march towards clean energy and more reliable energy; continue to invest heavily in clean energy, infrastructure renewal and technology innovation. In 2019, we announced, we were accelerating our carbon emissions reduction by a full decade, targeting 80% reduction by 2040 and reaching net zero emissions by 2050. Achieving these milestones will help us shape our environment for all future generations. Our Blue Water Energy Center, which is a natural gas plant that we’re building is also progressing quite well. We’re nearly 40% complete, with an expected spring of 2022 in-service date. It supports our carbon reduction plan by reducing our carbon emissions by 70% compared to the three coal plants that we’re retiring. Early in 2019, DTE Electric received the approval for our Charging Forward program for electric vehicles. This program is bringing the benefits of EVs, to more Michigan residents and businesses through incentives. Customer education and charging infrastructure growth. We have also partnered with a number of groups including the City of Detroit and General Motors by installing charging stations near our headquarters here in Detroit. There is a step to promote EVs in Michigan, and it goes hand in hand with our Charging Forward program, and I’m looking forward to seeing many more charging stations here in the State of Michigan. Additionally, DTE Electric is progressing on its voluntary renewable program very nicely. In 2019, over 400 megawatts were committed by commercial customers, including Ford, General Motors, the University of Michigan and the Detroit Zoo. Additionally, about 10,000 residential customers have committed to voluntary renewable power. I can tell you that every day we’re enrolling new customers into this program. We’re also upgrading the circuits to improve reliability, redesigning substations to avoid overload and enhancing remote monitoring and operating capabilities to detect and resolve outages, much more quickly. A few items of note include, the completion of two substation upgrade projects and one new station and over the next five years, there will be 18 new or upgraded substations that will be planned and built. The City of Detroit and surrounding areas, about 128 miles of overhead lines were upgraded in 2019 with over a 1,000 miles planned to be upgraded over the next five years. And we began construction of our new electric system operations center with the completion expected in 2021. Overall, our electric utility had a very successful year, and I’m feeling confident, we are well positioned for 2020 and beyond. Moving to slide 9, I’ll talk about some of the accomplishments at our gas company. We made progress with accelerated main renewal program. In 2019, we renewed 180 miles of bare steel and cast iron. We are looking to complete 200 miles in 2020, keeping us on track to replace all cast iron and bare steel over the next 15 years. We’re also continuing to develop plans to invest on additional system improvements, including a gas transmission renewal project to be completed in 2021, to support the growth integrity and reliability of our system in Northern Michigan. This new program along with our main renewal program, firms our commitments to provide safe and reliable service to our customers. Continue to make progress on our commitment to reduce methane emissions from our gas business by 80% and by 2040. Overall, we are looking forward to another strong year from our gas company. And now, I’ll turn it over to our non-utilities on Slide 10. Our Gas Storage & Pipeline business completed three acquisitions and two organic expansions in 2019. We significantly increased our ownership in Link. We acquired a generation pipeline, and we completed the acquisition of the Blue Union and LEAP pipelines in the Haynesville Basin. With LEAP, construction teams are mobilized in December and are currently clearing the right of way along the pipeline route, and I would say, construction is progressing on plan and on schedule. We expect this pipeline to be in service in the third quarter this year. This is a 150 mile, 36-inch pipeline delivering into Southeast interstate systems and the Gulf Coast LNG export markets. For the Blue Union system, we’re on track with our financial goals. As we acquired these assets, we discussed how much due diligence was done to confirm that all of these assets were highly accretive, connected to large demand centers and supported by strong resources, contracts and credit. These assets provide contracted long-term growth and will deliver compelling value to our shareholders. Along with these acquisitions, we also executed an expansion at Millennium, and continued to build out our Link asset in an accretive way. Recently, we have been getting questions about the low gas prices, and how this will affect us. There has been a softening in the market, and we have a plan for that in 2020. We also have the benefit of diversification through a portfolio of businesses allowing us to weather different business cycles. Let me reassure you, 85% of GSP’s revenue is inferred by fixed demand-base revenue contracts and flowing gas. Our producers are significantly hedged in 2020 with attractive pricing. As a matter of fact, our producers are 80% hedged in 2020 at an average price of $2.75, and we review their credit and cash flows weekly and feel good about their condition. Most importantly, we’re going to every year with contingency, and lean and invest plans across our whole portfolio of companies. The development of these plans has provided us a history of consistent success. This year is no exception to our conservative nature when it comes to planning. Going forward, we have significant contracted growth in the portfolio and are focusing on additional organic growth around these assets. Now, let’s talk about our Power and Industrial business on Slide 11. As we mentioned on our earlier calls, we acquired three industrial energy services projects and two RNG projects in 2019. particularly proud of the progress that we’ve made in the RNG space, one of our RNG projects in Wisconsin was named dairy project of the year, by the American Biogas Council. Our work is important and continuing down the path toward a cleaner environment on multiple fronts. RNG is an attractive source of pipeline quality gas from renewable sources that benefits customers and the environment. Along with RNG, cogeneration is the other main focus of our P&I growth. This business is attractive to our customers in times of rising electricity rate and low natural gas costs. We have been successful and growing our cogen business due to our ability to find and secure long-term projects and contracts with repeat customers. Going forward, we’ll continue to develop additional utilities like RNG and cogeneration projects. So, I’m feeling great about the progress we’re making on all of our business lines. 2019 was strong and we have many successes to be proud of. I sat with my team last Friday as I do every week to review in detail the opportunities and risks in our 2020 plan, and I came away feeling confident that we’re going to nail our 2020 goals. And also, the quality of our workforce and our leadership team gives me great confidence in our ability to deliver this high growth at our utilities and non-utilities with a goal to 5% to 7% EPS growth or better, and our track record has been better. And with that, I’m going to turn it over to Peter to share our financial results.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks Jerry, and good morning to everyone. Before, I get into the financials I always like to give an update on my Detroit Tigers. First update, I’d like to give is that this year is winning Super Bowl quarterback was drafted by the Tigers, that gives me hope that the Tigers know how to pick a winner, and as has been over the past few years, this is the best time of year for my Tigers with the third upstream training, just a few weeks away. Although my Tigers finished in last place this past season, I still have hope for the future. This year will be a turning point in the rebuilding process with top prospects playing their way to the Major League 12. Unlike my Tigers, DTE has been very consistent and delivering strong financials and 2019 was no exception. I will start the 2019 review on Slide 12. Total earnings for the year were $1.166 billion, now this translates into $6.30 per share for the year and you can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings and the appendix. Let me start my review at the top of the page, with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $716 million for the year. This was $47 million higher than 2018, largely due to the impact of new rates implemented in May and 2018 items not repeated in 2019. This is partially offset by rate base growth cost and cooler weather in 2019. As you remember, we experienced a significant weather favorability in 2018 and much of this favorability was reinvested system reliability. DTE Gas’s operating earnings were $22 million higher in 2019. the earnings increase was driven primarily by the implementation of new rates in the fourth quarter of 2018 and colder weather in 2019. This was partially offset by a rate-based growth. Let’s move down the page to our Gas Storage & Pipeline business on the third row. Operating earnings for our GSP segment were $213 million for the year, which is right on top of the midpoint of guidance for 2019. In 2018, GSP experienced higher earnings related to AFUDC at NEXUS and higher than planned volumes across the portfolio. 2019 has normalized earnings at NEXUS and volumes were on plan. As a result, 2019 is down $20 million versus 2018, which was contemplated in our 2019 guidance for this segment. On the next row, you can see our Power & Industrial business segment operating earnings were $133 million. Earnings were $30 million lower than 2018, which by the GSP business was contemplated in our 2019 guidance. This decrease is due mainly to the REF tax equity transactions that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2018.
.: The appendix contains a standard energy trading reconciliation, showing both economic and accounting performance. Finally, corporate and other was favorable $15 million in 2019 compared to 2018, and this was due primarily to lower taxes and one-time items in 2018, offset by higher interest expense. Overall, DTE earned $6.30 per share in 2019. Now, let’s go to Slide 13 to wrap up before we open the line for questions. 2019 was a strong year financially and operationally and we are planning for another strong year in 2020. Going forward, we’ll continue to target 5% to 7% EPS growth with 2020 guidance as the base for that growth. Our 7% dividend increase of 2020 demonstrates our confidence in the company’s performance and long-term strategic plan. The 2020 operating EPS midpoint of $6.61 provides 7.5% growth from our 2019 original guidance. This high growth rate is driven by strong performance at all of our business units, healthy growth at our two utilities, near-term EPS accretion from our GSP acquisitions, and organic growth and continued business development at P&I. We’re committed to maintaining the strong balance sheet and credit profile that its investors have come to expect from DTE. Finally, we remain committed to a business mix of 70% to 75% utilities, a good portion of our non-utility earnings coming from regulated or long-term contracted businesses. With that, I’d like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. And operator, we can now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead with your question.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey, good morning guys.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning, Shahriar.
Shahriar Pourreza: Good morning, Shahriar.
Shahriar Pourreza: So, let me just touch a little bit on the non-utility, the recent acquisition you guys did kind of highlighted $2 gas as still being economical, and obviously, we’re continuing to trend below this. Could we just get a little bit of a status on your thinking there, given weakening fundamentals, but really more importantly, is there any impact with your prior guidance to like $2 billion to $3 billion incremental accretive growth opportunities, you highlighted for this segment, in let’s say, a prolonged weak gas price environment, especially for sort of the opportunity as you guys highlighted in the past as being an early-to-mid phases. I mean, could we see some of that capital being diverted to other areas?
Peter Oleksiak: So, I’ll say this that for 2020, our forecast for Indigo is right on top of our fixed fee charges and demand charges. So, we are highly confident delivering 2020. Also, as we mentioned prior, our growth on this asset is also contracted at about a 90% level for the first three years. So, we’re really confident in the growth that we’re forecasting with this asset.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. I guess the question is just more of a longer-term. You’ve allocated some obviously, accretive or incremental growth opportunities for just the gathering, and the storage and product segment. I’m just curious like the $2 billion to $3 billion, that could be incremental opportunities that are sort of in the early phases of spend in a weakening gas price environment, is there a potential that you could redeploy capital somewhere else or even projects that are in the early phase will continue?
Jerry Norcia: All of the projects that we planned for this year, we’re confident, they’re going to continue Shahriar, and longer-term, as we look at our assets, multiple platforms here in the Northeast as well as the Midwest and Louisiana, we feel that we’ve got a great resource behind those pipelines and extremely well connected to markets, and one thing that we do know is that supply and demand are currently rebalancing. We saw this happen in 2015 and 2016, and that’s happening now. So, longer-term with demand growth in the natural gas sector, which continues at a pretty robust clip, we see that our resources are really – or our pipelines are well positioned with these resources in markets to deliver on our growth. So, we’re not seeing anything right now that long-term would give us pause in terms of growth of our assets in this space.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay, perfect. That was the first question. And then just second, can we just strip to the regulated, and talk a little bit about the IRP and sort of the recent ALJ recommendation on how we should sort of think about the generation needs there, maybe from a framework perspective?
Jerry Norcia: Sure. So, I would say that the staff position and the IRP has been quite supportive, but also say that most of our assets are in flight to deliver on our five-year plan. So, I would say that the bulk of our renewable asset build has been approved already by the commission, and of course, our combined cycle plant has been approved by the commission, and is well under construction and is 40% complete. In addition to that, the heavy investment that we’re making on our wireless business is getting a very good support from the staff and from the commission in the last rate case, and also signals that they’re sending with their testimony in this rate case.
Shahriar Pourreza: Terrific. Thanks, guys. congrats.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, guys. Just to follow up with Shahriar’s line of questioning there. Understand 2020 seems pretty locked in with hedging at Indigo $2.75. But going forward beyond that, how far out – are they hedged about $2 or in that $2.75 range that would support them, supporting the contracts they have with you.
Jerry Norcia: Michael, I would say several things; one is the producers are hedged beyond 2020 in a significant way that we’re dealing with. In addition to that, our contracts are solid with them in terms of 85% of our contracts, moving forward for – in the five-year time horizon are 85% fixed fee and demand charge. So, we also look at their credit and we’re monitoring their credit on a regular basis with basis, which we’ve always done, and looking at their liquidity, and we feel at this point, based on their current hedges that they’ve got the ability to furnish on those contracts.
Michael Weinstein: Great. And then on the P&I business. These three projects that are under construction for the – on the R&D side, is that the origination that you need for this year to make it to achieve the $15 million or without any additional origination?
Jerry Norcia: We’re in the process originating an incremental $15 million this year and we have some really good prospects. The $15 million you referred to was what we brought in the house last year. So, we’ve got three years in a row now, where we’ve locked in $15 million of net income growth. So, we’ve got a total about $45 million new net income that’s been already originated, and we’re looking to originate an incremental $15 million this year with good prospects in and around the both, if you will.
Michael Weinstein: Great. And the California plan? California’s rules that support that program, are there any changes contemplated there at all or?
Jerry Norcia: That’s been a really robust program and we – there is really high confidence through 2020 and 2030 in that contract and it’s providing a really solid basis for the unlevered IRRs in the RNG space for us. So, we’re feeling real good about California.
Michael Weinstein: Terrific. And also, just can you just remind me when are they supposed to give you a final approval on the IRP?
Jerry Norcia: In February 20.
Michael Weinstein: Got it. Okay, great. thank you very much.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for the question. The next question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning team.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. So, I want to come back to some of the earlier utility commentary, you talked about nailing at this year. I suppose coming off in two years and strong weather, being at the upper end of the range on 2019, how do you think about trends even within the utilities for 2020, and more specifically, as you think about being able to do some of the O&M work ahead of time, given some of the weather trends we’ve already seen. Just could you elaborate as to sort of the positioning beyond just “nailing” it?
Jerry Norcia: So, Julien as I mentioned, we look at our financial condition, both opportunities and risks every week, and we’ve been doing that for about seven years or eight years. So, I would say that in early last year, we were already working on building contingency for 2020. and so we entered 2020 with a significant amount of contingency that positions us to deliver on our results and that’s how we deliver on our results each and every year. If we see any of that contingency being threatened, we immediately start to work on tactics to hold that contingency and deliberate for our shareholders at the end of the year. So, when I say nail it, that’s the reason I feel confident that we’re going to nail it is because of all the work we do weekly, at a very senior level, and we walk through every line item of opportunity and risk, and the goal of those discussions is to seize the opportunity and kill the risks, and we’ve done that quite well in the past and confident that we’re going to do that in the future.
Peter Oleksiak: Probably, just expand on what Jerry Norcia was saying, and you mentioned weather – we are seeing warmer weather here first quarter, but that we go into each year with three plants, one thing I’ve learned in my career here was that weather normally usually, doesn’t happen. So, we came in, we have a plan around lean, the weather comes in a little bit lighter. So, we already are deploying those plans as well as we came in the year with – really good contingency levels as Jerry Norcia mentioned.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right, excellent. And then a little bit of clean up on the last couple of questions if you don’t mind. The non-utility side, just long-term targets unchanged. I know you kept the consolidated numbers you reaffirmed, just want to make sure on the GSP segment, that’s indeed the case. And then also, to elaborate just quickly onto your other question, on the IRP just the process, if you can elaborate a little bit more on the last question there as well.
Peter Oleksiak: For the non-utility, our capital guidance hasn’t changed from EEI. We have the whole portfolio of $19 billion, $15 billion of that’s going into the utilities, so $4 billion is going to the non-utilities, and there was questions on the Midstream segment. The $2 billion or $3 billion, just a reminder, a $1 billion of that is tied to the Indigo and the Haynesville acquisition milestone payment as well as kind of building out that system there. So, we’re still feeling really good when they think of prospects, they tend to add on to the existing platforms and Midstream, and as Jerry Norcia mentioned, we’ve been nailing our 15 year, $1 million per year origination goal in P&I and we’re feeling good around – continuing to deploy capital in that space as well. On the integrated resource plan, we are really in the final stages right now. It’s really right with the ALJ decision. It’s going to be right for an order and there is a commission meeting on February 20, that’s when we’re expecting and we’re expecting a constructive outcome that’s from that. It’s been a great process, a part of the 2016 legislation was to do this, so all the stakeholders got their voice in that process and as Jerry Norcia mentioned, we don’t really have capital tied to this program, it really goes through our renewable energy plan, as well as the certificate of need that we had at our gas plant, but we’re looking forward to having a constructive order from our IRP.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Thank you all. Best of luck.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for the question. The next question will come from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon: My first one is it going to be a bounce back here, next year for the Red Wings too?
Jerry Norcia: We hope so. With Yzerman in town, we hope so.
Peter Oleksiak: With Yzerman, we’re feeling good.
Greg Gordon: To make the Rangers look like Stanley Cup champions, which is hard to do. So, I’m sorry to beat a dead horse on the GS&P segment, but it really has been an intense focus for investors. First, that $2.75 number that was across all your counterparties, not just Indigo when you said – when you talked about where they’re hedged? I just wanted to clear that up.
Jerry Norcia: That’s correct, Greg.
Greg Gordon: Okay. And I think you’ve been pretty clear that the Indigo relationship has not just demand payments, but minimum volume commitments on 90% – related to 90% of your expected financial outlook, but I think the concern is also in the Marcellus, on the Link and Bluestone systems and on throughput on NEXUS, and I mean you talk about having contractual protection, but do you also have volumetric protection, as you look out past 2020 into 2021 and 2022. And if volumes – if you don’t and volumes were to fall short of your baseline forecast, given Jerry that you’re very proud of how you model for contingencies in your five-year plan, what might be the contingencies you could – that you could fall back on to still achieve the remarkable success you’ve had over the last 10 years, 15 years of being at the high end of your earnings guidance?
Jerry Norcia: Well, let’s say, I’ll start with this Greg. So, first of all, our fixed fees and demand charges across our whole portfolio, for 2020 and beyond, are at approximately 85% of our revenues in our plan. So that will give you an indication of the quality of the contracts that we have for the medium-term and long-term on our assets. So that gives us good comfort. We also, in many of our contracts, have credit provisions that help secure those payments as well. And as I mentioned, we look at the quality of credit, liquidity on a very regular basis. So, we feel real good long-term, where we stand with the quality of resources that our pipelines are connected to. And of course, we are going through a readjustment between supply and demand, but the last time that happened in 2015 and 2016, it’s about a nine-month process before it corrected itself and I think we’re in the middle of that now. We plan for that for this year conservatively. I think we described that in our past discussions. So, I feel real good about 2020 and long-term, I feel that our pipes are well positioned, I guess the resources and the markets that they serve, and with the quality of contracts that we have being 80% fixed fee and demand charges.
Greg Gordon: I get that, but if you’re wrong and I’m sure you probably did some contingency planning around what would happen if you were wrong on those assumptions, other areas in the business where you could pivot, I mean is the RNG business sort of potentially larger than what you’re currently budgeting? I mean, where are the opportunities in the plan? They continue to stay really pear-shaped on the E&P side for longer.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. That’s great question, Greg. Now, the value of our portfolio is that we’ve got really strong utilities that are – have very strong growth prospects, and I think we mentioned at EEI, we’ve got capital sitting on the sidelines that we’re working on every day to get into the plan from an affordability perspective, so opportunity there for sure. Our P&I business is also ripe with many opportunities and still feel confident that we’ve got really strong opportunities inside GSP business where we’re working smaller, highly accretive transactions inside GSP in each and every day. So, when you take our portfolio in total and in addition to our conservative contingency planning, each and every year, we feel real confident that we’re going to deliver our 5% to 7% going forward.
Greg Gordon: Thanks Jerry.
Jerry Norcia: Thanks Greg.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Chris Turnure with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Chris Turnure: Good morning, guys. I know it’s a smaller part of your business. But, could you give us some color on maybe the end of 2019 performance for the trading business, what you’re thinking for your 2020 guidance, kind of what’s underlying that, and just remind us of the maybe geographic profile and customer profile of that business?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. Our trading business had a really solid year. We had performance economic – we really measure that on economic income. So, economic income contribution was $40 million, that translated into $30 million of operating. We do typically target $30 million to $40 million economic contribution every year. So, we’re feeling they’re really good. With that, and we do plan a bit conservatively in terms of operating guidance that the economic contribution will flow sometimes in the current year – sometimes in future years, so we always come in the year in terms of our guidance to be a little more conservative. So, we do have a midpoint of guidance of $20 million for 2020.
Chris Turnure: Okay. And, no kind of color there on the current state of the market, and how things have trended in recent years?
Peter Oleksiak: We make our money there across a portfolio of businesses. We have FRS contracts that we do also – the trading company supports our GSP business in terms of marketing those as well. We also have a credit renewable business line within that as well. So, we have between power and gas, renewables and supporting our midstream business. So, we have a lot of products that kind of creates some stability of earnings year-in and year-out there.
Jerry Norcia: Yes. We rely on a trading business really for steady cash flow. We generate between $30 million and $50 million a year of cash from that business, and the fact that it supports our pipeline business as well as our RNG business, we view it as strategic in that way, but we don’t count on it for growth going forward.
Chris Turnure: Okay. And then switching gears to the balance sheet. The $100 million to $300 million of equity this year I think is all internal programs, but can you remind us of how you’re thinking about pension contributions here, and then maybe if you’re disclosing this share count or FFO expectation for 2020?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. We are going to be issuing our disclosure has not changed since the EEI, so, we’re planning on issuing $100 million to $300 million of equity here in 2020, that will be internal sources, a lot of that is through our pension contributions. We are planning on over the next, probably three years to four years to be fully funded there. Next year $100 million to $400 million and that will probably be a good portion of that through our pension contribution as well. We do target an 18% FFO that really positions us well in terms of our current credit ratings with S&P and Moody’s and Fitch.
Chris Turnure: Okay. And do you think you can hit that FFO this year or is that more of a target into next year?
Peter Oleksiak: It’s a target, but we do hit, even in 2019 we’ve achieved 18% FFO. So, that’s our target and we have been able to achieve that year-in and year-out.
Chris Turnure: Great. Thank you guys very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold: Good morning guys.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: Quick question on the CapEx guidance for 2020. Will you get to the $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion for non-utility, which I think is a new disclosure. Could you break that down a little bit for us between pipelines, I believe, a good chunk of it is for the expansion projects. And then, yes – and then the P&I.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. Close to $1 billion of that is GSP, and it is tied to the milestone payment. We have a $400 million milestone payment, a $600 million of capital to build out the LEAP system as well as the gathering system down there. So, good bulk of this is the midstream and the remaining amount will be our Power and Industrial and it really is tied to the origination of $50 million per year goal that we have there.
Jonathan Arnold: So it’s a $1 billion GSP is the right ballpark?
Peter Oleksiak: Right. There may be some incremental or one above that maintenance type of capital, another potential origination, but the bulk of that is going to be that new acquisition, the $1 billion.
Jonathan Arnold: Perfect. Thanks very much Peter.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from David Fishman with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
David Fishman: Good morning. Thank you for taking my call.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning David.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning, David.
David Fishman: Sorry to repeat a little bit here, but I just want to get a little more context, I believe you said a nine-month correction process in the natural gas sector. I just wanted to know kind of broadly what does that look like for the Haynesville or the Northeast in 2020, kind of versus your multi-year production growth expectation?
Jerry Norcia: The reference I made, the nine-month process is what we saw happen in 2015 and 2016. Every cycle will be different of course and it’s hard to predict what it will look like. But, the correction has started to happen where we’ve seen producers start slow activity, and we think that’s the beginning of a correction to better balanced supply and demand. Now, demand continues to grow, as I mentioned, and as it relates specifically to our portfolio, 85% of our growth is contracted going forward, and with good contracts, good resources – strong resources that we’ll dispatch at the front end of that dispatch stack, to bring incremental supply of the market going forward. And we’re also connected to really good markets. So, I – that’s what gives us confidence in the GSP growth for the long-term.
David Fishman: And then, sort of thinking a little bit more longer-term, and maybe Haynesville that I guess broadly speaking, when you mentioned being kind of the front end of the dispatch stack there. So, if Indigo or another producer was unhedged, and you would have a situation where maybe the Haynesville was flat or even slightly down, would it put substantial amount of financial distress or would it be something that they could do economically to continue to grow in line with the MVCs, even in a situation where their broader basin isn’t growing?
Jerry Norcia: Well, we saw that when we looked at their drilling plants for the long-term, I think what we saw was that they had very economic resources at the $2 price range for over a decade, and with 15% unlevered returns. And we model that as well as three independent reserve consultants that looked at that with us because we got on the insight of what Indigo is able to do. So, very high quality resource that’s dispatchable obviously in a significant way at $2 and above with strong contracts. And they also have now a very strong balance sheet; they met all their commitments to deleverage their balance sheet and there is a significant milestone payment tied to further deleverage. They’ll be one of the best balance sheets in the industry, if you will, going forward. So, we feel good about the contracts, feel good about the resource, and feel great about the markets that they are connecting to. And one of the advantage they have from a market perspective is their proximity to one of fastest growing markets, which is the industrial and chemical complex in the Southeast and the Gulf region, as well as the LNG export markets. So, that the proximity and cost to get to those markets matters and they’re in really good position with us to do that.
David Fishman: Okay. That makes sense. Thank you. And then, still, but just kind of a broader question. I think in the past in 2019, you’d mentioned potential opportunities with laterals with natural gas power plants in the Northeast, Ohio area, I think it’s on Pennsylvania in the past. I was just wondering since a number of things have actually kind of changed with Ohio subsidies, we expanded [indiscernible] there has been PJM auction delays and now much cheaper natural gas in the region. I just wondering to have some of the conversations with some of these power plant developers may have evolved over the past six months?
Jerry Norcia: The conversations continue in earnest because natural gas is readily available and really economically priced. There is incentive in the Midwest to convert natural gas from coal. So, we’re still seeing continued conversion opportunities in and around all our assets, so that’s positive. We’re also seeing – we’re working on an expansion – several expansions on our Link assets. We’re looking at connecting the Generation Pipeline through NEXUS that’s progressing. We’re also looking at unique optimization opportunities with our Vector asset and our Bluestone asset. So, lots of activities, all small, but nicely accretive exactly where we’d like it.
David Fishman: Okay, that makes sense. And sorry, just one more on the regulated side. I was just wondering if you could kind of frame the near-term versus medium-term growth rate, especially when looking at kind of the recent gas rate case filing, where the rate base CAGR over two years looks double digits, kind of in the context of your recently raised – from 8% to 9% net income growth of that segment, how that kind of looks near term versus the medium-term five years.
Jerry Norcia: Over the next five years, we’re highly confident in the growth rates that we projected for both our gas utility and electric utility. The gas utility is in and around 9% income growth and we’ve got 7% to 8% at our electric company. So, there’s lots of good capital that will drive improved reliability and efficiencies and safety for our customers. I’ll point it at that.
Peter Oleksiak: And near term David, I think maybe what you’re seeing in electric segment is a little bit higher growth – because we have a renewable investment – significant renewal investment year-over-year by 2020. It’s close to like $550 million more, however there are some new projects that we have coming in and have been pre-approved part of our renewable energy plan. So, we are seeing, kind of, near-term higher growth rate, but we are kind of in the long-term the 7% to 8% at electric company and the 9% for gas utility.
David Fishman: Okay. Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you for the question. The next question will come from Gregg Orrill with UBS. Please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill: Yes. Thank you. Good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Gregg Orrill: I was wondering if you could touch a bit more on the development backlog for the R&D business beyond 2020, and how you think about committing capital around that?
Jerry Norcia: Sure. We’ve provided a forecast over to five years in terms of growth for the RNG space and the cogen space. So, we’re seeing a lot of activity on both fronts. So, we are looking to originate $15 million in new net income each and every year going forward. Feel that the last three years, we delivered on that and we’ve got a nice portfolio of opportunities that gives us confidence to deliver on that for this year and looking obviously every time we deliver $15 million of new net income that travels across the next five years, and each year we start – we continue moving that forward. Good prospects both in R&D and cogen with the low gas price environment and electricity rates continuing to march up slightly across the Midwest and other parts of the U.S., so the cogen business is very active as well.
Gregg Orrill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time we have for questions. I’ll now turn the call over to Jerry Norcia for closing remarks.
Jerry Norcia: I’ll wrap up by thanking everyone for joining the call. As we already mentioned multiple times, we had a great year in 2019. I feel really good about the position we’re in and continue our solid track record of delivering premium results for our shareholders. We’ve got one of the highest historical growth rates in the industry at 7.5% and we’ll deliver a growth rate of 7.5% this year 2019 over 2020, and have great confidence that this will continue into the future, and deliver at the 5% to 7% EPS growth into the future as well. So, thank you very much. Look forward to providing you updates as we move through the year, and look forward to talking to you or seeing you soon.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s event. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Barbara Tuckfield: Jerry Norcia - President and Chief Executive Officer Peter Oleksiak - Chief Financial Officer
Operator: Good day and welcome to the DTE Energy Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Barbara Tuckfield. Please go ahead, madam.
Barbara Tuckfield: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix of today’s presentation. With us this morning are Jerry Norcia, President and CEO; and Peter Oleksiak, Senior Vice President and CFO. And now, I’ll turn it over to Jerry, to start the call this morning.
Jerry Norcia: Thanks, Barb, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. This morning, I’m going to give you a recap of our performance for the third quarter of 2019, a business unit update, and provide the overview for the 2020 early outlook and early thoughts on our long-term growth. At EEI, we’ll provide a deeper review of our long-term growth plans and strategies. Then finally, I’ll turn it over to Peter who will provide a financial review of the quarter, updates to cash, capital, and equity, and the details on our 2019 guidance and 2020 early outlook. Then I’ll wrap things up before we take your questions. So let’s start on Slide 4. We continue to make great progress on a number of key fronts. Our third quarter financial results are solidly on track with our plan. Given the strength we have experienced in the first three quarters of the year, I’m announcing an increase to our 2019 operating EPS guidance. We are increasing our 2019 guidance midpoint $0.03 to $6.23. This represents EPS growth from original guidance in 2018 to 2019 of 8%, which was quite impressive at this point. This increase is due to the strong performance at all of our business segments and the fact that we will have continued to build contingency that will carry us through the fourth quarter. Peter will provide more details on that front in a few minutes. Today, we are also providing the 2020 early outlook for operating EPS guidance with a range of $6.47 to $6.75. I’m pleased to say that this is a 7.5% increase over our 2019 original guidance and includes the impact of the recent midstream acquisition we announced earlier this month. Longer-term through 2024, we are using the higher 2020 early outlook as a new base for our 5% to 7% operating EPS growth rate. I’m also pleased to announce a 7% dividend increase that was just approved by our Board. The new annualized dividend per share is $4.05, up from $3.78. This continues DTE Energy’s consistent dividend history, having issued a cash dividend for more than 100 years. This increase reflects the company’s strong performance and ability to consistently achieve our goals. The Board’s approval of the increase signals confidence in the company’s performance and long-term strategic plan. Turning over to the business update, all of our businesses have accomplishments to note this quarter. DTE Electric recently announced our goal to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050. This bold new goal sets the framework to go beyond our existing commitment to reduce carbon emissions 50% by 2030 and 80% by 2040. DTE Electric’s medium- and long-term plans are aligned with the scientific consensus around the importance of achieving carbon emission reductions. We are fully committed to dramatically reduce carbon emissions. This is the right thing to do for our customers, our business, and the environment. We are doing as much as we can, as fast as we can to provide our customers and the State of Michigan with clean energy that is affordable and reliable. Additionally, DTE Electric is progressing on its voluntary renewable energy program. Over 400 megawatts have been committed by commercial customers, including Ford, General Motors, University of Michigan, and most recently the Detroit Zoo. Additionally, nearly 10,000 residential customers have committed to a portion of their monthly bills to renewable power. Along with our carbon reduction plan, our natural gas plant, Blue Water Energy Center is also progressing on plan. We broke ground last year and received all the necessary permits. The plant is a little over 30% complete with the turbines already on site and an expected in-service date of the spring of 2022. Moving on to our gas company, we are continuing to progress with our accelerated main renewal program. We’ve already renewed a significant number of miles this year and we will complete 180 miles by yearend. We are also continuing to develop plans to invest in additional system improvements, including a transmission renewal program to support the growth, integrity, and reliability of our system. This new program, along with our main renewal program showcases DTE Gas’ commitment to provide safe and reliable service to our customers. These projects will be described in more detail on our rate case filings later this fall. Now, I’ll turn over to our non-utilities. At our gas storage and pipeline business, we recently announced the acquisition of midstream assets in the Haynesville Basin. These assets include an existing gathering system and 150 mile gathering pipeline that is currently under construction. This set of assets complements our GSP portfolio and provides a new platform for value creation, which will enable strong growth opportunities for years to come. It has a strong strategic and financial rationale, delivering compelling value to our shareholders. It is underpinned by high quality resource that is well positioned on a North American gas supply stack. We believe that natural gas will play an increasingly important role in meeting energy demand as we all seek to mitigate climate change in the coming years. The economics are sound and the transaction is EPS accretive, accelerating achievement of our 5-year growth plan, while maintaining a strong balance sheet and credit profile. And this transaction is one of the drivers of the 7.5% increase in our 2020 outlook. As we mentioned on the call, we are committed to maintaining a 70% to 75% utility mix. At EEI, we will provide the details on how this fits into our 5-year plan. Now, let me turn over to Power and Industrial. We also had some major milestones this quarter. In September our P&I business announced the opening of its first combined dairy RNG processing and interstate injection facility. The site processes raw biogas from nearby partner farms into renewable natural gas. Pipeline-quality is then injected directly into an interstate pipeline. Converting raw biogas into RNG is a win-win both for dairy farms and the environment.  Capturing this gas reduces the overall greenhouse gas footprint, provides the farms with another revenue stream and help create a clean, sustainable, vehicle fuel that displaces fossil-based gasoline or diesel-fuel. We’ve made great progress in the energy space over the past few years, which will enable P&I to achieve its long-term goals. So I’m feeling really good about the progress we’re making in all of our business lines. Now, moving on to Slide 5, I will discuss our 2020 early outlook and long-term plan. Today, we are providing the 2020 early outlook for operating EPS guidance with a range of $6.47 and $6.75. This is 7.5% increase over our 2019 original guidance, and includes the, as I mentioned, the impact of the recent midstream acquisition we announced earlier this month; longer term, we are increasing our base, and growing from the higher 2020 early outlook through 2024. This will be the new base for our 5% to 7% operating EPS growth rate. We believe growing off the new base, provides shareholders with incremental near- and long-term value. We’ll provide additional details by segment when we see you at EEI. With that, I’m going to turn it over to Peter, to share our financial results and give you more details on our 2020 early outlook.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. Before I get into the financials, I always like to give an update on the Detroit Tigers. Yeah, Tigers did come into last – in the last place this year. But the good news with that last place finish is they get a first draft pick next year. And I’m hoping they find another Justin Verlander. So overall, I’m looking to the future and feeling pretty good about it. And like my Tigers, the financials are as consistently strong here for DTE. Now let me turn your attention to the financial results, and I will start to review on Slide 6. Total earnings for the third quarter were $351 million. This translates into $1.91 per share for the quarter. And you can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. Let me start my review at the top of the page with our utilities, DTE Electric earnings were $307 million for the quarter. This was $3 million higher than 2018 largely due to the impact of new rates implemented in May, offset by rate base growth costs and cooler weather in 2019. As a reminder, the third quarter of 2018 was one of the hottest quarters on record in our region. DTE Gas operating earnings were $10 million lower than last year. The earnings change is driven primarily by rate base growth and higher O&M expenses. This was partially offset by rate implementation. But keep in mind, only a small portion of this new rate was attributed to third quarter as a result of typically low volumes in the third quarter. Let’s move down the page to our Gas Storage and Pipeline business on the third row. Operating earnings for our GSP segment were $60 million for the quarter, last year GSP experienced higher earnings related to AFUDC at NEXUS and higher than planned volumes across the portfolio. This year we have normalized earnings at NEXUS and volumes are on plan. As a result, this quarter is $4 million lower versus the third quarter of 2018. GSP is performing according to plan through the third quarter, and we will continue to see the benefit in the remainder of the year from the volumes on Link that continue to ramp-up, and the impact of the recent expansions and acquisitions. On the next row, you can see our Power and Industrial business segment, operating earnings were $49 million. Earnings are $14 million lower than the third quarter of 2018 and this decrease is due mainly to the REF tax equity transactions that occurred in the fourth quarter of last year. As we communicated previously, we entered into equity partnerships in our REF units and accelerated cash flows around $100 million per year for 3 years to support our growth projects. This lowers earnings this year around $40 million versus 2018. Our Energy Trading business had a strong quarter with operating earnings of $18 million. Earnings are higher this quarter compared to the third quarter last year due to the higher power portfolio earnings. Our trading company is having another solid year. Year-to-date economic earnings are on plan and in line with guidance. The appendix contains our standard energy trading reconciliations, showing both economic and accounting performance. And finally, Corporate and Other was unfavorable $15 million this year compared to the third quarter last year and this was due primarily to the timing of taxes. So overall, DTE earned $1.91 per share in the third quarter of 2019. Let’s move on to Slide 7. Jerry mentioned, we are increasing our 2019 earnings guidance. As you remember, we increased guidance at both DTE Electric and DTE Gas on the second quarter call, so this is the second increase we provided this year. We’re experiencing favorability in all the segments with particular strength in the Electric segment, Power and Industrial, and Energy Trading. DTE Electric is benefitting from warmer than normal weather, P&I is favorable due to the optimization of REF units and Energy Trading earnings came in strong in the third quarter. We feel really good about how strong 2019 is coming in, so we are confident in achieving the increased guidance range. Now I’ll transition to 2020 to discuss our early outlook. On the right side of that slide, we are providing 2020 EPS early outlook midpoint of $6.61 per share. The midpoint of this early outlook provides 7.5% EPS growth from the 2019 original guidance. On the next 2 slides, I’ll be going over the early outlook for our 4 largest business units, but if I move on to those slides to discuss the year-over-year drivers, I’ll mention that Energy Trading’s 2020 operating earnings range of $15 million to $25 million, which is the economic contribution range we typically target for this business. Also, our Corporate and Other segment grows in 2020 with the interest on the equity converts and this returns to a lower steady state when they are converted to equity. So now let’s – let me move on to Slide 9. And I’ll start on the left hand side of the page. Our 2020 early outlook midpoint for DTE Electric segment is $766 million. This provides earnings growth of 8.7% over 2019 original guidance. The early outlook includes distribution and generation investment growth. Longer term, the Electric segment will continue to grow by 7% to 8%. Moving to the right hand side of the page at our DTE Gas segment of the 2020 early outlook midpoint is $189 million, the 2019 original guidance midpoint was $175 million, the early outlook provides earnings growth of 8% of the 2019 original guidance. So this year-over-year increase is in line with our long-term growth target for DTE Gas and is driven by the continuation of our accelerated main renewal program. Longer term, we expect the Gas segment to grow at the higher end of our 8% to 9% growth rate. Now move on to Slide 10 to review our early outlook for our non-utilities. Again, starting on the left hand side of the page on the Gas Storage and Pipeline business, our original guidance for 2019 for this segment was $213 million and increases to $285 million in 2020. Now this represents an increase of 34%. That increase is mainly due to the acquisition of the midstream assets in the prolific Haynesville Basin. And previously, we said the annual increase to our GSP segment earnings would be approximately 12%, so we’ve essentially accelerated growth into 2020. Now GSP had an active year in 2019, acquiring Generation Pipeline, an additional 30% stake in the Link SGG, and of course, the Blue Union and LEAP assets. All these will contribute to what we expect to be another strong year at GSP in 2020. We’ve been planning carefully in 2020 given the market conditions we’re seeing, and these new platforms will allow us to build growth objectives and rebase the whole company at a higher growth rate. Now moving into right side of the page. Our P&I segment is $14 million higher in 2020 versus 2019. This segment continues to drive earnings and value for the company. This earnings increase is from the work we’ve been doing over the last few years as we originate new projects and income to replace REF when it fully sunsets. We’ve secured additional REF units that will generate strong cash flows for the next 2 years, reducing equity needs. As you look out to when REF sunsets to the end of 2021, we remain confident that the backfill of REF will occur between these 2 non-utilities segment and the total portfolio, and we’ll be well within our targeted 70% to 75% utility mix. As you can see these 2 non-utilities are bringing a build lift of earnings here in 2020. We will be providing a detailed update at EEI in a few weeks. Now on to Slide 11 to cover the balance sheet. We expect to issue a total of $500 million of – in equity here in 2019, including $300 million of acquisition equity financing, and $200 million has already been issued through internal mechanisms. For the 3 years 2020 to 2022, we will be issuing $1.5 billion to $2 billion of equity, including convertible equity units related to the acquisition. And in 2020, we will be issuing $300 million of equity using internal mechanism. For 2019, we are increasing our cash and capital guidance for this – for the year due to the investment in our new midstream assets, and you can find the updated cash and capital guidance in the appendix. We have a strong credit rating at all 3 agencies, which is very important to us. S&P is a strong BBB with an excellent business risk profile, and Moody’s and Fitch are one notch above S&P. We have reviewed our recent midstream transaction with all agencies and expect to maintain a strong credit rating. S&P has indicated that we will hold a strong BBB and also our excellent business risk profile, so a great outcome there. Fitch and Moody’s did take some action on their current rating. Moody’s has revised the rating to a Baa2, which falls in line with S&P. We will have plenty of balance sheet cushion with the ratings of both agencies. Our goal is to continue to maintain a strong investment-grade credit rating. That wraps up my section on 2019 earnings guidance and the 2020 early outlook. Now I’m going to turn it back over to Jerry to wrap things up.
Jerry Norcia: Thanks, Peter. I’ll wrap up on Slide 12 and then open up the line for questions. 2019 is shaping up to be a strong year as evidenced by our guidance increase, so we expect and continue our pattern of exceeding original guidance for over a decade. You can tell from our 2020 early outlook that we are planning for another strong year next year. The 2020 operating EPS midpoint of $6.61 provides 7.5% growth from our 2019 original guidance. The side’s growth rate is driven by a strong performance at all of our business units, with healthy growth at our 2 utilities, continued business development at P&I and the near-term EPS accretion from our recent GSP midstream acquisition. For 2020, GSP’s growth is more than double what we had anticipated. Going forward, we will continue to target a 5% to 7% EPS growth with 2020 outlook as the base of that growth. Our 7% dividend increase for 2020 demonstrates our confidence in the company’s performance and long-term strategic plan. Our utilities continue to focus on necessary infrastructure investments, specifically for investments to improve reliability and the customer experience. Our non-utilities continue to position us for long-term growth. Finally, I feel great about our ability to continue to deliver the premium total shareholder returns we have delivered over the past decade. And with that, I’d like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. And, Sergey, you can open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Praful Mehta of Citi. Please go ahead.
Praful Mehta: Thanks so much. Hi, guys.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning.
Praful Mehta: Good morning. So maybe just first, starting with the equity that you pointed out on Slide 11, the $1.5 billion to $2 billion in 2020 to 2022, I’m assuming in 2022 you’re including approximately what $825 million of mandatory converts?
Peter Oleksiak: They do include the mandatory converts. It will be approximately $1 billion related to the acquisition, but the $1.5 billion to $2 billion does include those converts.
Praful Mehta: Okay. Got you. That’s helpful. And the 2020 guidance that you provide, all that includes is an additional $300 million of equity in 2020. So, I just wanted to understand the share count that you’re using for that 2020 guide.
Jerry Norcia: Yes, we have $300 million that we will be issuing next year in 2020. And here in 2019, we will be issuing the $500 million that we previously disclosed.
Praful Mehta: Got you. And just finally, I just want to stay on the credit theme, I guess. You mentioned that a couple of the agencies clearly expressed some concern. Do you see any scenario where there is additional need to issue equity in a particular business? I guess, how the business kind of moves forward from here? Do you expect any need to issue additional equity to kind of satisfy the rating agency concerns?
Jerry Norcia: No, I do not. The S&P rating, in particular, our strong BBB and excellent business risk profile, we were really targeting that. So we are very happy with that outcome. It gives us – actually, we have a lot of cushion even within that current rating and profile. Moody’s did fall in line with S&P. A part of the issue with Moody’s is they do not recognize the converts as equity. So that was one of the reasons behind the action they took, but with their new rating, we have a lot of cushion as well. So, we’re feeling really good where we’re at with the rating agencies at this point.
Praful Mehta: All right, great. Thanks so much guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning team.
Jerry Norcia: Hey, Julien.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Howdy. Perhaps, if I can come back to just the transaction last week, help clarify just a quick follow-up here. I mean, as you think about that $0.45 in the organic growth of that business, just again, to come back to off of the run rate 2021, 2022, 10 times multiple, how do you think about that? That’s a – how do you think about the growth to the 5-year outlook first-off just to reconcile that, and I’ve got a follow.
Jerry Norcia: Well, I think, Julien, the first thing is that the transaction supports the 7.5% growth, 2019 over 2020. And then as we’ve mentioned, we reestablished 2020 as the base for the 5% to 7% growth going forward long-term. So, we view the transaction not only as providing a lift, 2019 over 2020, but certainly provided an uplift long term as well in the plan and filled all the growth needs that we have at GSP.
Peter Oleksiak: I think just to add on as well in this segment in particular, we’re feeling really good with the growth rate going forward. We will be talking in more detail at EEI about this. I can tell you though that we have a previous disclosure out there of 2023, and we’re going to be more than achieving that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, okay. But just from a planning perspective, as you think about the other investments that have been talked about before, the NEXUS laterals, Link expansion capital, perhaps generator and connections. What are you thinking about it? And I know we’re getting ahead of the GSP disclosures perhaps coming up here in a couple weeks. But I just want to clarify, what else are you thinking about out there on GSP?
Jerry Norcia: Well, Julien, again I’ll repeat that. It certainly supports the 7.5% growth, 2019 over 2020. And if you lock in that growth and then grow 5% to 7% from there, this transaction as well as the other investments in GSP, and let’s not forget that the bulk of our investment is going into our 2 utilities, those high growth rates from our utilities, high growth rate from GSP, as well as the strong growth off the P&I base will support 5% to 7% growth over the new 2020 base, and we’ll provide a lot more detail by business segment at EEI.
Peter Oleksiak: Yeah, we will, and in this segment in particular, we have some great growth platforms now, so we’re not looking for any big new acquisitions. So, we have a lot of opportunities. You mentioned a few just in your question there. So between Link and NEXUS, and now this new Blue Union and LEAP asset, we’re going to have a lot of organic growth opportunities, but we’ll give more updates here at EEI.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. If I can clarify quickly the early 2020 outlook, I mean it looks like it implies even ex the latest transaction, a pretty healthy degree of growth off the 2019 base for GSP. Can you talk about what’s driving that? I mean, as you say, it seems like a 12% type growth number?
Jerry Norcia: Well, two things, the transaction, as we mentioned, is providing significant accretion next year. So, it is filling a portion of the growth objective of GSP, but I can tell you we’re also planning very carefully for the balance of the platform at GSP in light of market conditions.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Nothing specific though, and that’s for next year.
Jerry Norcia: That’s for next year.
Peter Oleksiak: That’s for next year, correct.
Jerry Norcia: So we’re working very closely with all the producers. So our plans reflect that. It will be in – be very careful.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. Well, I look forward to see you guys and hear more in a couple of weeks. Cheers.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Michael Sullivan of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Sullivan: Hey, good morning.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
Michael Sullivan: Yeah. So first, I just wanted to follow-up on that last question. So is there any more detail that you can give us as to how the base midstream business is growing sort of ex the transaction you just did. And then I think also the – upping the stake in Link and the Generation Pipe, just kind of, what the base business is doing? And how that stacks up to what you were previously anticipating?
Jerry Norcia: Well, what we can say is that if you look at all those investments and that drives a 30% – 34% growth year-over-year in the GSP segment, and overall, allowed us to lift our corporate growth of 7.5% year-over-year, and sets us up really nicely long-term that meet our 5% to 7% growth corporately, along with our growth at our utility. So we typically don’t describe each platform, but what I can tell you, I’ll repeat is that the balance of our platforms, we are planning for it very carefully next year in light of the market conditions. So the 34% reflects that and supports our 7.5% growth year-over-year.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, thanks. And then switching over to P&I. Can you just give any color around the recently acquired REF units that you mentioned? How much of a contribution that was towards 2020 and when those will roll off?
Jerry Norcia: Yeah, we did acquire some new units that here in the late summer, and we did redeploy those at existing sites, where with it some units were sunsetting. So REF is flat. The way to think about is, REF is flat year-over-year. So the growth we’re seeing is really around the origination that we’ve been doing over the last few years. These additional units in REF will contribute about $30 million over the next couple of years, which is a really nice chunk of cash and it really helps reduce equity needs over the next 3 years.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. And when do those roll off, the new ones that you just acquired?
Jerry Norcia: Yeah. The new ones as well as all the existing is the end of 2021. They all sunset at that point in time.
Michael Sullivan: Great. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Weisel of Scotia Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Andrew Weisel: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: Just one quick one. Obviously, a nice dividend increase today. My question is going forward, is there any change to the dividend policy, given the mix shift with about 35% of next year’s earnings come from – coming from the non-utilities, and all the credit updates that you talked about earlier? How do we think about the dividend policy going forward?
Jerry Norcia: Well, typically, we have said and continue to maintain that will grow dividends in line with our earnings growth, but we’ll be able to provide a little more color in detail on that at EEI as to how will it look going forward. But certainly it will be in line with earnings growth.
Peter Oleksiak: With earnings growth. Yeah, we haven’t really changed that philosophy, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. So the same policy will continue going forward then?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. That’s correct.
Jerry Norcia: That’s correct.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, great. That’s all I had. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shahriar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey, guys.
Jerry Norcia: Hey, good morning, Shahriar.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning.
Shahriar Pourreza: I apologize, I jumped on a second late. The comment that you made just around planning in light of market conditions, so like the 33.8% includes that. Is that – can you just elaborate what you mean by that? And is that tied to a specific asset in the producer. So I’m kind of curious if you can just touch a little bit on what you mean by that?
Jerry Norcia: Well, we’re looking at all our platform, Shahriar. And certainly, we’re operating in a low price environment. So as we continue our conversations and discussions with our partners, we are forecasting earnings growth of 34% in this business line in light of these market conditions. If the market conditions improve, things could change. But certainly, we’re planning carefully for this business segment at this point in time. In addition to the balance of our portfolio, which we feel very comfortable will help us deliver a 7.5% growth year-over-year.
Shahriar Pourreza: So this isn’t really tied to credit quality or financial conditions of the actual producers, but more of a pricing environment, which…
Jerry Norcia: Both pricing and production. Yes, that’s correct.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. Got it. And then just as you guys look at the contracts, what remains at NEXUS. There is a portion of it, obviously, that’s still under short-term contracts. Is that – are these market conditions, do they continue to dictate that you’ll remain within that kind of a tenure of these contracts? Or is there an opportunity to actually contract longer term?
Jerry Norcia: Sure. We have started to see interest in and terming out longer than we’ve seen in the past. So we find that as an encouraging signal from the market that there is desire to contract somewhat slightly longer-term. And so we continue to move our contract portfolio in excess in that direction. So we are seeing positive signal there.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Got it. And let me just ask you one last one. Is the signals that you are seeing as far as longer-term contracts, is that predicated on the delay of 2 existing pipe projects?
Jerry Norcia: Certainly, we think that could be having an impact. And, of course, production continues to grow in the Appalachia at this point in time. So we believe that it’s a combination of those factors was creating more interest.
Shahriar Pourreza: Perfect. Thanks, guys. Congrats.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Good morning. Most of my questions have been asked and answered. But I have a question about your renewable natural gas type of plans and investments. I mean, we’ve seen this sharp decline in RIN prices. And I’m just wondering, if you guys have a view where those prices will go and how it’s being depicted in your 2020 guidance?
Peter Oleksiak: So thank you for that question. The bulk of our returns from RNG asset investments are in the dairy sector, and most of the value from that comes from the low carbon fuel standard that exists in California to displace essentially diesel and gasoline in the CNG markets. We have seen a decline in the RIN pricings, but we have seen it also start to recover recently. But it forms a small portion of our forecast for these assets and these investments, which with the LCFS they still remain very attractive assets and very attractive returns. Our outlook, you asked, how do we feel about how it’s looking. Feel that the EPA will issue a volume obligation. They’ll be more in line with the supply that’s available. And I believe that’s why we’re starting to see somewhat of whatever recovery in the pricing for the RINs.
Angie Storozynski: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sophie Karp of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Sophie Karp: Hi, good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Sophie.
Sophie Karp: [Technical Difficulty] question, so just wanted to come back real quick to the midstream segment, the $0.15 accretion that you talked about on the call earlier, when you announced the deal? Is this fair to think about the 2020 as $0.15 of the growth comes from that and the rest from other organic opportunities at this time?
Jerry Norcia: Yeah. Actually that’s a good way of thinking about it. Yeah, the 15%. Part of that 7.5% includes that 15% for sure.
Sophie Karp: $0.15 you mean?
Jerry Norcia: Yeah, $0.15. Yeah.
Sophie Karp: Okay. Thank you. And then, I wanted to dig a little more into utility earnings. So being roughly flat year-over-year in the DTE Electric rate. And I understand there’s been a weather volatility last year and this year. But sort of the way you describe it, if we stripped away the weather impacts completely, would that have grown in line with your, kind of, long-term rate that you’re projecting? And is there something within the rate implementation growth, of course, that is unusual this year?
Jerry Norcia: Yeah, that’s correct. We had – last year was one of the hottest we’ve had here – on record here in Michigan in the region. So you take that away and normalize weather this year, we had positive weather this year of $27 million, but last year was much higher. That was over $60 million, that when you take that away, kind of, look at the rate base growth, it will be in line with the 7% to 8% that we expect from this segment.
Sophie Karp: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Fishman of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
David Fishman: Hey, good morning.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning.
David Fishman: Just going back to the Haynesville acquisition and thinking about the $600 million of growth CapEx. I was just wondering, and I apologize if you said this on the call a couple weeks ago. But when you think about the $600 million, I know part of its related to the LEAP growth. But is there something that effectively guarantees that growth happening? Or is that just based on your expectation for expansions based on Blue Union and where you think demand will be?
Jerry Norcia: Actually, all of the growth is fully contracted with Indigo. And so the $600 million plus the other $400 million that we talked about approximately about $1 billion is fully contracted growth over the next 18 to 24 months.
David Fishman: Okay. So that’s something you already have the contracts in place for and that will be achieved?
Jerry Norcia: Yes. That’s correct.
David Fishman: Okay. And then going back to the equity guidance. So I think you discussed this a little bit, but its $1.5 billion to $2 billion, and then $1 billion of that is the convert? And then it says you can do about $300 million internally. Is that – are you able to do that kind of level every year of $200 million to $300 million of equity internally to getting you to around the midpoint or higher end if needed?
Jerry Norcia: Yes, David for the next few years, we should be able to do up $200 million to $300 million, a lot of that is going into funding our pension, which were a few years away from doing that.
David Fishman: Okay. And then my last question, I think, you’re alluding a little bit to, I mean, NEXUS, maybe there are some other parties, who are looking to potentially kind of term out those contracts, which is good. But also just thinking about the generation pipeline and connecting there, could you remind us what those contracts, kind of look like or if they’re – are they 5 years or are they in the double-digits? And then, also if you were to contract with them, would it likely be the off-taker side or would it be a producer looking into contract on NEXUS?
Jerry Norcia: Well, the generation pipeline, just to remind everyone, is very proximal to the NEXUS pipeline. And it stands on its own, with its own long-term contracts. And it gives us a nice return and nice accretion. The plan is to connect that asset with several miles of pipe to NEXUS. And that will provide approximately 400 million to 500 million a day outlet for that pipeline. But again, just to repeat, we do have long-term contracts, they are about 13 years in length, so very nicely contracted piece of pipe with demand charges.
David Fishman: Okay, great. Thank you. I appreciate it and congrats again.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Fremont of Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, good morning guys. It’s Anthony Crowdell.
Jerry Norcia: Hey, Anthony.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Crowdell: Hi. You may have addressed this on the actual call maybe two weeks ago. But one is just if you – what makes you confident on the competitiveness of the Haynesville? And then second, just if you could help me understand the difference between minimum volume commitment charges and also with demand charge.
Peter Oleksiak: So let’s start with the competitiveness of the Haynesville. We had the opportunity through this transaction to review all 1,700 of their proposed drilling locations. And we did that ourselves along with 2 reserve consultants. And we can tell you, after that analysis, we felt that the resource is extremely strong, whereby there are at least 10 years of drilling available at sub $2 prices. So that’s one. Number two, the pipeline is being constructed, creates great interconnectivity with the Gulf Coast markets, including industrial, power and the emerging LNG markets. And the proximity to those markets provides a very large basis advantage that other resource basins don’t enjoy. So we felt that the quality of the resource, the interconnectivity of the resource with growing markets, and three, the positioning of the resource, which provides it with basis advantage, create a really nice package of high returns and strong cash flows. In terms of MVCs and demand charges they are essentially the same thing. MVCs are monthly demand charges, just that in the gathering business they call it a minimum volume commitment. And in our pipeline businesses, including the pipeline that we’re building for this asset, they call it a demand charge. But they are essentially equivalent in nature.
Anthony Crowdell: Great, thanks. Thanks for taking my question.
Peter Oleksiak: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregg Orrill of UBS. Please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill: Yes, thank you. Apologize if you’ve said this already, but how much are you issuing in new converts related to the acquisition and when?
Peter Oleksiak: Yeah, we’ll be issuing approximately $1 billion. And we’re going to finalize the exact dollar amount here shortly, but it will be about $1 billion.
Gregg Orrill: And when would that be?
Peter Oleksiak: It will be here in the fourth quarter. We want to close this transaction early December. So we’re going to be looking at the market and working conditions, but it will be between now and then.
Gregg Orrill: Thank you, Peter.
Peter Oleksiak: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Fishman of Morningstar Research. Please go ahead.
Charles Fishman: Good morning. I only have one left. On the P&I segment, I didn’t hear you talk or give any update on any industrial projects. I think with the last one you had was the Ford complex? Or is that something you want to wait the EEI for or anything you can talk about now?
Jerry Norcia: We essentially have secured 3 co-gens this year. One we were – two we were public about, Stelco, in Ontario with their Lake Erie Works facility. We signed a long-term arrangement with them to develop a co-gen Facility. And then we also have a commercial customer that we haven’t yet disclosed that we signed a purchase agreement with, the purchase at co-gen facility. And lastly, we signed an operating agreement with Wayne County for their correctional facility to operate their industrial services assets. In addition to that, we also closed two RNG projects in Wisconsin this year. So, three co-gens and two RNG projects, which gives us to be approximately the $15 million origination target that we are pursuing this year.
Charles Fishman: So, I guess, gas price somewhat bearish outlook that people have, that is a little bit of a tailwind for these co-gen projects, correct?
Jerry Norcia: Yeah, there are really two factors. One is the fact that gas prices continue to be at low levels. And secondly, electric rates continue to rise, so the spread between gas and electric to produce power continues to widen and that creates an attractive opportunity for customers that have won a large electric need. And two are usually typically have steam host as well.
Charles Fishman: So it’s when a customer has that thermal need is where you see the opportunities?
Jerry Norcia: Yes.
Charles Fishman: Got it. Okay.
Jerry Norcia: There is a high thermal need and a large electricity need. Those two factors make co-gens very attractive.
Charles Fishman: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And now I would like to turn the call back over to Jerry Norcia for any additional or closing remarks.
Jerry Norcia: Well, I’ll wrap up by thanking everyone for joining the call. 2019 again is shaping up to be another very successful year. We look forward to seeing many of you at EEI in a few weeks, where we will describe in more detail our growth strategies and our 5-year outlook for each business line. We’ll also describe our financing and dividend strategies in more detail. DTE story will continue to be a strong one into the future that will deliver premium shareholder returns. So thanks again for joining us and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That will conclude today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Barbara Tuckfield. Please go ahead.
Barbara Tuckfield: Thank you, Christian, and good morning everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone to read the Safe Harbor statement on page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix of today's presentation. With us this morning are Gerry Anderson, Executive Chairman; Jerry Norcia, President and CEO; and Peter Oleksiak, Senior Vice President and CFO. We also have members of our management team to call on during the Q&A. And now, I'll turn it over to Gerry Anderson to start our call.
Gerry Anderson: Well, thank you, Barb, and good morning, everyone. So I think you're all aware that I turned over the CEO role to Jerry Norcia effective July 1st. So I have long believed that one of the most important responsibilities that I had as CEO was to at some point hand off the job to a great successor at the right time. And I'm fully confident that I'm doing that. And one of the characteristics of strong healthy companies is that they execute seamless leadership transitions, transitions that don't involve a lot of drama or sharp shifts in strategy. We've been preparing for this transition for years literally, almost since the day I took over. And back in December of 2018, I told the Board that July 1st of this year felt right to me. So it's been a real honor to be DTE's CEO for the last nine years. I'm extremely proud of what the company accomplished for you during my tenure, but DTE now has a great new CEO, and I am confident that he will do great work for you and continue our pattern of outperformance. Jerry and I have worked closely together for more than 15 years. He is a great business leader. He also has a big heart for the people of DTE and for the communities we serve. He brings great experience to the role. He led our Gas Storage & Pipeline business as its President. And then was President of our gas utility, our electric utility and then eventually played the role of President and COO of DTE. He is a strong businessman. I think those of you who have met him know that. He also has the right values to lead this company. And so the CEO role will be in good hands as Jerry continues executing the vision that we shared together for DTE. That said, I'm not leaving DTE Energy. Moving forward I'm going to serve as the Company's Executive Chairman. And in that position, I'll act as an advisor to Jerry and business and strategic issues. So he and I will remain in close contact. But I'll bring a particular focus to DTE's community, state, federal and broader industry roles. One of the most important things an energy company can have for its success is a positive context within which they operate. A context within which your community leaders and state legislators and regulators and federal players view you as a good company trying to do the right things and understand that you actually are doing that, and therefore, want to see you succeed. And I continue to focus on that, I'll continue to be a strong advocate for DTE's success but I'm going to step back from many of the day-to-day role, as I played as CEO. That's Jerry's work now, and I'm fully confident that he will do it very well. It's been a pleasure working with and for all of you over the years, and I look forward to continuing to see many of you from time-to-time on the road IR events. And with that, I am going to turn things over to Jerry Norcia.
Jerry Norcia: Well, thanks, Gerry, and good morning everyone. I'm very grateful for the confidence that Gerry and the Board have in me to lead this company through what I believe is such an exciting and transformative time in the energy industry. DTE's top priorities remain the same to be a great energy company, committed to foster a world-class employee engagement culture, to drive customer service excellence, to be a force for good in our communities, and to deliver distinctive shareholder returns. Also, I want to thank Gerry for his mentorship and support since I joined DTE Energy. In his tenure, leading DTE, Gerry led the transformation of our culture, drove a highly successful growth agenda and put us on a path to reduce carbon emissions more than 80%, and a way that also supports customer liability and affordability. He readied DTE for long-term success, and I look forward to building on a strong foundation that he set. I'm very optimistic and excited about the future of DTE, because of our best-in-class team of employees as well as the historic opportunity to reinvent the way we produce and deliver energy for our customers. I am honored to be leading this great family we call DTE now and into the future. This morning, I'm going to give you a recap of our performance for the second quarter of 2019, as well as an update on our long-term growth plan. Then I'll turn it over to Peter, who will provide a financial review of the quarter and wrap things up. So let me start on slide 4. We continue to make great progress on several key fronts. Our second quarter financial results are solidly on track with our plan. With one half of 2019 behind us, I'm confident that DTE is well positioned to raise our EPS guidance midpoint by $0.05. This guidance raise is mainly based on colder winter weather at the gas company and warmer late June and July weather at the electric company. This increase takes into consideration the significant storms we expected – experienced this past weekend, and in total 600,000 customers were impacted. It all should be restored by the end of the day. We've made really good progress on this front. I want to express my gratitude to our employees, contractors and nearly 900 workers from as far as Georgia and New York leading our restoration efforts. In total, we had well over 2,000 people deployed in the fields, and many more in our operation centers working around the clock to get service restored to our customers. Longer term, we continue to target a 5% to 7% operating EPS growth rate through 2023, where 2019 original guidance is a starting point for this growth. All of our business have accomplishments to note this quarter, and I will give you a brief overview when we go into more detail on the following slides. So back in May, DTE Electric received the constructor rate order from the Michigan Public Service Commission that supports the modernization and automation of our grid. It also supports an aggressive Tree Trim program, both of which will result in significant improvements in the service reliability to our customers. Including this order, was approval for Charging Forward, which is our new program for electric vehicles. This program will bring the benefits of EVs to more Michigan residents and businesses through incentives, customer education and charging infrastructure growth. We also filed a new rate case in July of the electric company and we recently received approval for the purchase of three new Michigan wind parks. At DTE Gas, we have a number of projects that are progressing nicely, including our accelerated main renewal program, and additional transmission system improvements. At our Gas Storage & Pipeline business, we acquired an additional 30% of Link, bringing our total ownership to 85%. This additional stake in Link complements our existing midstream business, that's supported by solid underlying resources. This acquisition is organic in nature and stems from assets that we are already very familiar with. Link's performance has been better than pro forma since we acquired it in 2016. And we expect it to continue to perform well into the future. Moving on to our Power & Industrial business, we are pleased to announce three new cogeneration projects. These are in addition to the RNG projects mentioned on the first quarter call. We are very excited about our involvement within the industrial energy services space. As you all know, our REF earnings will sunset in 2020 and 2022. The long-term plan for P&I is to replace these earnings as we move forward toward our 2023 earnings target range of $125 million to $135 million. We are ahead of plan to originate approximately $50 million of earnings per year to reach this target. As you know, we successfully originated projects that achieved that growth target in 2017 with the Ford Motor Company project and two RNG projects in 2017. And in 2018, with two additional RNG projects. We feel great that halfway through 2019 we have secured three cogeneration and two RNG projects, which gets us to our origination target for 2019. I'll provide more details on these P&I developments on the following slides. But first, I want to highlight several significant achievements of both utilities on slide 5. As I mentioned earlier, the electric company received a constructive rate case order in May. We continue to have very constructive working relationships with the Michigan Public Service Commission, and look forward to working with the newly appointed commissioner Tremaine Phillips. We're approved for a total rate base of $17 billion, to continue to harden our system and make necessary improvements for our customers. We're also given the opportunity to surge our tree trim efforts, which will serve our customers well, most of our damage over the past weekend was related to trees. So I believe that the surge will certainly drive significant improvement in the performance of our system. And we're grateful for that. In early July, DTE Electric filed a new rate case. In this filing, we requested that the MPSC approve a $1.3 billion rate base increase, driven by continued infrastructure investments to ensure generation availability and improved distribution reliability. This continued reliability will be achieved through upgrading our circuits. The filing also requested the redesigning of substations to avoid system overload, and adding more remote operating capabilities to detect and restore outages more quickly. The rate case filing includes a 50:50 debt equity capital structure and a low income renewable pilot program that will better enable low income customers to participate in our MIGreenPower voluntary renewables program. We expect the final order on this case next May. As Michigan's leading producer of renewable energy, we received approval for the purchase of three new Michigan wind parks, which qualify for a 100% federal tax credit, resulting in savings that will benefit our customers. Two of the projects, totaling 383 megawatts are located in mid-Michigan will be the largest clean energy projects in the state, as well as the largest renewable energy projects in DTE's portfolio. The third project is a 72-megawatt park in Michigan's Upper Peninsula, which may alternatively be used to support additional sales under the Michigan -- under the MIGreenPower program, which is our voluntary renewables program. These products will increase the company's renewable energy portfolio nearly 50%, furthering DTE's commitment to providing clean, affordable and reliable power to its customers. Investing in the renewable energy is a key part of our commitment to reduce carbon emissions by at least 80% by 2040. Adding these new wind parks to our portfolio will help us meet the clean energy needs of our largest customers who have chosen MIGreenPower. We have aggressive plans to expand our voluntary renewable energy programs, enabling more customers to reduce our carbon footprint and meet personal or business sustainability goals. We are proud of the environmental and economic benefits these projects will bring to Michigan. DTE's renewable projects not only benefit the environment, they are also helping drive Michigan's economy. DTE has driven investment of more than $2.8 billion in renewables since 2009 and will invest an additional $2 billion over the next five years. DTE's renewable energy projects have created or sustained more than 4,000 Michigan jobs while powering the equivalent of more than 500,000 homes with clean energy. As I mentioned earlier, DTE Electric also launched their Charging Forward program, which is our new initiative for electric vehicles. We'll be able to provide a rebate of up to $500 to a residential customer who purchases or leases a new or used EV, installs a qualified charger, and enrolls in a special rate beneficial for EV charging. DTE's business customers can also receive incentives on our EV charging equipment. We are thankful for the support of both, the Michigan Public Service Commission as well as our auto industry partners and environmental advocacy groups in supporting our EV program. Also in late June, along with CMS, we renewed the license for our Ludington hydroelectric plant. The Pumped Storage Plant is the second largest in the U.S. with a capacity of over 2,000 megawatts and takes advantage of the unique geography we enjoy here in Michigan. We are investing in $800 million to upgrade Ludington, which will add 300 megawatts of capacity and prepare it for a long-term future. The upgrades are on schedule to be completed in 2020. The plant generates hydroelectric power and supports our renewables generation, because it acts like a giant battery that can be tapped when renewable output drops. The plant pumps water from Lake Michigan uphill through a 27 billion gallon reservoir at low demand times and releases the stored water and energy downhill through the turbines to generate electricity when energy demand is higher. Ludington can ramp up to peak output in just 30 minutes and provide sustainable, clean, reliable energy source. It also helps to keep energy bills lower, because it allows DTE Energy to avoid having to buy expensive out-of-state electricity when demand peaks. Our new Blue Water Energy Center is also progressing on plan. We broke ground last year and received all the necessary permits. The plant is a little over 20% complete, with an expected spring 2022 in service date. A significant amount of civil work has been completed and we expect the turbines to arrive on site later this year. Six days a week, workers are representing numerous trades around the site to support the $950 million project. Moving on to our gas company, I mentioned we are progressing on several fronts. Our accelerated distribution main renewal program is on track. We have completed 48 miles this year, and will complete 178 miles by year-end. Over the past several years, we have replaced over 650 miles, with plans to replace an additional 3,500 miles by 2035. We're also developing plans -- invest in additional system improvements, including a transmission of renewable program following our risk-based approach to support the growth, integrity and reliability of our gas transmission system inside our utility. We are utilizing our risk model prioritize upgrading or replacing approximately 100 miles of transmission lines by 2037 and compression in the range of 81,000 horsepower by 2035. We'll be working with our regulators and demonstrate reasonableness and prudency of these programs. Together these programs showcased the great things that are going on here in Michigan. Now I'll turn to our non-utilities on slide 6. Starting with our Gas Storage and Pipeline business, we feel great about the progress year-to-date as well as the outlook for the rest of 2019 and beyond. The second half of the year, GSP earnings will increase from the first half of the year for a number of reasons, including the acquisition of an additional 30% of Link. Also, as you remember, we are acquiring the Generation Pipeline, which is consistent with the strategic growth plans DTE and Enbridge for NEXUS. The acquisition is progressing through regulatory proceedings as it is on track to close in the second half of this year. Additionally, replace Millennium's Eastern system lateral upgrade and service late in the first quarter of this year. Finally, the Link expansion is progressing quite well, we're expanding the system and connecting new gathering resources. Due to all these factors, we expect GSP to have a very solid finish in 2019. Next, I'll walk through our Power and Industrial business. This quarter a number of deals, we've had in the works came to fruition. We are finalizing three new cogeneration projects. First, we finalized a development agreement with Stelco, developed a strategic cogeneration project at their Lake Erie steel facility in Ontario. DTE's experience in a cogeneration space will enable Stelco to reduce its energy cost by utilizing excess industrial gases and reducing exposure to peak electricity pricing. Also, we are purchasing a CHP plant that serves a commercial customer. This project provides hot and chilled water to the facility, fits well within our gross strategy to provide on-site energy for large commercial and industrial customers. Both of these investments are underpinned by long-term off-take agreements. Finally, we will also operate a CHP plant here in Detroit at the Wayne County, Criminal Justice Center. P&I will design, build and operate county-owned central utility plant, and provide hot and chilled water and backup power. The Justice Center is on track to begin operations in 2022. On the RNG front, we have closed on two greenfield projects, we mentioned on the first quarter call. Both projects are located in Wisconsin, where we have built a strong RNG presence, based on our extensive experience there. For competitive reasons, we don't discuss the returns on these non-utility assets, but I can tell you that they get better than utility returns and the capital investment for all the projects I just discussed is in excess of $300 million. As I mentioned earlier, we feel great about our recent project developments and how they fit into our plan to replace our REF earnings, which will sunset in the near future. And with that, I'm going to turn it over to Peter to share our financial results.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. Before I get into financials, as you know, I would like to give an update on the Detroit Tigers. At this point in our rebuild process, the eye is definitely on the future in the farm system. At this one point, Casey Mize was our number one pick last year to pitch a no-hitter this year in the minors. So the present is currently dark, but the future is looking bright. And the financials are consistently bright here at DTE, let me turn your attention to the financial results, now I'll start the review on slide 7. Total earnings for the second quarter were $183 million. This translates into $0.99 per share for the quarter. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. Earnings for the quarter are lower than the second quarter last year, primarily due to unfavorable weather this year. Let me start my review at the top of the page with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $134 million for the quarter. This was lower than 2018, largely due to cooler weather and rate based growth cost, offset by the impact of new rates implemented in May. DTE Gas at second quarter 2019, operating earnings of $4 million and this is $10 million lower than the second quarter of 2018. The earnings decrease is driven primarily by the $10 million tax timing item, I mentioned on the first quarter call that is reversing this quarter, as well as less weather favorability in 2019. And this was offset by the impact of new rates implemented late last year. Let's move down the page to the third row to our Gas Storage and Pipeline business. Operating earnings for our GSP segment were $50 million for the quarter. Last year, we had one-time positive earnings related to AFUDC at NEXUS and higher than planned volumes across the portfolio. This year we have normalized earnings at NEXUS and volumes are on plan. As a result, this quarter is down $10 million versus the second quarter of 2018. GSP is performing according to plan through the second quarter, and we will see the benefit in the second half of the year from the volumes on Link that continue to ramp up. And we also see the full impact of the Millennium expansion and recent acquisitions. On the next row, you can see our Power and Industrial business segment operating earnings were $29 million. Earnings are $14 million lower than the second quarter of 2018 and this decrease is due mainly to the REF tax equity transactions that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2018. And as we communicated previously, we entered into equity partnerships in our REF units to accelerate cash flows around $100 million per year for the next three years to support growth projects. This lowers earnings this year around $40 million versus 2018. Also, I would like to note that most of the new projects originated over the last few years will start adding to earnings later this year and early next year. Our Energy Trading business had an accounting operating loss of $2 million, earnings are lower this quarter compared to the second quarter last year due to the lower gas portfolio earnings and timing of realized economic earnings. Our trading company is having another solid year. Year-to-date economic earnings are on plan and in line with guidance. The appendix contains our standard Energy Trading reconciliation are showing both economic and accounting performance. And finally, Corporate and Other was favorable $9 million this year compared to the second quarter of last year and this was due primarily to the timing of taxes. So, overall DTE earned $0.99 per share in the second quarter of 2019. Now on to slide 8, given the strong start to the year for both our utilities driven by favorable winter weather at our gas company and favorable July weather at our electric company, we are increasing the 2019 operating EPS guidance midpoint by $0.05 to $6.20. The earnings were lower than the first half of last year. This was contemplated in our original guidance. And as you know, DTE enters each year with contingency and this year was no exception. We mentioned in the first quarter call, we've built additional contingency with the winter weather at our gas utility and electric company has had a strong first half of the year with additional weather related earnings coming here in July. The weather favorability over and above our increased guidance will be held for reinvestment and storm expenses associated with this warmer than normal weather. This sort of planning has been one of the keys to our success and providing predictable results every year. Now I'll wrap up on slide 9 and then we'll open it up for questions. In summary, I feel confident in achieving our increased 2019 guidance, keeping us on track to beat our original guidance for the 11th consecutive year. For the past 10 years, we beat original guidance by an average of $0.25 per share. We are also well-positioned to continue our 5% to 7% operating EPS growth in the years to come. The utilities continue to focus on necessary infrastructure investments specifically for investments to improve reliability and the customer experience. Our non-utilities continue to position us for long-term growth. Finally, I feel very good about our ability to continue to deliver the premium total shareholder returns that we have delivered over the past decade. And with that, I'd like to thank everyone this morning for joining us and Christian, you can open up the line now for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Okay. We will now take our first question from Praful Mehta from Citigroup. Please go ahead. Your line is…
Praful Mehta: Thanks so much. Hi guys.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning
Praful Mehta: Good morning and congratulations, Jerry.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you very much, Praful.
Praful Mehta: All right. So maybe the first question on the quarter. The weather clearly impacted the electric side. Just wanted to understand when you highlighted the lower performance of Q2 2019 versus Q2 2018, you highlighted weather and rate based growth costs. Could you clarify a little bit exactly how much was weather, and what exactly is rate based growth cost and what was the impact of that part of it?
Jerry Norcia: Yeah. The weather availability that we have in the appendix as well the actual amount. We did have a cooler, its $44 million for the quarter. So, it's been relatively significant from a weather perspective. We had a hot weather last year and the second quarter; first part of June was actually relatively cold for us. So, a good portion of that decline that you're seeing there is weather related. Now the term rate based related cost that is depreciation, interest expense, property tax related to rate base. Now that is more than offset by the new rates that were deployed in our last rate case.
Praful Mehta: I got you. Great. Helpful. Thank you. And then in terms of the increased guidance for 2019. It sounds like the benefit from what you saw in July is flowing in there as well. How much of that benefit is a part of like the $0.05 increase that you had for the 2019 guidance?
Peter Oleksiak: Yeah, we can't really -- I can't really give exactly the number yet for July, but I can tell you that July is one of the hotter July's we've had here in recent history. So I'd say a good portion of that as it relates to that. Now we did hold back some of that weather favorability here in July. Some of those is for the storm that we've experienced, Jerry mentioned that we do traditionally give back a portion and when we have the extreme weather we had in July, two storms. So we're going to be funding that as well as holding back for reinvestment. We'd like to do that as well especially with customer centric and facing that projects.
Jerry Norcia: Yeah. One of the things I'll add is that the contingency levels that we have in all our business units feels quite strong at this point in time, and that's why we felt comfortable with raising guidance at this point. So we still continue to hold a significant amount of contingency in our plans for the balance of the year.
Praful Mehta: Great. That's super helpful. And just finally in terms of the equity issuance, any clarity on timing of how we should think about the equity between 2019 and 2021?
Peter Oleksiak: Well, we did mention and we wanted the $1 billion to $1.5 billion over the next three years, $250 million of that this year. We've done already $165 million for this year. So $250 million target this year. We'll give an update at EEI for our plan for next year. And let you know, our goal would be to be at the lower end of that $1 billion range. And if we do that with continued strong performance like we're seeing this year and we do hope contingency, we don't need that contingency to be at the lower end of the range, but we'll give a fuller update here in the fall.
Praful Mehta: Got it. Very helpful, thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Shar.
Constantine Lednev: Hi, good morning, sorry, it's actually Constantine here. I was on mute for a second. Just a quick question on the expectations for future acquisitions and capital that's getting deployed in the GS&P segment. How is that tracking versus the prior guidance that you provided? I think it was roughly $4 billion to $5 billion over the course of the plan and just curious to see how kind of with the current acquisitions and the expansion that's going?
Jerry Norcia: Sure. So we mentioned the four organic investments that were -- are progressing quite nicely this year. The Link expansion, the Millennium expansion, which is complete. The Link expansion will be complete later this year. We completed the Link acquisition, the bolt-on acquisition, and we're also looking to complete the Generation Pipeline acquisition. All of that feeds quite nicely into our 2019 plans and 2020 plans. So we feel like we're aligning up growth quite nicely for that platform over the next two years. We are looking at acquisitions, we always do. The market has actually become -- starting to bring a lot of opportunities forward as we see some midstream companies under severe stress from a balance sheet perspective, as well as we see producers redirecting capital toward our drill bit. We're starting to see opportunities float our way and we're being very selective and very disciplined about how we look at those. So, feeling pretty good about the prospects of that business line right now.
Constantine Lednev: Okay, perfect. And just one quick follow-up, just a housekeeping item on the -- to go for the rest of the year, the raise in the utilities guidance, the earnings contributions there is mostly going to be driven by rate cases and reinvestment, is that correct?
Jerry Norcia: That's correct.
Constantine Lednev: Okay, perfect. Perfect, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question; it comes from Michael Weinstein from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Michael.
Operator: Your line is now open.
Michael Weinstein: Sorry about that, I was on mute. Hey congratulations to both Jerry’s.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you, Michael.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Michael Weinstein: And first question I had is about the delays in other pipelines throughout the country, such as you know Atlantic Coast Pipeline, non-volatile pipeline. I am wondering if that's -- what opportunities that may be giving you guys for long-term contracts at NEXUS, if any, are you seeing any difference there?
Jerry Norcia: We're starting to feel that for sure. I mean with these projects being delayed and uncertainty developing in those projects, certainly there is a lot more interest in some of our pipeline platforms to move the growing Appalachian basin. Just to give you a feel for the basin grew about 13% year-over-year from a production volume perspective. So we're still of the view that this basin will go short pipe capacity over the next year or two. And that's going to play in our opinion very favorably and our assets are positioned to take advantage of that, especially NEXUS.
Michael Weinstein: And also the company has a history with the fuel cell industry a long time ago, and I'm just wondering if there is any potential opportunity at P&I to maybe pursue that once again at some point in the future as the technology starts to improve?
Jerry Norcia: We haven't looked at that lately, I mean, we're really focused on our cogeneration and renewable natural gas. Those are the two primary business lines, but we have not looked at that in some time.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Andrew Weisel from Scotia Howard Weil. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Weisel: Hey, good morning, everyone. And again, just want to echo congratulations to both Jerry's outstanding work and looking forward to the next chapter.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: My first question is on the wind farm acquisitions, you gave the IRP out in March and talked about the plans to grow your renewables. My question is does this change simply the timing as far as accelerating when the wind capacity will grow? Or would this be more incremental renewables in the mix? And -- impact the timing of coal plant retirements.
Jerry Norcia: Well the renewables that we -- renewable parks that we're acquiring and building out are part of our plan and included in our current forecast. And I think that's really it. Does that answer your question?
Andrew Weisel: Yeah, I guess, so in other words, this doesn't change the outlook for the mix, it just gives better visibility. Is that a fair way say?
Jerry Norcia: Yeah. We had filed this some time ago as part of our renewables build-out program to meet the 2016 energy legislation goals would be in at 15% by 2021. So this 455 MW accomplishes that plus also gives us the opportunity to sell into the voluntary renewables markets.
Peter Oleksiak: And Andrew, this is Peter. Just to further add to Jerry. At EEI, we mentioned, we had 600 MW of voluntary renewable, so this help support that as well as our compliance with our state, state plan.
Andrew Weisel: All right, great. As good as that. Then my other question on midstream, you briefly talked about the Appalachian gross -- gas production recently though the activity has really been moving down with the commodity. The rig count is down about 20% or so since April and probably continuing to fall. Does this change your outlook at all as far as activity in the basin or utilization of your system?
Jerry Norcia: We watch activity in and around our pipelines very closely, producer activity that is. And what the producers said they were going to do this year, they are doing in terms of drilling and connecting wells to our system. So we're seeing the volumes right on top of our forecast, actually, that also plays well into next year as they drill wells this year also feeds our growth for next year. So we're seeing them do what they said they're going to do. I think the one thing we are seeing is more companies coming forward and looking to sell some of their midstream assets, which I think will make it pretty interesting for us going forward to look at some of those. So we feel really good about where we sit right now. And I did mention that the basin grew about 13% year-over-year in terms of production volumes. We're forecasting about a 5% to 6% growth rate going forward. So we are forecasting what we would call a slight slowdown, but that's built into our forward-looking view for this business line.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, very good. And lastly, you just mentioned some midstream M&A, we've seen some activity recently with the assets that have passed out. Were there any specific characteristics you didn't like or is it more a function of price discipline?
Jerry Norcia: We look at assets that won great value for us obviously and secondly that are either early or mid cycle growth. We don't like buying assets that are very mature and they will provide us with upside opportunity. And then we also look at the resource base, that's the third thing we look at it there, gathering related type assets. And we do a pretty hard scrub on resource base, because that's really what drives the opportunity for growth and value in the future. So that's the criteria that we use. So if we pass on assets, that likely doesn't meet one of those three criterias.
Andrew Weisel: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from David Fishman from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Fishman: Hi, congrats to both Jerrys again.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you, David.
David Fishman: So just kind of continuing on that theme, I think you did a good job of outlining those three points. But do you guys, when you think about adding value for your system, does this -- do you usually focus more on opportunities that would connect to an existing portfolio and kind of smaller bolt-on or is this really going to be more just opportunistic for somewhere that you see growth kind of in the future? So I'm thinking about Generation Pipeline or FTG those have the potential to connect your system and grow from there?
Jerry Norcia: All of our growth in this business line has been in the Great Lakes region. So we'll continue that will be our primary focus, that continue focusing on the Great Lakes region. If an asset opportunity represent itself outside of the region that we understood, or would create value, we would be open to that, but our primary focus is in the Great Lakes region.
David Fishman: Okay, that makes sense. And then just one quick follow-up on the regulated guidance, I know you mentioned very favorable weather in July so far. Have you guys gotten a bit of a sense of what the storm impact might look like over the past weekend and just curious if you guys have insurance or how you think about some of the leverage there?
Jerry Norcia: So, these kind of storms usually come with a really, really hot weather and I can tell you that the hot weather far outstrips the expense for this storm, so we're net ahead and that's why we feel comfortable that we're actually building contingency in the electric business line even with the guidance raise, and the answer on insurance is, no, we don't carry insurance for storms.
David Fishman: Okay that makes sense. And then one last question, just on cogeneration and kind of how you think about the opportunities set there and how maybe from our standpoint, we should think about where the opportunities might lie. Do you typically -- is this something where you'd contract with more newer facilities? Are those going through kind of transformative investment plans, kind of like Ford, Dearborn with a 10 year plan. Stelco they have two facilities but naturally you want with kind of the newer one. As we just think of the new exposure to Toledo corridor, should we be looking for new facilities, specifically as the potential opportunity sets?
Jerry Norcia: Yes, so the criteria that we use is, of course we examine the site that we're investing against in the business that we're investing against very carefully. So, we look at the long-term viability and prosperity of the site that we're going to invest against as a cogeneration investor. And so that analysis is something that we do in a great level of detail. And once we get comfortable with that, then it's really about negotiating a return that is more attractive than our utility returns before we deploy capital. And so that's how we look at those types of investments of the site and the business on a site is really important. In terms of the Toledo corridor, we are seeing a lot of action, mostly combined cycle plants that are building up in and around the NEXUS pipeline. So, we're excited about that and we're actively pursuing, connecting some of those assets for the NEXUS pipeline. So, that's what we're seeing in that -- in the Ohio corridor that we are most -- that we can most influence results there.
David Fishman: Okay, that's very helpful color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gregg Orrill from UBS. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Gregg Orrill: Yes, thank you and congratulations.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you, Gregg.
Gregg Orrill: So, the 50 -- just to maybe reconfirm on the origination goal at the P&I business of $50 million a year, you said--
Peter Oleksiak: It's 15.
Gregg Orrill: Sorry.
Peter Oleksiak: I'm sorry I just said it's $15 million a year. That's correct.
Gregg Orrill: Okay and you reached the goal for 2019, is that what you were saying?
Peter Oleksiak: That's correct. We feel, actually, we may have exceeded it somewhat as well.
Gregg Orrill: Okay. Thank you.
Peter Oleksiak: With the pilot projects.
Gregg Orrill: How much do you think a project is contribute?
Jerry Norcia: We really don't disclose how much each project contributes. But I can tell you that the -- where we that -- five projects that we're talking about will generate about $200 million of capital investment and that those returns are in excess of our utility returns. So, that might give you a feel for what kind of income is being generated.
Gregg Orrill: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Paul Patterson: Congratulations guys.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you, Paul.
Paul Patterson: It's been quite a road and well congratulations. And I guess the question I have for you is and this is a special inspection for Fermi, and I think we're going to get a report like in 30 days or something like that.
Jerry Norcia: Yes.
Paul Patterson: But I was just wondering sort of given how nuclear economics are challenged around the country and of course, the special inspection just maybe think generically, what is the long-term plan for Fermi? And are there any opportunities maybe to replace this? Or just how are you guys thinking about that?
Jerry Norcia: Well, Paul, it's a great question. I -- we view Fermi in a very positive light and let me explain why. One it is a regulated asset. So, we don't operate in the merchant market where everything trades toward variable cost. And the price that we can produce carbon-free energy from that plant and the amount of power that we can produce from in a carbon-free way. I don't think any other renewable resource can touch it. So I feel like it's is a bit of a jewel in terms of our future and provides us great options in the future to produce highly economic and carbon-free power. So, we see a long future for Fermi
Paul Patterson: Okay.
Jerry Norcia: And then I think the issue that you referred to as a something that's existed at the plant for 30 years we've managed it well with the regulator and we're working with the regulator to move that issue to a good conclusion. And of course as you know, we will always do the right thing at a nuclear plant.
Paul Patterson: Yes. Once again, congratulations.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. As there are no further questions in the phone queue at this time, I would like to hand the call back over to you, Mr. Norcia for any additional or closing remarks.
Jerry Norcia: Well, thank you, Christian. And with that, I'll wrap up by thanking everyone for joining the call. We've had a great first half of the year as evidenced by our increased guidance and I feel really good about the position we are in to continue our solid track record of delivering premium results. I look forward to providing you with updates as we move through the year. Thanks again for joining us. We appreciate the questions and we'll talk to you all soon. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Barbara Tuckfield. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Barbara Tuckfield: Thank you, Rachel, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone to read the Safe Harbor statement on page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements.  Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix of today's presentation.  With us this morning are Gerry Anderson, Chairman and CEO; Jerry Norcia, President and COO; and Peter Oleksiak, Senior Vice President and CFO. We also have members of the management team to call on during the Q&A section. Now, I’ll turn it over to Gerry to start the call.
Gerry Anderson: Thanks Barb. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. So this morning, I will give you a quick recap of our performance in the first quarter. And then I will turn it over to Peter to provide a financial review, and then Jerry Norcia will take you through some of our investment activities, a bit [ph] around our long term growth, and then we'll take your questions.  So I'm going to start on slide 4. So we continue to make good progress on several key fronts. First of all, I'll just start by saying that our first quarter financial results were strong. And they added materially to the contingency that we have for the balance of the year. So we came into the year with contingency and we've added to that in the first quarter. And given that, with a quarter behind us in 2019, I'm really confident that we're well positioned to deliver on our financial plans this year and extend our streak of being able to meet our commitments to you. Longer term as you know, we continue to target 5% to 7% operating EPS growth through 2023. And just as a reminder, our initial guidance for 2019 is the starting point for that growth.  So a big part of consistently reaching our financial goals is our workforce and our company's culture. And I'm pleased to say that just about a month ago, we received Gallup's Great Workplace award for the seventh consecutive year. And Gallup has been in this business for a long time, decades. And over that time period, only 10 other companies in their global database have ever gotten seven of those awards in a row. So it says a lot about sort of the focus and mindset of our people and I'm really proud of that accomplishment for our people. So as we look forward to the next five years and we continue to invest heavily in our capital plan, we also remain committed to a strong balance sheet. Our plans call for us to issue $1 billion to $1.5 billion in equity over the next three years with up to $250 million of that this year. Peter will talk a bit more about that in a few minutes. I think most of you are also aware that the State of Michigan is in the midst of a fundamental transformation in the way we generate electricity. And in line with that, last month, we filed an integrated resource plan in which we laid out our thoughts on how we will generate electricity in the future. The IRP, which was submitted to the Public Service Commission on March 29, outlined the steps that we will take over the next five years and beyond to transform to a cleaner generation mix. And we'll do that by adding substantially more renewables, by increasing our energy efficiency investments and by retiring our coal plants sooner than we had previously announced. So for context, in early 2017, so two years ago, we were one of the first energy companies in the industry to voluntarily commit to reducing carbon emissions 80% by 2050. Well, our plan over the last two years has evolved and we've accelerated that commitment by a decade. So our IRP lays out that we will reduce carbon emissions 80% by 2040. And near-term, we've committed to a 50% carbon emissions reduction by 2030 and a one-third reduction by 2023. I'll talk a little more about our IRP in just a minute. In our gas utility, DTE Gas, we're accelerating the pace of gas main renewal. So that'll have us investing an additional $450 million in capital over the next five years. And that'll happen within our infrastructure recovery mechanism, and that reduces the timeframe to complete the main replacement program from 25 years to 18. So with the weather having broken here, our team is fast at work beginning to take on a spring and summer and falls of gas main replacement activity.  In our gas storage and pipeline business, we're moving for the completion of our acquisition of the Generation Pipeline, which should be finalized in the second half of this year. So the acquisition of the Generation Pipeline is fully consistent with the strategic growth plans that we have for NEXUS and fits very well with NEXUS' goals like customers in Ohio, especially Northern Ohio, as well as Michigan, Chicago, Ontario and other markets with Marcellus and Utica gas as those resources continue to grow. And in our power and industrial business, we continue to see progress in the development of both industrial energy services projects, and new renewable natural gas or RNG projects.  So we are finalizing agreements for two new RNG projects to be incremental to the projects we've developed in recent years. And beyond that, we continue advanced discussions to secure additional RNG projects later this year. We also expect our Ford Motor Company cogen project to be operational in the fourth quarter of this year. So construction is sort of moving ahead at a fast clip on that project, and we're also finalizing the acquisition of a new cogeneration project, and Jerry, our COO will describe that in a few minutes. So moving on to slide 5, I mentioned the IRP earlier and we submitted that. And the IRP lays out, the plan you can see on the left hand side of slide 30 between now and 2030. And you can see I mentioned the fundamental transformation in our generation. Well, the next decade alone brings a very market shift in the way that we generate power. And I think ensures that Michigan will continue to be a leader in the transition to cleaner energy sources nationally.  So the plan -- our IRP provides a very well defined and specific strategy for powering our homes and businesses over the next five years. So between now and 2024, as well as what I call a flexible plan for the 2025 to 2040 period. And we're flexible longer term because as you know, technologies, as well as the markets we serve, and the MISO marketplace more broadly, are all going to continue to evolve in ways that are hard to predict long-term. And so we need a flexible plan to take account of that. So we're quite specific for the next five years and then introduce more flexibility longer term.  What is a fixed marker though is the plan to reduce carbon emissions 50% by 2030 and 80% by 2040. And that plan as we model it, is not only achievable, it's achievable in a way that works for both affordability and reliability for our customers. Now it will require substantial investments. So to achieve the goal, we will be aggressively investing in renewables. And the next five years call for us to invest approximately $2 billion in renewables to more than double our renewable production capacity by 2024.  Those investments are going to target primarily wind over the next few years, because wind is still more cost effective in Michigan, than is solar. But we do anticipate a shift to solar in the 2024 timeframe, because solar costs continue to become more competitive here in the State. We're also expanding our voluntary renewable program, and this has been really interesting in recent months. The voluntary program offers homes and businesses the opportunity to buy more clean energy. And in the process accelerate our state's transition to overall carbon reductions and sustainability goals. This also allows individual companies to meet their ESG goals. And we've seen this play out in a significant way in the first quarter of this year, when we announced partnerships with Ford, General Motors and the University of Michigan for sizable transactions. Together these three customers have signed contracts that we will be supplying by investing in over 350 megawatts of additional wind production. So that's over and above what we will be investing in to meet our utility goals. And we will be investing over $600 million of capital to pull that off. So big moves on the voluntary front in the first quarter, and we expect more contracts like these down the road. We're also moving our previously announced retirements of the Trenton Channel power plant and the Sinclair Power Plant, both coal fired power plants, we're moving the closure of those plants up a year to 2022. The River Rouge plant will be coming off in 2022, as well. So we have three substantial coal plants coming off in just a few years. And the key factor that allows us to close those plants in 2022 is the fact that the Blue Water Energy Center, our new natural gas combined cycle plant is proceeding through construction well, and we're now confident that it will come online in 2023 to help backfill for those three coal plants that will come offline.  Blue Water is key to our system reliability as we take off about 20% of our peak capacity production with those coal plants because it will be there when we see the normal fluctuations in renewable power when wind isn't blowing or the sun isn't shining. But the construction on Blue Water is coming along very well. And so we're able to accelerate the retirement of a couple of those coal plants. So with that, I'm going to turn things over to Peter to give you a little more detail on our financial results. Peter, over to you.
Peter Oleksiak : Thanks, Gerry. Good morning, everyone. For again to financials, as you know, I always like to give an update on the Detroit Tigers and if you hear a smile on my voice here, that's because we won both games of a doubleheader yesterday against the Red Sox. So we are above 500. An exciting start to the season and hopefully we can build on the wins we've had here in April.  Let me turn the attention now to financial results for DTE, I'll start the review on slide six. The first quarter came in strong with earnings at $374 million. This translates to $2.05 per share for the quarter. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix.  Let me start my review at the top of the page with our utilities. Both utilities benefited from a cold start of the year versus last year. And the first row are the results of our electric utility. DTE Electric earnings were $147 million for the quarter and this is $5 million higher than the first quarter of last year. This increase is driven primarily by colder weather and the impact of new rates implemented last year. Our electric business also had higher O&M and increased depreciation and other expense related items to rate base growth.  DTE Gas had first quarter 2019 operating earnings of $151 million, and this is a $40 million increase from the first quarter of 2018. The earnings increase is driven primarily by the impact of new rates, implemented late last year and colder weather. There's also approximately a $10 million related tax timing item that we reversed in the second quarter of 2019. Let's move down the page to the third row to our Gas Storage and Pipeline business. Operating earnings for our GSP segment were $48 million for the quarter. The quarter results are also in line with our 2019 full year guidance. Last year, we had one time positive earnings related to AFUDC earnings at NEXUS as well as return to normal gathering volumes this year unless [ph] you got a very strong year across all of our platforms.  As a result this quarter is down $14 million versus 2018 first quarter but in line with this year's annual guidance. In the next row you can see our power and industrial business segment, operating earnings were $26 million. Earnings are $16 million lower than the first quarter of 2018. This decrease is due mainly to the REF tax equity transactions that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2018. As we've communicated previously, we entered into equity partnerships in our REF units and accelerated cash flows about $100 million per year for the next three years to support other growth projects.  This lowered earnings this year around $40 million versus 2018. Also I can note that most of our new projects P&I originated will start adding to earnings late this year and early next year. Our Energy Trading business had operating earnings of $5 million and earnings are up $4 million from last year. Our trading segment had a particularly strong quarter with its power portfolio. Economic contribution was up significantly quarter-over-quarter. The appendix contains standard energy trading reconciliations showing both economic and accounting performance. And finally corporate and other was $13 million favorable compared to the first quarter last year due to the timing of taxes. Overall DTE earned $2.05 per share in the first quarter of 2019 and this is $0.14 higher than the first quarter of last year.  Let's move to our balance sheet on slide 7. We expect to issue between $1 billion and $1.5 billion of equity over the next three years, including $250 million this year. This year, year-to-date, we've already issued $150 million mainly with contribution of equity into our pension plan in the month of March.  Our credit metrics are well within the targeted ranges set by the rating agencies. So we continue to maintain a strong balance sheet, which supports our capital investment program and growth plans, and positions the company to continue strong investment grade credit rating.  With that I'll turn it over to Jerry Norcia, who'll go over our utility and non-utility growth projects.
Jerry Norcia: Thanks Peter. As Gerry mentioned DTE had a strong start for the year and we continue to build on our solid long-term plan that we laid out at the platform. I want to highlight several significant achievements of both our utility and non-utility businesses.  So I'll start on slide 8. In January, the Michigan Public Service Commission approved DTE's proposal to expand our Michigan Green Power program, other businesses and industrial companies, which can bring power's [indiscernible] the renewable program Gerry was describing.  This program is now available to all DTE customers' level, residential, commercial and industrial customers. And in February [Technical Difficulty] operating Wind Park in Michigan, as well as DTE's most cost effective wind project to-date. The 65 turbines will provide enough clean energy to power more than 50,000 homes. Last summer, we broke ground on our Blue Water Energy Center, our natural gas combined cycle power plant that will help meet our goal of reducing carbon emissions. Gerry highlighted the fact that Michigan is undergoing an energy transformation and how our recent IRP filings define how we will be moving our generation fleet to cleaner energy. That plan provides for necessary home-grown 24X7 power at times where renewable resources aren't available, while also aggressively, as you heard growing our renewable energy portfolio.  So moving on to our gas utility, DTE Gas has begun to implement elements of the last time's approved rate order, including our accelerated main renewal program. I'm very pleased with the progress of this program, which will ramp up significantly now that the weather has broken. Additionally, we announced plans to reduce methane emissions from our gas utility by more than 80% by 2040. We have made good progress on this effort so far from our baseline levels, achieving a 20% reduction through 2018. We are also leading an industry coalition of 3 [indiscernible] aimed at reducing methane emissions and the supply chain of pipes and producers. Now I'd like to move on to our non-utility businesses. I'll start with an update on growth opportunities at our gas storage and pipeline business. On our year-end call we announced that NEXUS is acquiring Generation Pipeline, on the 50-50 partnership with Enbridge. This is an example of an add-on business that fits directly within GSP's long-term growth strategy.  Millennium Pipeline completed a 0.2 Bcf per day expansion. In the first quarter, which now brings the pipe to 1.2 Bcf per day. We have numerous additional expansion opportunities within our current gathering and transport platforms.  Moving on to NEXUS and Link, they continue to perform well. NEXUS is contracted to approximately $900 million a day with long-term contracts. It is drawing [ph] approximately 1.2 Bcf a day and the balance of those contracts are short-term contracts. Link asset have been performing very well, I would say better than planned.  Next, I will walk through our power and industrial business. As Gerry mentioned, our P&I business continued to see progress in development of both industrial energy projects and renewable natural gas. We feel the RNG market is poised to continue its growth trajectory into the future. An addition to the project was secured in 2017 and '18. We are finalizing agreements on two new greenfield RNG projects. And we continue advanced discussions to secure additional RNG projects in 2018. On the industrial energy side, we're focusing on our co-generation business. Along with our Ford Motor project, we are in a late stage negotiations on additional co-generation projects. We will provide the details as this progresses and moves towards close. Along with these projects, our P&I queue continues to be very strong. Now I'll wrap up on slide 9, and then we'll open it up for questions. To sum it up, I feel great have our first quarter results and our position to continue our growth in the years to come. Our utilities continue to focus on necessary infrastructure investments, specifically investments in clean generation and investments to improve reliability and the customer experience. Our nonutility businesses continue to position us for growth.  Our balance sheet is strong and we have solid credit ratings. I'm confident that we are on track to continue to deliver on our long-term 5% to 7% operating EPS growth rate. And I feel very good about our ability to continue to deliver the premium total shareholder returns that we have delivered over the past decade. With that, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. And Rachel, you can open it up for questions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll now take our first question from Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Constantine Lednev: Hi, good morning, guys. It's actually Constantine for Shar, He had to hop on another call. Congratulation on good earnings. Just one kind of quick question, for you Gerry, thanks for going over the business growth at GSP. So one other thing that I wanted to ask was you mentioned that there's kind of a mix of greenfield and gathering opportunities and some potential strategic acquisitions in the future.  In terms of thinking about how you're going to deploy capital into that business, what's the mix there and how are you thinking about it?
Gerry Anderson: Well, our first order is always organic growth. What we're seeing right now is significant opportunities, organic opportunities in our existing platforms. And Generation Pipeline is an example of that, as we close that and then move to connect with the NEXUS it'll be a great market sync for that pipeline. We also have several other opportunities across all our platforms that we're pursuing, that we feel real good about. And those are organic in nature, either connectors or expansions. And in addition to that we do see opportunities for strategic asset acquisitions that connect to these platforms, we'll look part of those.
Constantine Lednev: And magnitude wise, do you think it's going to be closer to something like generation or slightly bigger, just thinking about the overall kind of $4 billion to $5 billion number over the five years?
Gerry Anderson: Right, I think we're -- right now we're focused on building out that opportunity set and I can tell you that we're, I would say we're in line with our guidance this year, in terms of growth capital for both P&I and GSP and feeling really good about that opportunity pipeline. And we continue to secure -- as we secure those, we're securing EPS growth for the future.
Peter Oleksiak: But I would say in addition to that, that things we've looked at for acquisitions have ranged anywhere from the scale of generation pipeline, to the scale of Link and lots of things in between. The other thing I'd say on our capital numbers is we're a lot more focused on value and accretion then we are a capital number and earnings number. And the organic things tend to come in harder with better returns, less capital, some of the acquisitions that set you up for more of that, maybe larger capital numbers, but at least at the outset, a little bit lower accretion.  So to continue growing we need a mix of those things. And we're looking at a series of first of organic and then see the range of things we've seen for potential acquisition is all over the map from pretty small bolt-on to things that are a bit larger on the scale like Link.
Constantine Lednev: Okay, and just a quick follow-up on also on the GSP business. You mentioned kind of a mix of shorter term contracts on NEXUS. Is there plan to fill that with longer term contract or is the kind of economics working favorably right now on keeping it the way that it is?
Gerry Anderson: So short -- certainly the answer  keeping it the way that it is. So short -- certainly the answer is yes, we're looking to move the balance of the capacity to longer term contracts. We feel some of the tailwinds, there are that the basin that we're operating and continues to grow, we expect 5% to 6% a year, which is significant. It's producing about 28 Bcf a day, a day now. And so we view that as a -- sort of strong tailwind.  In addition to that we're seeing some other pipelines face strong headwinds, if you will, in terms of going into service. We find ourselves in a pretty good position with available long-term capacity that we can place or we see the prices being right and the term being right. And that's what we're really working towards just trying to get the right price and the right time for these contracts, long term contracts. So we're happy to take the short-term contracts in the meantime.
Constantine Lednev: Okay. 
Peter Oleksiak: I would say that we're consistent with what we've really been saying for about a year, which is, we see the base and going short takeaway in the early 2020, 2021, 2020 timeframe. And that's what producers will be targeting. Of course, if some of the pipes in the region delay or don't get built, it intensifies that dynamic.
Constantine Lednev: Great. That's really great color. And just one kind of last one on a little bit more of a strategic end, as you kind of mentioned the 25, 75 and non-regulated to regulated business mix. So is that kind of target going forward for the next 5 years?
Gerry Anderson: Yes, as we model forward that's where we keep landing. 
Constantine Lednev: Okay. And kind of the IRP, I guess supports some of that growth on the regulated front?
Unidentified Company Representative : Yes, that's right. IRP, voluntary renewables and as you know, we're in a heavy capital replacement program in both distribution or operations as well, gas and electric. So yeah, that's what keeps the mix even though we're growing the other businesses keeps the mix at that 75, 25 roughly.
Constantine Lednev: Okay. Perfect. Thanks. That's it for me.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Praful Mehta of Citigroup. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 
Praful Mehta : Thanks so much. Hi, guys.
Gerry Anderson: Good morning.
Praful Mehta: Good morning. So maybe just touching on the IRP and the whole retirement of coal plants, I wanted to understand from an economic perspective most utilities almost have a benefit on customer bill, these are diamonds. How are you seeing that play out in your IRP? Do you see customer bill impacting positive flat or bills going up? How do you see that playing out in your IRP plan?
Gerry Anderson: So what we've talked about on our bills overall is that our goal is to keep as we invest both in distribution and generation, keep our rate increases to low-single-digits. And we think, we'll be able to do that. In some regimes, if you get into the Great Plains where wind may come in at $0.02, you can displace fuel costs in a way that you may see benefits to bills. We're trying to get our renewable additions in with modest increases and that's what we're seeing. So there's enough capital here and we bring say wind in today at $0.045.  So we have good wind regime in Michigan, but it's not the best in the country. Certainly a long way from the worst too, it's a good regime, but not quite as strong as you might see in the Great Plains. So I'd say, we're bringing it out in a way that works for customers and is going to keep our overall bill increases affordable and workable.
Praful Mehta : Got you. So not as good at benefit, but it is manageable within the current plan? 
Gerry Anderson: Yes, I mean, we wouldn't be out saying we can go down 50 and 80, if we hadn't modeled that this is workable from a price and reliability perspective. We spent a lot of time studying that, and absolutely is workable. And generally speaking, I think technology is going to continue to evolve in ways that make this more workable, and probably make things happen faster than people anticipate today. 
Praful Mehta: Got you, interesting. And the other interesting point you brought up on the voluntary contracts, is that something you expect would push the process of this transformation sooner? And how does that then play into bills to these people who sign up the voluntary contracts bear an incremental burden for the transition for those particular contracts?
Gerry Anderson: Well, the contracts are signed up with customers. So the balance of the customers don't pay for those. So GM is paying for their renewables, Ford, UM. And so what that means is as the utility we have said that will have at least 25% of our supply from renewables by 2030. This voluntary could push us up to the range of 30 for the state, with some of that being utility commitments, and some of it being individual customer commitments.  So the RECs for these projects are assigned to those specific customers and retired by those customers, and in the name of those customers. So we can't use it for utility compliance. It accrues specifically to GM, Ford and the University of Michigan.
Praful Mehta: Got it. Okay, that makes sense. Thanks for that. And then just finally, just a simple clarification question, when you talk about the gas business, Q1 ‘19, versus ‘18, the $40 million uplift that you experienced in ‘19, only partly is explained through weather and the one-time, I think the tax impact that Peter also talked about. What else is driving the improvement and why doesn't that show up on an annual basis in terms of an uplift for the gas side? It seems like the annual number is still the same. So just trying to understand and reconcile how Q1 performance doesn't kind of flow through?
Peter Oleksiak: We've had a very strong start to the year. You mentioned some of the items. We have some of them that are kind of one-time nature. We have weather variability this year. And we also have some tax items. Last year, we booked some accruals related to tax reform. We gave significant benefits back to customers. About half of that $40 million, we looked at the weather and tax timing year-over-year. The other is more permanent. We have a new rate case, last year, we have new orders, new rates coming in.  We do see a disproportionate amount of that coming into the first quarter just because half the volumes for the year play out in the first quarter. So we see a lot of capability with the new rates coming in as well as we have NEXUS related revenue coming in with NEXUS in service, that's the other half.
Gerry Anderson: In NEXUS we had investments in the utility to enable NEXUS. Those actually benefit the utility customers. They see a benefit, but there are earnings tied to that. So between the new rate case which internalized new capital in the rate base and the NEXUS impacts, that's an equivalent impact of what the weather and timing items were. 
Peter Oleksiak: So very strong start. And Gerry Anderson did mention in his opening remarks around continuously we're building this year and we do have some contingency we are building [ph] for gas utility. 
Praful Mehta: Got you. Well, thanks so much, guys. Appreciate the color.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, everyone. 
Gerry Anderson: Good morning. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Nice. So I just wanted to follow-up on the IRP discussion. First, just to be exceptionally clear about what's reflected in your CapEx budget today, obviously, the gas plant is but with respect to generation investment on a longer dated side, how does that reconcile with some of the updated and accelerated timelines that you propose in the IRP?  And then secondly, and related obviously, we've seen some developments on consumer energy's IRP of late and some specific settlement terms. How do you think about the ability to settle your own IRP, and I know, again, I appreciate it's early, but some of the critical pieces, such as recovery on PPAs, and again, more broadly, with respect to PURPA, if you can comment, at least initially, as you see it.
Gerry Anderson: Yeah, so the IRP, as I said, is very specific for the first five years. And then after that, we actually proposed a range of scenarios that may play out depending on how technology and other factors evolve. And when you look at the first five years, they're very consistent with the plan that we laid out at EEI last year. So Blue Water is in there, as expected. The renewables that we need to build to meet the 2021 commitment that we have under the RPS are all in there.  We do have voluntary renewables in the plan. We have 600 megawatts in. But we are only one quarter into that plan, and we signed up 350. So we're feeling awfully good about being over halfway, only a quarter into the first year of the five years.  And I do think there'll be more of that, as other companies continue to look hard at what they need to commit to their investors and their customers. So that's going well. So I would say, on the whole, the IRP is entirely consistent with the plan that we laid out at EEI and makes us feel really good that we're on track to achieve it from that perspective. Concerning CMS and their settlement, I think you'd probably be better to direct questions of settlement and terms and so forth around that to them.  We could settle, although I don't know that I anticipate that. Ours is a pretty early in the process. And then I think it's a pretty straightforward IRP in the sense that most of the discussion is specific, is near-term and it's all things that have been out there for the commission to see for a long time. So wouldn't think the first five years would be controversial. On PURPA, we actually got a staff order on our PURPA case today that I think continues to evolve that policy in the right direction and in a positive way. In our case, couple of specifics were that they found that we had no capacity need -- no need for capacity. So any PURPA projects would be attached with energy only prices and if the day does come that we're determined to have a capacity need, they set the price at the Blue Water Energy center price which is in the $0.045 range, which is pretty consistent with the renewables that we're bringing on, as I mentioned earlier.  So the new assets that we're bringing on are in the $0.045 range. And so that's where roughly where they've set the price, which is a good evolution from, I'd say the -- some of the early thinking on how PURPA pricing might be handled. So we feel positive about all of that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it understood. And then separately, just to clarify this voluntary renewables, I know you mentioned it already. But is there a timeline on getting the rebalance of the 300 to 600 resolved?
Gerry Anderson: Yeah, I mean, within five years, is that -- it's in our five year plan. So we've had a really fast start to the effort. I mean, we are looking to bring in 250 megawatts more over the remaining four years and three quarters.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. And then just lastly, anything quickly on replacing the remainder of the midstream acquisition plays?
Gerry Anderson: I think we answered that earlier with we're looking at a whole range of potential or both organic and sizes on acquisitions if we execute those. So I don't know that there's more to say than that. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay, fair enough. Just maybe just wanted to be crystal clear. Thank you very much.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from -- just a moment, sorry -- from David Fishman of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Fishman: Hi, good morning. Another follow-up on the IRP. As you guys already mentioned, the filing of one more wind capacity up front, far less solar heavy, relative to some others in Michigan, largely due to cost competitiveness. But when you think about the mix between DT Electric owning versus PPA in this capacity and how other dockets have progressed, does wind present a more compelling utility own proposition relative to solar over the next five years in Michigan? Or they're not really material differences between owning and PPI if it's wind versus solar?
Gerry Anderson: Well, look, one of the reasons that the legislation in 2016, it was passed in '16 about to enable companies to own 100% is that between 2008 and 2016, when there was a 50-50 split, there just was no compelling evidence that third-parties were bringing in wind capacity or renewable capacity more cheaply. In fact, we were always, DTE was always at or below the third-party. So the legislation in '16 enabled utilities to own the renewable capacity. And that's what our plan calls for.  We think we can absolutely do that at or below what third-parties can. And as you said, near-term that means wind, but long-term, we're convinced we can do the same on solar, and that we will be bringing solar on at or below what third-parties can, and that's our plan.
David Fishman: Okay, thanks. And then one follow-up on P&I, I know we talked about RNG projects in the past, I mean you announced acquiring our cogeneration projects. Are there any kind of incremental insights you can provide on kind of returns contract duration, and maybe how late in the cycle that cogeneration project is? Is it already developed or are you just kind of buying the rights?
Jerry Norcia: We are -- the contracts are long-term on the cogeneration projects, the cogeneration project that we're looking at, that we're in the final stages of discussion on. So I can say that.
David Fishman: Okay. But are -- so is this a completed kind of cogen project that you're just acquiring, once it's done? Or is this something where you'll be having an organic aspect to it? 
Jerry Norcia: The one that we're in final stages on is an existing facility -- operating facility. 
David Fishman: Okay. And high level, are there much competitive advantages with buying an existing cogeneration project? Are you able to bring gas from the GS&P [ph] or anything like that?
Jerry Norcia: But I can tell you that the returns are favorable and north of typical utility returns with a long term contract. So we feel good about our position there.
Gerry Anderson: I'd also say that our group who does that, probably does have operating cost advantages over other operators. Like any business, you can do a really good tight job of running assets or you can mess it up. And they've got 20 years of experience running these projects. So really understand how to do it efficiently. 
Jerry Norcia: And the asset is critical to the operation of the facility that it's connected to. And so operating experience and expertise is fundamental and certainly a competitive advantage. 
David Fishman: Okay.
Gerry Anderson: The other one is, that one is being finalized, we can't say too much specific about much -- more specific about it, and until perhaps it's done in public. But I will say the combination of that, plus the 2 RNG projects we mentioned, get you a long way down the road toward the $15 million that we can got that business targeting this year for incremental earnings growth. But there's as Jerry mentioned, the significant amount more in the queue that's very active behind those three projects. So he and I continue to feel like the opportunity set is good. 
David Fishman: All right. Thank you. Congrats again on a good quarter. 
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Michael Weinstein of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 
Michael Weinstein: Hi, guys. How are you doing.
Gerry Anderson: Good.
Peter Oleksiak: Hi Michael.
Michael Weinstein: Hey, a couple questions on the -- in the electric rate case, the infrastructure recovery mechanism. Is that -- if that isn't approved, what happens with the next filings over the next few years? How does it change things?
Gerry Anderson: One proposal they've made is that we setup a work group to work out the details on the IRM rather than use the rate case to finalize that. And that would be fine, if it's the way it plays out. I think there, Jerry, you talk. But my sense is there continues to be a real interest in the mechanism but a desire to work through the details. 
Jerry Norcia: Yes, we spent a lot of time with commission staff creating an understanding of our investment profile over the next five years. And I would say there's been really strong support, as we invest in reliability and modernization of the grid, as well as our generation fleet, modernizing and transforming that fleet. So there's good visibility into our plan.  So there is the opportunity to have an infrastructure renewal mechanism to sort of accommodate well understood capital. But I think like Gerry said, it's going to take some time to work through the details with the staff and the commission. And so our expectation is it is likely not going to happen in this rate case. And the consequence of that is it will be in for regular rate cases. So I think if we can get one done benefit is that we can lock in long-term investment plans and drive efficiency into those plans for our customers.  So we see value there as well as reducing the frequency of rate cases that are pretty straightforward.
Gerry Anderson: The staff proposal was to set up a work group to continue to work through the details. 
Michael Weinstein: And working group is better than a rejection. Okay. On the gathering and processing, can you talk about volume growth and what you expect that to be over the next few years? What it's been this year and specifically on Link, what's the capacity utilization rate on the Link system at this point during Q1?
Jerry Norcia: What I can tell you is that, we expect the Appalachian base in which most of our assets, all of our assets are really connected to grow at 5% to 6% over the next 10 years or so. That's very positive. I mean, it has grown faster in the past, but I think as the basin matures, as well as capital discipline has entered into the production, capital markets, we see -- we project a 5 % to 6% growth. And we think that our assets, Link, Bluestone, Millennium, NEXUS are well positioned to competitively attach that volume growth.
Gerry Anderson: So and you asked specifically about Link, Link continues to perform, as Jerry mentioned earlier, ahead of the pro forma that we had for it. We mentioned last year a new gathering contract, we are in the middle of building that out. The drilling that we see around Link is proceeding kind of exactly as we anticipated, actually, in this year's plan.  So there is talk of producers not getting out over their skis with capital they spend to chase resources. But in terms of the drilling we're seeing around our gathering assets, it's right in line with what we expected and right in line with our plan for this year. So that, I guess domain you'd say is proceeding well for us in 2019. 
Michael Weinstein: I think you had -- last update was that it's 80% contracted. Is that still the latest you're willing to talk about or is there an update to that?
Jerry Norcia: I don't think we…
Gerry Anderson: I don't think we've talked about contracting levels. It's certainly rising. We're growing into it. And there are various components of the pipe too. So there's a Southern Leg and a Northern Leg and each of them have their own dynamics. So it's not like a point to point pipe like Millennium is it's quite as easy to sum up that way. But…
Jerry Norcia: Like we've said in the past that there's significant amount of expandability that we could secure on a pipe. And as matter of fact, they are under construction right now with a significant expansion on that pipe, to support a customer need with long term contract. So we're in expansion mode right now on Link.
Michael Weinstein: Right. And on P&I, are you guys ahead of plan for $15 million a year of growth? I mean, it sounds like there's -- it sounds like you're doing better than you expected. Is that fair? 
Jerry Norcia: Yeah, we're doing better than we expected at this point in time in a year. I mean, we have approximately most of our growth locked in that we expected the lock in this year and with the very strong queue behind it. So we expect more good news in P&I as we go forward.
Michael Weinstein: Right, and I had one final question on just the equity share account. Are you guys including the Link conversion, the equity conversion, in this year's guidance for share count and also in the quarterly numbers?
Peter Oleksiak: Yeah, we are including that. My disclosures I gave on the call, which is a 1 to 1.5 to 2.50 this year does not include it. When we disclose the share count it doesn't.
Gerry Anderson: Yeah. So we've got 1 to 1.5 plus, the converts that will come in as equity. And of course, those are all in our EPS forecasts and the five year plan that's been -- we've been forecasting that convert for years now. The 1 to 15 would be over and above that.
Michael Weinstein: Makes sense. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Greg Gordon: Thanks, good morning.
Gerry Anderson: Good morning.
Greg Gordon: When you look at the first quarter results in GS&P and the decline in overall earnings associated with coming back to more normal volumes, I know that the fiscal year guidance was for overall lower overall. But is that sort of in line with your expectations and reflective mainly of the Atlantic Sunrise pipeline coming online and those volumes being diverted to that pipe?
Peter Oleksiak: Greg, this is Peter. First of all last year we indicated that we had a really strong year $62 million first quarter last year, $48 million this year. So that's the $14 million decline from $62 million. We had a [indiscernible] accounting for NEXUS also hit all about platforms, pretty hot.  So that $14 really million is the combination of the returning from [indiscernible] accounting as well as normal volumes. When you look at the $48 million you annualize that and also you take a look at the growth we have for the year Gerry Anderson was mentioning the Link.  On the last question we're feeling really comfortable with this year's guidance. And we're not anticipating any other pipelines not coming in service and volumes coming from that. It’s really just contracted growth that we’re already constructing that’s going to help us get to the guidance.
Gerry Anderson: Put another way the first quarter results were right in line with our plan for the year so we’re just fine. 
Greg Gordon: Got you. Yeah, I know you guys didn’t call out earlier the flip from AAPDC so I didn’t recall that. So it’s a combination of the AAPDC and volumes normalizing but still down the fairway of how you had thought it would play out so that…  The second question I have, a little off the beaten track, when I look at your IRP, as I recall and I did it review it recently I didn’t see any call out specifically for a significant commitment to battery storage. Can you talk about that and what type of technology or vendor you might decide to partner with? Just reading recently that for instance that Arizona Public Service down in the Southwest has deployed a fairly significant chunk of battery source and recently had a major equipment failure from the large vendor and I was wondering as you look at that landscape how are you thinking about that?
Gerry Anderson: One thing that's unique to Michigan is that we have a massive battery that’s existed in the state for a long time known as the Lamington pump storage facility. So that things we’ve been investing along with consumers, over $800 million in that facility in recent years. And it takes it up over 2,000 megawatts. That’s fourth biggest pump storage facility in the world, a couple in China and one here in the U.S. that are larger. And so we had [indiscernible] actually do some modeling recently on forward needs for storage, as we build out our renewable assets in the state and they just don’t show much of a need because a lot of the short term fluctuations that renewable will introduce in Michigan can be handled by Lamington.  So what we see for batteries is more niche investments for example at substation stocks, investments on our distribution systems. So we will have some but, for the reasons I just described I think the big dollars will be in the renewable assets themselves versus storage within Michigan.
Greg Gordon: Excellent, I’ve been to that facility. It’s really an impressive site. Thank you, take care.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jonathan Arnold : Yeah, good morning guys.
Gerry Anderson: Good morning.
Jonathan Arnold: Just coming back to the new cogen acquisition and previously you’d been talking about the plan in that business that would focus on developing new opportunities. I thought is this -- are you still on that track and this was an opportunistic opportunity that came along or is this shift in focus?
Jerry Norcia: I think your assessment is accurate Jonathan. We are focused on developing Greenfields in this space and we have several of those opportunities underway that are addressing [ph] quite well actually. This was an opportunistic acquisition opportunity.
Jonathan Arnold: Do you see others…?
Gerry Anderson: We have for example at Greenfield that I’d say it's an advanced development quite interesting. That would be a new build, would be the next one we’re looking at behind this. So if we see these come along as an acquisition opportunity bolt-on that gets our return and skills we’re happy to do it, but we do continue to develop Greenfield actively as well.
Jonathan Arnold: Great and then just on RNG you said you were finalizing these two last quarter as well. So I'm just curious is that of -- is that something that’s come up that’s making this take longer, is it just the process, what’s the kind of update on getting those over the finish line?
Gerry Anderson: Well the deals are done on those two, really we’re in due diligence phase from a development perspective, make sure that we’re happy with everything that we’re closing in on from an economic perspective. But we feel really good about it we expect them to go forward.
Jonathan Arnold: So is that -- you are just still in due diligence and you were in due diligence couple of months ago, and do you think that any of these will close?
Gerry Anderson: Just to be specific, we were in late development a few months ago. The contractual terms are agreed to now, but you always have -- once who’ve agreed on terms conditions et cetera in a definitive way you always have a period of final due diligence where you make sure the assets you're buying, fit the description and so forth. So they're working way through that, but they're very late in that process. 
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, so since you last updated us, you've gone to terms and moving forward effectively.
Jerry Norcia: Yes, I fully expect we will move forward on these two RNG deals. 
Jonathan Arnold : Right. I think, that's it. Thank you guys.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Andrew Weisel of Scotia Howard Weil. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Weisel : Hey, good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in at the end of the hour here. First, just a couple questions on wind. For the voluntary renewables program, I just want to be clear would those assets sit in the rate base or outside of it, notwithstanding the dedicated rates that you mentioned. Are rates negotiated or would it be a cost plus with something like a 10% ROI. And going forward given the size of Ford and GM, would most of the growth tend to come from residential and commercial customers or industrial? And does that matter from a rate to margin perspective? 
Gerry Anderson: So the contracts are signed with individual customers and their five year term. We expect them to evergreen, because a lot of these companies have long term commitments they've made. They -- if they, any individual customer didn't renew they do revert into rate base. So they behave a just like a rate based investment. They essentially are utility asset that behaves like rate base. And in terms of returns, those are negotiated with individual customers to work for us and work for them. I think he can think of them is pretty much rate based assets.
Andrew Weisel : Okay, so the returns will be comparable to the rate base ROE, right that was in?
Gerry Anderson: Yes.
Andrew Weisel : Perfect. Okay, great. Then just one last one on midstream. You mentioned that you're expecting that tightness in takeaway capacity for Appalachian Gas and the next day two years. Others might be less confident thinking that there could be sufficient availability for a while, especially if people assume a slower rate of production growth than you do. So just to be clear, would you need to see that market tightness to hit your 2023 operating income targets? Or would that represent upside here to your plan?
Peter Oleksiak: Well, we look to -- I mean NEXUS is running full from a contractual perspective, based on available capacity, what we'd like to see is turning out those revenues and at favorable pricing. So I, we still are pretty confident that we're going to achieve long term contracting on this pipe. And move our short term contracts to long term. The basin is growing. I mean, last year, it grew 18% year-over-year. We are forecasting what we believe a pretty conservative growth profile 5% to 6% going forward. And that's what's built into our five year plans.
Gerry Anderson: The discussions that we're having now with producers are very consistent with what we've been telling you for some time. They're active. And we still do see that tightness coming in the early 2020s. I've been telling investors, this capital discipline that people talk about, I think it's a short term phenomenon in the sense that demand five years from now is what demand five years from now is.  And the fact that producers are being more disciplined about not getting way out ahead of it and producing a surplus, it makes sense for producers, but it really doesn't affect what the demand is in 2022 or 2023. And all the modeling that we see on fulfilling long term demand continues to see substantial growth out of the Appalachian base broadly. But then as you get into some of the stronger sub markets within the Appalachian basis, they grow beyond the pace of that 5% to 6% that Jerry mentioned.  So you're well exposed to the right theology, you not only see growth, you'll see more than your fair share.
Andrew Weisel : All right, thank you very much.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to hand the call back to our host.
Gerry Anderson: All right. Well, look, I want to thank everybody for joining the call. As I said at the outset, we're off to a really good start to 2019. We're in a strong position to have a year. We've, I think, increased certainty of outcome for 2019. And so we're feeling like we can add 2019 to a decade worth of meeting our forecasts and earnings commitments for you. Look forward to giving you further updates mid-year and beyond, the host of investment opportunities that we’ve laid out for year as well. Thanks again and look forward to talking to you soon. 
Operator: This concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the 2018 Year-End Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Barbara Tuckfield. Please go ahead.
Barbara Tuckfield: Thank you, Tracy, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings, provided in the appendix of today’s presentation. With us this morning are Gerry Anderson, Chairman and CEO; Jerry Norcia, President and COO; and Peter Oleksiak, Senior Vice President and CFO. We also have members of the management team to call in [ph] during the question-and-answer period. And now, I’ll turn it over to Gerry to start the call.
Gerry Anderson: Thanks Barb, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. So this morning, I’m going to give you a recap of our 2018 performance and then I’ll turn it over to Peter. We will provide financial highlights and thoughts on our 2019 guidance, which we will reaffirm. And then finally, Jerry Norcia will provide an update on our long-term growth plan business unit by business unit, and he’ll wrap things up and open it up for Q&A. So turning to our 2018 accomplishments starting on Slide 4. We have a lot to be proud of this as we look back on 2018 at DTE. We logged another strong financial year at DTE, and made great progress on many other fronts as well. Our operating EPS was $6.30, that’s 13% higher than 2017. And it’s 9% higher than our original 2018 guidance. This is the 10th consecutive year that we’ve exceeded our earnings guidance. Our cash flow came in $500 million above our plan, which sets us up nicely for 2019, providing a lot of balance sheet flexibility. We also increased the dividend by 7% coming into this year, and we’ll target 7% dividend growth through 2020. We certainly recognize the importance of that sort of dividend growth in delivering premium shareholder returns to you. Our employee and customer and community initiatives also achieved strong results in 2018, and I’ll touch on those in a bit more detail in a few minutes. With the New Year under way, I’m also confident that we are set up well for success in 2019. I feel really good about the plan that we put together for the year. And a month then, I feel good about how 2019 is starting for us. For example, NEXUS announced that it has signed an agreement to acquire generation pipeline, which is a 355 million cubic feet a day pipeline that provides future growth opportunities for NEXUS in the area around Toledo in Northern Ohio. This is a great fit for our GSP business, and it’s representative of the bolt-on asset acquisitions that are available to NEXUS, and Jerry Norcia will provide more details on that transaction in few minutes. Another accomplishment to kick-off 2019 is the signing of definitive agreements for voluntary renewables with two large industrial customers, totaling 280 megawatts. And there’s likely a third large contract that will follow in the near future. At the last fall we told you that voluntary renewables would become an important new area of investment for us, and these transactions are our first concrete moves in that direction. Another item I’d like to mention is the recent severe cold snap that we experienced here in Michigan. In January we saw record breaking temperatures in our state. And our gas and electric teams did a great job, and our assets performed well. And of course the weather produced strong demand which will give our two utilities a solid start to the year. So let’s move on to Slide 5 now to discuss some of the employee and customer and community successes from 2018. And I’m really proud of these accomplishments. So for those of you who’ve listened to our calls in the past, you know how strongly I believe that if you want to be a great company and continue to achieve great results for your customers, your communities and your investors, your people need to bring great energy and focus to their work, it’s that simple. And based on the results of our Gallup engagement survey in the fall of 2018, I certainly feel good about our employees’ energy. We scored in the top 3% of all companies in Gallup’s worldwide database, it’s the highest level we’ve ever achieved at DTE, which is a great way to enter 2019. Earlier in 2018, we earned our 6th consecutive Gallup Great Workplace Award. We remain the only utility company ever to receive that award. And we hope we are on track to our seventh consecutive award here in 2019. Now onto one of the most important areas we focus on at DTE, and that’s employee safety. And I’m proud to say that 2018 was one of our maybe the safest years in our Company’s history. So we placed in the top 2% of the National Safety Council’s safety culture survey, and we ranked at the top of our industry on key metrics. In fact what’s known as our DART rate, that’s a measure of injuries that have some severity, that rate was the lowest in our industry. So our Company had the best performance on that of all companies in our industry. Safety is a big deal in our culture but it’s also a great indicator of employees’ level of focus and level of discipline. By having highly engaged and safe employees usually translates into serving your customers well. And because of the customer focus, our gas company ranked highest in customer satisfaction with business customers in the Midwest in J.D. Power study for 2018. Additionally, our electric and gas companies both ranked second in the Midwest for overall residential customer satisfaction. So we continue to target improvements in customer satisfaction results. I think our biggest lever for achieving that goal remains continued modernization of our grid and improvements in electric reliability that will come with that. And since we had one of the warmest years on record in 2018, we had the opportunity to reinvest significant revenue in the system to that end. Moving onto Slide 6. We’re also very explicit at DTE about our desire to be a force for good in the communities where we live and serve. And we don’t take that as the slogan or something that we take lightly. Our work in this area receives the same focus and the same discipline that our other key priorities get. So for example, we pushed our employee volunteerism to new heights in 2018 with over 50% of our employees involved in company volunteerism efforts. We also invested $1.7 billion in Michigan based and Detroit based business since last year. And it’s been a huge initiative for us. Since we made our original pledge to this effort in 2010, we’ve increased our annual spend with Michigan companies from $450 million per year to $1.7 billion per year, and we’ve invested over $9 billion with state owned companies over that time frame, which has helped to create support an estimated 16,000 sustainable jobs, more jobs than we have at DTE actually. The significant investments we’re making in Michigan businesses are paralleled by the investments we’re making in our communities. And this work in our communities is getting noticed. So Points of Light named DTE one of its Civic 50, the top 50 most civic minded companies in the nation, recognizing the community and customer focused approach that we take to our work. DTE was the only Michigan Company to be named and was acknowledged as the leading energy company nationally. J.D. Power also has chosen DTE as the number one energy company in corporate citizenship. Now the work I’ve just described on behalf of our customers and our communities helps to shape the broader context in which we operate in Michigan. And that’s really important work, and part of that context is our regulatory and political environment. And you all know how important turning a constructive regulatory environment is for a company like ours, especially when you’re investing heavily in the transformation of your utility infrastructure, which we are. We’ve always said that if you serve your customers well, manage your costs and rates well, and if you’re positive force in your communities, your odds of having effective regulation are a lot higher. Michigan currently earns a tier one ranking of regulatory environments. And that regulatory construct in Michigan has an important feature as we work our way through a period of heavy investment, including a special recovery mechanism for renewables, which allows for timely recovery of those investments, and an infrastructure recovery mechanism at our gas utility, which leads to timely recovery of gas investments and decrease rate case frequency. And there’s a similar mechanism under discussion for our electric business. Along with our constructive regulatory environment, we also have a new governor. And she will have the opportunity to appoint two new commissioners this year. We congratulate Governor Gretchen Whitmer, and look forward to working with her and the new commissioners. Finally, I’d like to highlight some of the 2018 accomplishments in the area of growth and value creation. The NEXUS pipeline was placed in service in the fourth quarter, on schedule and on budget. I don’t have to tell you that in the current environment this is no small feat. We also completed expansions of both Link and Millennium in 2018. Last year our P&I team acquired two new RNG projects and positioned us for further growth in this area this year. They also broke ground on the central energy plant at Ford Motor Company, which is a significant project for us. So along with the significant investments under way at our two utilities, these non-utility successes under gird our 5% to 7% long-term earnings per share growth rate. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Peter to talk about our 2018 financial results and our guidance for 2019. Peter, over to you.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks Jerry, and good morning everyone. Before I get into financials, I always like to give an update on my Detroit Tigers. Even though it’s cold here in Michigan, it’s warmer Florida. Spring training will be in full swing in less than two weeks and I feel really good about the Tigers in 2019 and beyond. We’re rebuilding the right way, we have some the best pitching prospects in the game, actually four of our pitchers in the top 100 prospects of Major League Baseball. Back to the business at hand, turning on to the financial results, I will start on Slide 7. DTE had a great year in 2018 across all of our business lines. DTE had operating earnings of $1.14 billion. This translates to $6.30 per share, a new high for the Company. EPS performance is a strong beat to our original guidance and you can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. Let me start my review at the top of the page with our utilities. Our utility is great. Financial performance was driven by an extremely hot summer and a colder than normal winter. DTE Electric earnings were $669 million for the year, and this is $52 million higher than 2017. This increase was driven largely by a hot summer as well as new rates implemented. We reinvested a good portion of this favorable weather back into the operations to improve customer reliability. And more detailed year-over-year earnings variance walk for DTE Electric can be found in appendix. DTE Gas operating earnings were $159 million, and this is increase of $10 million versus 2017. The earnings increase is driven primarily by cooler winter weather offset by increased O&M expenses. Now let’s move down the Page to the third row to our Gas Storage and Pipeline business. GSP operating earnings were $233 million for the year, this is $73 million higher than prior year. The increase is due to lower corporate tax rate and favorability across all platforms. In the next row you can see that our Power and Industrial business operating earnings were $163 million. Earnings are $39 million higher than in 2017. This increase is due mainly to higher REF volumes and steel related earnings. Our Energy Trading business also had a strong year, producing $40 million of operating earnings. Earnings are up $20 million versus 2017. Our Trading segment had a particularly strong economic year as Gas portfolio. The $40 million in operating earnings this year is consistent with our average economic income over the past 5 years and is also consistent with our EEI disclosures or expectations from the segment in our 5 year outlook. And finally our Corporate and Other was $53 million unfavorable compared to last year due to the lower tax rate, higher interest expense, and a significant one time item in 2018. Inside the $122 million loss for the segment in 2018 is a sizeable contribution to our foundation and other charitable causes. This will enable us to continue to be a force for growth in communities for years to come. Overall, DTE had a great 2018, earning $6.30 per share. Let’s move to our 2019 guidance on Slide 8. Jerry mentioned in his opening remarks, we are reaffirming our 2019 operating earnings guidance from the early outlook we provided on the third quarter call. Our 2019 operating EPS guidance range is $5.97 to $6.33, with a midpoint of the range at $6.15. This is 6.4% higher than our 2018 original guidance. We’re also reiterating our 5% to 7% EPS growth rate from the 2019 guidance. We’re projecting another strong year for cash flows in 2019, which will help fund our robust capital investment plan. The details of our cash and capital guidance for 2019 are included in the appendix. Before I turn the presentation over to Jerry Norcia, I’d like to mention that our 1 and 3 year equity issuance plan has not changed for the one we provided you at EEI. This year we plan on issuing up to $250 million using internal mechanisms. We plan to issue $1 billion to $1.5 billion of equity from 2019 to 2021. Now, I’ll turn it over to Jerry Norcia to discuss the growth and investment opportunities and our business plan.
Jerry Norcia: Thanks Peter. As Gerry mentioned, we made a lot of progress in 2018, which gives us the positive momentum going into 2019 at our utilities as well as our non-utilities. I’ll start on Slide 9 with our utility businesses. And I’ll begin with the Electric Company. In 2019, we will continue to move along the path to deliver 50% clean energy by 2030 and reduce carbon emissions by more than 80% by 2015. We’re on track to achieve our interim goal of a 30% reduction by the early 2020s. Wind energy will be instrumental in achieving this interim goal. Our wind fleet wrapped up 2018 with its best operating year ever, generating 1.4 million megawatt hours of clean energy. They’re finishing up in the top quartile for fleet availability in North America. When the fleet performs well, it plays a key role in providing cleaner energy to our customers while helping us maintain reliability and affordability. We expect our megawatt hours to increase significantly in 2019, as we expect to commission Pine River Wind Park in first quarter of this year. Pine River is the largest energy producing wind park in Michigan and is the most cost effective wind park in DTEs fleet. Our Electric Company also received Michigan Public Service Commission approval for our voluntary renewable energy plan. This plan includes adding 300 megawatts of new wind capacity to supply a voluntary renewable energy program for large industrial customers. We’re looking to reduce carbon emissions. As Gerry mentioned, we have already signed up two large industrial customers for 280 megawatts. Our third large contract is pending and based on current levels of interest we believe we can expand this voluntary renewable plan by additional 300 megawatts in the future. Last year we received a Certificate of Need to build a new gas combined cycle plant, we broke ground in August and we expect operations to begin in 2022. Along with renewable energy, natural gas will be a critical part of our power generation capacity in the decades ahead. In March, we will be filing our Integrated Resource Plan or IRP. with the MPSC, covering the next 20 years with very specific plans for the first 5 years. The IRP will help guide energy resource mix decisions which are necessary to meet future demand for clean, reliable, and affordable electricity. We use an integrated cost based system planning process that accounts for demand, reliability, resource diversity and our environmental goals. As markets of technologist continue to evolve rapidly, we expect our IRP recommendations to be quite specific in the early years or present a range of options for the later years of our plan as we continue to retire coal plants and understand market dynamics more deeply. Moving on to our Gas utility, DTE Gas received a constructive rate order in September, accelerating over $450 million of main renewable capital over the next 5 years, allowing us to shorten the pace of this renewal program from 25 years to 18 years. I’m very pleased with the progress of this program. Additionally, we announced our plans to reduce methane emissions by more than 80% by 2040. Made good progress on these efforts so far, and our accelerated gas main replacement plan will help this initiative as well. Now I’d like to move on to our non-utility businesses. Turning to Slide 10. I’ll start with an update on the growth opportunities at our Gas Storage and Pipeline business. The left side of the slide lays out the core geography of which GSP is active in pursuing growth. We’re always on a lookout for potential organic build outs or acquisitions that would support our position in this geography as our assets are strategically positioned to connect high quality markets to world class geology. In the third quarter call we told you that NEXUS was placed in service, which was a huge milestone for our Company. In completion of NEXUS along with the progress at our other platforms is setting us up nicely for growth in this segment. Told you that NEXUS provides us with additional opportunities to expand our footprint, and one opportunity is the NEXUS acquisition of Generation Pipelines owned in a 50-50 partnership with Enbridge. Generation Pipeline is in the core of the northern industrial route in Ohio and will likely present additional opportunities for supplying natural gas to power industrial customers in that area. The 23 mile 24-inch pipe is fully contracted, has a purchase price between $150 million to $200 million, and is located four miles North of NEXUS and interconnects with ANR and Panhandle Eastern pipelines as well. With potential future interconnections with NEXUS, this acquisition provides direct access to the Toledo industrial corridor. We expect both NEXUS and Link respond in array of organic and bolt-on acquisition opportunities of this sort. Growth plans in our other assets are on track. We completed expansions on our Link and Millennium assets as Jerry mentioned, and our assets are performing extremely well. During this polar vortex, Vector was flowing both -- was flowing full in both directions to Canada and into Chicago. And we expect Vector to see increasing opportunities serving markets in Chicago and Wisconsin. So I feel very good about the position we are in at GSP, giving me confidence that we’ll continue to execute on opportunities that support our growth targets. Now I’d like to move on to Slide 11, for a look at our Power & Industrial business. Our P&I business continues to see progress in the development of both industrial energy projects and renewable natural gas or RNG. As we discussed at EEI, the RNG market is the one that we have done business in for over 15 years. But in recent years demand for RNG has surged and we feel the market is poised for strong growth trajectory in the future. We now have five operating RNG sites and three under construction. We’re also finalizing agreements on two new RNG projects and we continue to advance discussions to secure additional RNG projects in 2019. On the industrial energy side, we’re focusing on our cogeneration business. Cogeneration projects enable our customers to improve their environmental footprint and lower their energy costs. We continue to construct our most recent project at Ford, and it will go into operations later this year. And we expect to add series of similar cogeneration projects over the next five years. I mentioned at EEI our P&I queue of development opportunities was very strong and that certainly continues to be the case. Now I’ll wrap on Slide 12, then we’ll open it up for questions. All in all I feel great of our 2018 results and are positioning for continued growth in the years to come. We exceeded our original operating EPS guidance for fifth consecutive year in 2018. Additionally, our annualized total shareholder return has consistently beat the S&P 500 Utility Index by a large margin over a decade. Our utilities continue to focus on necessary infrastructure investments tied to clean generation, improved reliability and enhanced customer experience. NEXUS is now in service on flowing gas to customers and is acquiring the Generation Pipeline. And our P&I business unit is working to secure additional RNG in cogen projects. This sets us up well to continue to deliver strong EPS and dividend growth. We increased our dividend by 7% for 2019 and anticipate the same increase in 2020. Our goal is to use our disciplined approach to operations and investment to continue to deliver premium total shareholder returns in the future. With that, I’d like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. And now, Tracy, you can open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will now take our first question from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: So just real quick on the Generation Pipeline, could we talk a little bit on returns even in general terms and what sort of accretion we can expect sort of from the steel? How should we think about it relative to your plan and kind of more important when do you sort of expect to decide on the lateral off of NEXUS? And could this sort of change your current assumption on the mix of short-term versus long-term contracts?
Gerry Anderson: We’ll have Jerry Norcia dive into that one for you Shar.
Jerry Norcia: So, we expect NEXUS certainly to be accretive, it does meet our returns thresholds for this business. So we’re happy with the returns. In terms of strategic value, it is four miles off to NEXUS pipeline, and our plan is to interconnect NEXUS to this pipeline. And that will provide significant market access for the NEXUS pipeline of over $300 million a day and growing as we attach new customers on that line. And we’ll create value for our shippers in the future.
Gerry Anderson: I’d say $350 million with the potential to expand that, is a really nice interconnection of market area load for this pipe. We’ve always said that that route across Northern Ohio which a line we had interconnection points all along that pipe. And from early on that we expected those to play out over time with load addition opportunities and we had struck a couple of those earlier, but this is one we really like instead of the as Jerry mentioned the deal itself which is fully contracted is accretive, but we think there is upside opportunity to this as we pursue growth in that area and it also adds opportunity for NEXUS clearly as we interconnect it.
Shar Pourreza: Do you think you’ll be in a position to sort of update around that incremental growth opportunities as we head into EEI?
Gerry Anderson: In the fall?
Shar Pourreza: Yes.
Gerry Anderson: Yes, I think we could - we’ll probably have the acquisition obviously clearly in hand and we will probably have our thinking advanced about potential timing of interconnection and things like that. So we’ll give you what we can additional at EII.
Shar Pourreza: And then just lastly on the RNG deals that were just announced. Can you just, what’s the structure of the deals sort of the tenor of the contracts, the returns? And should we just for modeling purposes assume they start to contribute in the second half of this year?
Jerry Norcia: Yes. The deals that we closed just in the recent past will be tied to - we use various contracting methods to secure revenues. There is ability to hedge the product, there’s also ability to have long-term contracts. So we’re in a process of making all that happen right now.
Gerry Anderson: So without getting into not wanting to reveal stuff that’s confidential as a business, I’d say that we always have the offtake of these locked up. And then you can do fixed price contracts, sometimes fixed price contracts if you do or may not have the return that you get when you hedge them, so we’ve got some that are fixed price some that are hedged and you could take some of these open in the short term too if you feel like the short-term price dynamics and then hedge them later. So I think we’ll end up with, Shar, is a portfolio that we manage in that way with offtakes clearly locked down and then prices managed through contracts and in hedging to make sure that we like the predictability of it.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So just to follow-up a little bit on Shar’s question if you can, obviously $150 million to $200 million for this first transaction, can you elaborate a little bit further on how you’re thinking about filling up the remainder of potential even whitespace for acquisitions here on the GSP side? I suppose that there is ample latitude in the capital budget for further such deals. And to the extent which you are looking at them, are we looking at sort of more platforms or are we looking at more simple bolt-ons in Link and NEXUS more narrowly?
Jerry Norcia: So Julien I would say our first-order dispatch we have a series of organic development opportunities that we’re pursuing. So that’ll be our first-order dispatch for capital. And yes, we do have additional flexibility in our capital plan to accommodate the organic developments. In addition, we’re always surveying the market for potential bolt-ons in and around our platform. We’d like for them to be contiguous just like the most recent one will become contiguous over time. So the order dispatches organic development, which we see the highest return potential from. And then acquisitions that have growth potential in them.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. But you aren’t necessarily saying whether you’d be more bolt-ons versus larger platform acquisition at this point?
Jerry Norcia: We judge all it by the merits of the returns in economics. So I think we told investors last year that we were looking hard at an acquisition and eventually concluded, didn’t meet our return requirements, didn’t create value for us. So we walked away from it. This one we liked. And we liked the future growth potential. So this one will probably turn out to be an acquisition that’s been followed by organic growth, which usually release a really good result and dollars spent on acquisitions is not nearly as good a measure as value created through often organic upside which is sort of high value EPS growth. And we love that sort of stuff. So we can do more like the one we just did, we love to. There are good opportunities, the scale is comfortable with upside. Those produce really good value.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then if I can just quickly complimenting that speaking of organic growth, what is reflected in your current plan with respect to the voluntary renewable expansion? So you talked about 280 megawatts is being signed up, a third one on the way and then an additional 300 megawatt in total. So out of that almost 600 megawatt what’s reflected in your outlook in advance?
Gerry Anderson: Yes, we have 300 in the plan that we laid out for EEI. But we did talk at that time about the potential to go up. So I think with 280 signed up with another contract waiting in the queue, we’re sort of through the first 300 and working our way into the next 300. And this is an area we like, it’s obviously fulfilling a need for our customers, they want it. But it also is a way to move the State forward in terms of additions of renewable capacity, but do it in a way that isn’t rate based, it doesn’t work its way through rate cases, it works its way through this approved tariff. And so we really like this area and we’re going to continue to work with customers who have the goal to help accelerate things here in Michigan and to - there’s obvious value for these customers in terms of their own profile and what they can communicate to their customer bases. So it’s good area for us to work and we’re into the second 300 now. And as look forward I think there maybe upside of that as we continue to -- we’re working with our very largest customers but we have lot of customers. So we’re thinking now about how to make more of this.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Michael Weinstein from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Michael Weinstein: I just wanted to find out about the equity issuance. Recently, the $250 million of internal funding at what point do you think you’ll have to complete the complete plan with block issuance at some point?
Peter Oleksiak: We’re in early stages of looking at that right now. We still do have some room in our pension plan. To get equity we’re at about 85% funded level in our pension plan. I’d say within the three year window, probably the back half of the year. And we’re finally looking at more ATMs attributables versus a big block equity issuance.
Michael Weinstein: And you know on the generation pipeline, one question I had is are you anticipating expansion through compression in addition to the lateral as part of the value proposition to that?
Peter Oleksiak: Right now our first order of business is to look to connect that pipeline to NEXUS. It does have the fact that NEXUS carries a very high pressure as it helps create some potential.
Gerry Anderson: So that’s one of the values NEXUS can bring to this pipe is that it itself is very high pressure and that can create expansion capability and growth capability for this pipe alone.
Michael Weinstein: And I’ve gotten a lot of questions about the Link asset and what is the contracted status there and then also what are the expansion opportunities you’re looking at, what’s the plan for expansion down there?
Gerry Anderson: We had planned expansions and those are progressing as scheduled. So those will continue into this year for one of our large clients on that pipeline. The status of the pipe is that it’s performing better than a performer that we had described to our investors. So we’re feeling really good about that asset and it’s dynamics.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Angie Storozynski from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Just finishing the M&A topic and the GSP sector. So last year you guys were preparing us in a sense for some acquisitions seemingly in that sector. At least for 2019, do you think that you’re done with this generation pipeline deal?
Gerry Anderson: You know, Angie, it’s - I think in M&A to say you’re done or not done probably wouldn’t be smart on our part because totally depends upon whether there’s an opportunity with really good value. And if we look at handful of them this year and there’s no value, we don’t do any. And if we look at them, which we do continue to scan the environment and we find one that we really like, we could do one this year. So it’s completely I’d say market an opportunity dependent.
Angie Storozynski: And changing topics on your regulated electric utility, so last year we were hoping to see a CapEx rider on the electric side we saw the CMS rate case, they didn’t get the rider. Could you give us an update what are your thoughts about that and when such a rider would be achievable?
Gerry Anderson: In our case it’s in our rate case that that discussion is playing out. So last year we did introduce the idea of it because we were filing the case. And if you look at the staff reactions to our case I think you’ll find the commentary around the infrastructure recovery mechanism is positive although they suggest that perhaps finalizing it should be done outside of a rate case. So with the opportunity for more definition of the details I guess should say that that could be the case. It’s possible that the commissioners will feel they have enough information on record to establish it, so that really - we will see through the finalization of the case. But if you’re asking how do we feel about continued quality of discussions around this at the commission? We feel good. We feel that there’s been constructive engagement with the staff and prior to the case with the commissioners on this. And that it’s set up for continued discussion. I think they just want to get it right. We have one at our Gas company, it’s operated very well. So that shows that a well designed mechanism can work well here in Michigan. And so I think the process we’re in now is getting the design right and getting both sides comfortable that we’re ready to move forward with this.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Praful Mehta from Citi. Please go ahead.
Praful Mehta: So just following up on Angie’s question on the regulation and the rate case. Given the new governor and new commissioners, how do you see that playing out? Do you see that impacting the process and what kind of regulatory kind of sentiment or mood do you see going forward with the environment in Michigan?
Gerry Anderson: So we have - we do have two sitting commissioners that we worked with for quite some time now. And they obviously can keep the commission flowing and active in the near term. That said, we do expect one appointment to play out shorter term and then the other would come after July when - I’m sorry will retire. And wouldn’t make any sense to be speculating or commenting on specific commissioners but I would just say that we’ve had inflow and outflow of commissioners and governors across many years here at DTE including the 10 that we mentioned earlier where our financial performance has been strong and steady and our job is to work really well with the commissioners that the governor appoints. We know the governor well, worked with her through her long career in the Michigan legislature, and since then, and we work closely with her on the agenda that she has for the state moving forward and I think she understands that the appointments to this sector, it’s big sector with heavy investment in the state, I think she understands how important these appointments are. So, I’m confident we’ll get a competent person.
Praful Mehta: And then maybe just a specific question on the results and on the Corporate and other segment, the 122 negative versus the 100 to 110 range you said there was a specific one time item that kind of drove that. Could you provide any little bit more color around what kind of drove that Corporate and other segment impact?
Peter Oleksiak: We had a contribution to our DTE foundation and other charitable causes. This is part of our strategy to be a force for growth and good on our communities that really sets us up nicely and as we have strong results for the year we like to do that. So this year we did and 2018 we did roughly about $20 million after tax.
Praful Mehta: And that was incremental to the plan, so that was something you planed to - you hadn’t planned for but then kind of did it at the very end in 2018?
Peter Oleksiak: It was incremental to plans, if you adjust 2018 results for that, you’ll see it’s in line with our 2019 guidance for that segment.
Praful Mehta: And then finally quickly just back to Generation Pipeline acquisition, just wanted to understand why the range of 150 to 200? If you have a deal, is that range to kind of not provide more specifics so that you kind of keep the economic a little vague or is there anything specific around the range of the price?
Peter Oleksiak: We’re - the deal is finalized and we do have confidentiality agreements in place and this is what our counterparty is comfortable with at this point in time.
Praful Mehta: We did ask about revealing the specific number and they just didn’t want to do that. And you can understand that as they are active in the marketplace maybe in other positions, they want to keep their hand a little vague. So this was the agreement we reached with them.
Praful Mehta: But there’s no specific term in the contract that would change the price. The price is fixed, there isn’t earn out or anything else that kind of drives the price - drives any change in the price going forward?
Peter Oleksiak: The price is fixed.
Gerry Anderson: Price is fixed, we still want to be clear about it. We’re happy to be clear, they weren’t. So it is what it is.
Praful Mehta: Understood. You’ve seen that in the past and understandable from their perspective. So appreciate the color guys, thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question Greg Gordon from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon: I think you pretty much just answered my question. So at some point in the future we’ll get more specific purchase price financing and expected EBITDA contribution occupied but for now you’re just limited in what you can say, fair?
Gerry Anderson: Yes, I think certainly we’re limited in what we can say and we may find that the seller is okay with us down the road being more specific. And if that’s the case, we will be.
Greg Gordon: I see that the owner, this Generation Pipeline LLC, do we know - can you disclose to us who owns Generation Pipeline LLC?
Gerry Anderson: No, it’s under CAL so.
Greg Gordon: And then one other - but you did say that going in day one the investment hits your traditional cost to capital hurdles for a pipeline investment and that over time as you integrated into the NEXUS system you expect that to expand?
Gerry Anderson: Yes. I mean I’ll be honest with you. If we never improve the pipe a bit, we’re happy with the returns, but value we always say the value in heat in these sorts of investments is what you can do with them once they become part of your portfolio. So, yes, happy with the returns from the contracts that are in place for the pipe where the belief that there is good value to create beyond that.
Greg Gordon:  I was able to find a detailed map of the pipelines route online and it does looks like it goes through some pretty dense industrial areas. So the assumption being once you build that lateral that you’ll be able to goose the volumes and maybe goose the contracted volumes on NEXUS by serving those customers. Is that the obvious synergy from this?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, absolutely. I think that’s exactly our plan. That part of the [inaudible] is where every industry plays out. So it’s an area where I think there’s an opportunity for our producers tied to NEXUS to be able to deliver into that base over time through this pipeline. So it will be good for that industrial community and good for us too.
Greg Gordon: One final question and maybe it’s semantics. But on the - in the EEI deck you said very specifically you’re targeting 5% to 7% operating EPS growth through 2023. I think your language was slightly different in your script today, but is that still your commitment?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, it was slightly different. It wasn’t meant to be. It’s exactly what we said at EEI.
Greg Gordon: Okay, I just wanted to make sure that that was on the record guys. Thanks.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Paul Ridzon: Just on the returns on the generation pipeline, how do we think about your hurdle rates for that segment kind of little bit north of utility hurdle rates?
Gerry Anderson: Yes. That’s where we like to start. But you know I think what’s proved out over time is if you can buy and start there either construct and start there or buy and start there, the value comes from the options that it presents down the road.
Paul Ridzon: I think you’ve already said this but you’re already there, correct?
Gerry Anderson: Yes, correct.
Paul Ridzon: And what kind of capital structure should we assume on that accretive analysis?
Gerry Anderson: It’s 50-50.
Paul Ridzon: And then getting an IRM on the electric side is not legislative that’s all before the commission I think you said earlier?
Peter Oleksiak: That’s correct. Very positive thing in our current regular rate cases that the commission has been very supportive of the capital that we’re planning on investing in the electric utility.
Operator: And we’ll now take our next question from Andrew Weisel from Scotia Howard. Please go ahead.
Andrew Weisel: First question is also similar to Greg’s, might just be semantics but I want to clarify. The EEI slide deck you said you were targeting strong investment grade credit ratings. Now it looks like targeting change to maintaining, is there anything to that? I mean are the metrics where you want them to be in particularly after this acquisition?
Gerry Anderson: Yes, there’s nothing meant through that. Peter if you want to say more?
Peter Oleksiak: No, we definitely are committed to our ratings and we’re targeting to have a strong credit ratings that we have today. It gives us a lot of flexibility to have a strong balance sheet and it’s been proven out over the years.
Gerry Anderson: Our FFO results for last year played out stronger because of the cash flow and earnings. So we have a good strong FFO to debt and when you do that it builds in some strength and flexibility forward. So we’re probably in a better position than we were when we talked to you at EEI.
Andrew Weisel: Just wanted to make sure you weren’t changing the messaging. Next question is relative to the last week’s cold snap, how would you describe the utility natural gas supplies going into the snap and how are you positioned for the rest of the winter?
Peter Oleksiak: Well, we are positioned really well going into it. I just described the day for you. We did hit design commissions during those peak conditions and we moved about 4.5 billion cubic feet of gas through the gas utility that day, of which 2.5 billion cubic feet was destined for in franchise customers and 2 billion cubic feet we’re exporting to other interstate pipelines that serve markets as far as New York, Wisconsin, Chicago. So we were extremely well positioned to move gas on that day.
Gerry Anderson: Does that answer the question or…?
Andrew Weisel: Yes. Just wondering how are you positioning going forward, if we have another cold stretch, is that going to be trouble?
Peter Oleksiak: We welcome it. We’re well positioned for it.
Andrew Weisel: Next question on the electric side. The weather normalized sales were flat for the year obviously, given the extreme weather this past summer, it’s hard to do math on that. But my question is, what’s your estimate of the impact of energy efficiency these days and what’s embedded in your guidance for 2019 and beyond?
Peter Oleksiak: Andrew we did have flat sales 2018 versus 2017 when you look at the residential such in particular we had flat usage but we had customer count at very healthy 0.7% increase in our customer counts and so really there’s often energy efficiency, energy efficiencies definitely helping our customers. We do have targeted energy efficiency programs there.
Gerry Anderson: And so we’re building and forward plans is very flat and it just isn’t growth we are counting out frankly we don’t want to sell the wrong label, we don’t want it. We want these energy efficiency programs to really bite for our customers because it helps manage their bills and their affordability to time when we’re making significant investments to capital. And that’s the whole trick here is to help customers keep their energy costs affordable while we really fundamentally reinvest in the assets and in our businesses. And so we’re driving that efficiency side hard. Now there are things that are growing and as Peter said getting customer count additions we got a lot of construction in the city of Detroit and so on and so forth. So they’re healthy signs but we are working the efficiency side of it hard.
Andrew Weisel: I like the strategy maybe one last one if I could squeeze it in here. And update on the volumes flowing to NEXUS and if NEXUS does connect to generation, how much capacity is there on NEXUS to add that 355 and potentially more.
Jerry Norcia: First I’ll say that NEXUS is flowing at its current capacity and that will also increase over time as we bring more assets online as it relates to the upstream portion of NEXUS. In terms of connecting generation pipeline, it will provide a significant market outlet and demand source for the pipeline. So we expect that as we make those connections two things will happen one is, it will make the pipeline much more attractive for current shippers and also for our future shippers. And the question of could we accept all of that on the NEXUS the answer is yes.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead
Steve Fleishman: So just first on the curious kind of your view on Northeast Gas so we had some of the producers come out and I think the production expectations for this year come in a little bit lower than people expected. So just how are they coming in with kind of what you’re planning for this year on your system?
Jerry Norcia: Good question, Steve. Obviously we’ve been watching that very closely on our platforms and all of the projections of the producers that we do business with are in line with our current guidance and our current forecast so we’re feeling really good about it at this point. Also I think we kind of see this discipline its entering the market as positive for the long-term with producers and in addition to that, we see there is a short-term phenomenon because the demand for the product is there. And I think as producers get healthier it will help to improve the I think the price complex for the producers as this has been - sets in.
Gerry Anderson: So Steve just to add to that as Jerry I think there’s producers are being encouraged by investors to show capital discipline and there has been this flip in the market from investors really looking for how fast can you grow production to show me cash flow, show me the healthy cash flow. And so they’re all being encouraged to show capital discipline. And that can that can wiggle things in the short run as Jerry just said we don’t see it for us it’s in line with our plan, but when you think about this longer term, the production is what it is. I mean the demand will be what it is from the power and industrial and LDC sectors and declines in well productivity happen every year and those need to be fulfilled. Those need to be backfilled the declines and the demand growth needs to be met. And so even though there’s capital discipline it’s really a short run phenomenon to get into the medium and long term and just dictate it by the realities of supply and demand. And so we continue to see the region that we are serving very well-positioned to continue to meet and grow as that plays out.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Great. And then just one question high level on the equity issuance that you’re planning the $1 billion to $1.5 billion, so just to clarify, and I guess, this really goes back to EEI. The --does that include an assumption of more acquisitions beyond what you said or not so, if you announced a larger one would that potentially already be embedded in their?
Gerry Anderson: We -- it assume we have into the segments we provided this disclosure around the level of capital spend, so it does some capital plan on each of those platforms and subsidiaries. And Jerry mentioned our first order business is Greenfield, but many cases instead of greenfield will do acquisitions occasionally out to all…
Steve Fleishman: Okay.
Gerry Anderson: … in capital spend and that’s really what supporting that acquisition plan.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Great. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Peter Oleksiak: Thank you
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll now take our next question from David Fishman from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
David Fishman: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Gerry Anderson: Good morning, David.
David Fishman: Thanks. On the Generation Pipeline, this was some quick research I apologize, let me know, if I’m wrong here. But it looks like they filed for an Ironville Lateral already that could begin construction as early as February 25th, is this something that was anticipated and expected as part of purchase price?
Gerry Anderson: Yes.
David Fishman: Okay. And then with those sort of opportunity, especially because this a little more exposed to high industrials, do you see this representing a competitive advantage for P&I as well and maybe the combined heat and gas opportunities in the future?
Jerry Norcia: We are having some of those conversations, but I wouldn’t say any of them are well advanced, but there are potential synergies between the two businesses for sure.
David Fishman: Okay. Thanks guys. Congrats on a good year.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Michael Weinstein from Credit Suisse Lane. Please go ahead.
Michael Weinstein: Hey, guys. Just a quick follow-up, I just was noticing that the sequentially earnings at the GSP business declined in the fourth quarter versus the first three quarters of the year. Just wondering if you could explain that and what drives the seasonality of that whatever it is?
Gerry Anderson: Maybe, Peter, Dave, you want to…
Peter Oleksiak: We can probably get back with you Michael. My percent is, I know, we had a strong kind of midyear with a summer and then some of the flows of gases on that maybe some volume with some of our pipelines.
David Meador: Peter, this is Dave. Yeah. I think this just maybe the timing of how each platform plays out over the course of the year.
Peter Oleksiak: Yeah.
Gerry Anderson: We can have somebody get here there was nothing material or anything really that we took notice of. So if you’re seeing that we can do a tick and tact for you and just tell you what it was…
Michael Weinstein: Got you.
Gerry Anderson: We see some LED there, obviously, because our pipes flow hot and heavy and hard and certain times in the year like they have been this past month. And other parts of the year less so, so that produces some variation.
Michael Weinstein: All right. Thanks a lot guys. Have a great day.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back to Gerry Anderson for any additional or closing remarks.
Gerry Anderson: Well, I want to say thanks again to all you for joining the call and for the good questions. As I said at the beginning of the call, I feel great about the year that we had in 2018, not only financially, but on a lot of other fronts that goes such a long way to keeping the context here in Michigan positive. And I feel really good about the position were in heading into 2019 both the start of the year and the plan that we have for the balance of the year. I think we’re really good position to deliver another good year and strong results for you all. And we look forward to providing you updates on all of that as we move forward. Thanks again for joining. We will talk to all of you soon.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Tuckfield - DTE Energy Co. Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co. Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co. Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.
Analysts: Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Andrew Weisel - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc. Gregg Orrill - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Good day and welcome to the DTE Energy 2018 Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Barbara Tuckfield. Please go ahead.
Barbara Tuckfield - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you, Espie, and good morning, everyone. I would like to remind everyone to read the Safe Harbor statement on page two of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings, provided in the appendix of today's presentation. With us this morning are Gerry Anderson, Chairman and CEO; Jerry Norcia, President and COO; Peter Oleksiak, Senior Vice President and CFO. We also have members of our management team with us for the Q&A session. And now, I'll turn it over to Gerry to start the call this morning.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Well, thank you, Barb, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. So before I dive into the presentation, I want to point out that EEI is right around the corner and it's at that conference that we're going to share the details of our long-term strategy and long-term growth plan. So, given that I'd ask that you hold your longer term strategy questions until we see you at EEI and can lay that out in detail. What we want to do this morning is provide a recap of our performance in the third quarter, update our guidance for 2018 and spend some time discussing our 2019 early outlook. I'll do that and then I'll hand it over to Peter, who will provide a financial review of the third quarter, some additional color around our increased earnings guidance for this year and segment detail for the early outlook for next year. And then finally Jerry Norcia will provide an investment and business development update at our utilities and our non-utility businesses. And then we'll wrap up by taking your questions. So moving on to slide 5. On the second quarter call, I told you that we were having an exceptional year and with three quarters of 2018 now logged that description is still on the mark. On the second quarter call, we significantly increased our earnings forecast for both GSP and our Power and Industrial business and that resulted in a $0.35 a share guidance increase on the mid-year call. Since then, we've had one of the warmest if not the warmest summer on record, which was clearly a huge boost to Electric Company revenues. And our Energy Trading business has turned in a strong performance. And so given this, we're increasing our 2018 operating EPS guidance midpoint by $0.17 to $6.30, which is our second significant guidance increase in as many quarters. We also had some notable operational and regulatory successes in the third quarter. Back in April, we received MPSC approval for our new roughly $1 billion Blue Water Energy Center, which is a natural gas combined-cycle power plant. And in August, we broke ground and began construction. The Blue Water will help us to meet our goal of reducing carbon emissions by more than 80%. In fact, the plant will represent our single largest step in reducing carbon emissions today as we retire three older coal-fired plants and startup what will be the most efficient power plant in Michigan and do all that simultaneously in the early 2020s. Another notable success occurred in September when we received a constructive order in our gas rate case. So, Jerry Norcia will provide some additional details on that order, but I'll just say that importantly, it will allow us to accelerate the replacement and strengthening of our gas distribution system. Now we spent a lot of time working with the MPSC staff on our gas main replacement plan and I think we landed via the order in a place that we both feel good about and feel is appropriate. Moving on to our non-utility businesses, at GSP in early October, we received FERC approval to place NEXUS in service. So, we began construction of NEXUS in October of last year, so essentially a year ago and construction went very smoothly and NEXUS is now flowing gas. And this is a significant milestone for us. It creates another platform to grow around as we have, for example, on the Bluestone platform and the Millennium platform. And those platforms provide low-cost, high-return investments that have made GSP a successful growth engine for the company over the past decade. And we're confident that NEXUS and the NEXUS platform will play that role in the decade ahead. Our P&I business continues to make progress in replacing the REF earnings that sunset in 2019 and 2021. Most recently, this progress is in the renewable natural gas space. So this year we started construction on an additional RNG project and completed the acquisition of another project. And so, we now have a total of seven RNG projects throughout the U.S. that supply pipeline quality renewable natural gas to markets to comply with a number of fuel standards, including those at the federal level in the State of California as well as the European standard. So we're going to review the details of P&I's long-term earnings plan at EEI in a few weeks. But I'll just say we're seeing a lot of growth potential in this area. One thing I will say about our overall long-term growth prior to EEI is that we will be confirming and reiterating our 5% to 7% operating EPS growth rate at the conference. So over the next few slides, I'll provide a high-level explanation of both our guidance increase for 2018 and our early outlook for 2019. And as I mentioned, Peter will then provide additional details on both of those in a few minutes. So turning on to slide 6, as I said at the outset, 2018 has been an exceptional year. You can see our increased guidance in the green bar on this page at $6.30 a share, an increase, as I said earlier, of $0.17 from the prior guidance midpoint. And that's over and above the $0.35 increase we communicated on the second quarter call. So looking at the $6.30 EPS forecast from a historical perspective, our revised guidance provides a 9% compound annual growth rate over the past five years and an 8% growth rate over the past decade and 12.5% growth versus 2017, which is essentially two years of growth in a single year. And it continues our pattern of meeting or exceeding the guidance that we provide you. We have several items that are driving this third quarter guidance increase and contributing to the strong year overall. So as I said, the Electric Company experienced an extremely hot third quarter. We discussed warm weather on the second quarter call, but since then, as I said, we've had one of the hottest years on record, if not the hottest. We came into 2018 planning for normal weather, as we always do. And on top of that, we developed both lean and invest plans, in order to be able to respond to the weather. We've had such favorable weather that we implemented our invest plan in the Electric business. And those investments are reflected in our full-year guidance for 2018. Moving on to our non-utility businesses, GSP has had strong favorability across all platforms this year. And additionally, accelerated producer drilling drove additional gathering and transport volumes at Bluestone delivering to us growth in 2018 that we expected would really show up in 2019. We also had AFUDC returns at NEXUS prior to its transition into service. And additionally, our P&I group has continued to see high volumes at our REF sites. So given all of that, 2018 is shaping up to be a fantastic year at DTE and that is something we feel great about is the year begins to wind to a close. Moving on to slide 7, I want to provide you an overview of our 2019 early outlook before Peter takes you through the details. So, the early outlook for 2019 is $6.15 a share. The $6.15 is set to provide 6% compound annual growth over the last five years, so between 2014 and 2019 which is the midpoint of our 5% to 7% long-term earnings growth range. It also provides 6.4% growth versus the 2018 original guidance. Now obviously, the $6.15 early outlook is below the $6.30 revised guidance for this year. And there are a couple of straightforward reasons for that. So first, we've mentioned a number of times in previous calls that we're working on tax equity transactions for our REF business. And we expect the transaction will be executed soon and it will accelerate cash flows by about $100 million a year for the next three years and is clearly NPV positive for the company. Now that transaction will also lower earnings by about $40 million a year or over $0.20 a share for the company. And in the process of doing this, we're beginning the glide path toward 2022 when the REF earnings will have sunset. Obviously, without the tax equity transaction, our guidance would be over $6.35 a share. But the transaction is cash and value accretive. So it's just the right move for us to make. Additionally, 2018 was an exceptionally strong year in our GSP business, as I've said and that was true in essentially every platform there. And we wish every year could be that way, but we're not coming into 2019 counting on that to repeat. So our plan envisions us transitioning to more normal gathering and transport volumes. In addition, we have NEXUS transitioning from AFUDC earnings to operating earnings and that typically involves a step down in year one. But underlying all of this is healthy growth in investments on each of our GSP platforms, which Peter and Jerry will talk about here in a few minutes. We're also in our 2019 plan anticipating that DTE Electric will return to normal weather after very warm 2018. As Peter will discuss both utilities, the electric and gas utilities will grow substantially in 2019, including growth from distribution and generation asset investments at DTE Electric and growth from NEXUS-related assets and the main renewal program at DTE Gas. And as Jerry Norcia is going to discuss, both GSP and P&I continue to work on very good growth opportunities and healthy project queues. So, overall, I feel good about our 2019 outlook and that it keeps us squarely on our 5% to 7% long-term growth path. As you'd expect, we do have contingency built into our 2019 plans. And if events enable us to preserve that contingency, perhaps we'll be able to provide you upside to the $6.15 per share early outlook as we have typically in recent years. And with that, I'm going to turn things over to Peter Oleksiak for a financial update. Peter, over to you.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. Thanks, Gerry, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start on slide 9. Before I get into the quarter, just a quick update on my Detroit Tigers. I'll make just brief as the baseball world is looking at the Red Sox and Dodgers at the moment. We did fail to make the playoff again this year and finishing below 500s (00:14:51), but we did end up in third place and we are one season closer now to a winning record. But onto something little more positive, let me talk about DTE. DTE had a great third quarter, driven mainly by hot weather here in Michigan. Slide 9 is our standard quarter-over-quarter operating earnings page, and DTE operating earnings of $388 million in the quarter. I just want to remind you that you can find the detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. Let me start at the top of the page with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings of $304 million this quarter and this is $82 million higher than the third quarter of last year. This increase is driven largely by hot summer in 2018 as well as rate implementation. This year's hot summer does allow for fourth quarter reinvestment to the system reliability which will benefit our customers. A more detailed year-over-year earnings variance walk for DTE Electric can be found in the appendix. Moving down the page, DTE Gas operating earnings were unfavorable $15 million compared to last year. This earnings change was driven primarily by timing of O&M expenses as well as rate base growth in 2018. Our gas utilities typically has an operating loss in the third quarter, year-to-date basis our DTE Gas is right on track. Moving down the page to our Gas Storage and Pipeline business, operating earnings was $64 million in the third quarter. Earnings this quarter were $28 million higher than last year. This increase is due to a lower corporate tax rate and favorability across all platforms. And as we mentioned on the second quarter call, we are seeing GSP growth in 2018. That was expected to play out in 2019. On the next row, you can see the operating earnings for the Power and Industrial business were $63 million. This quarter's earnings were $19 million higher than last year. Now this increase is due mainly to the higher REF volumes at existing sites and moving some of those – of units to larger sites where they can achieve higher volumes. Our Energy Trading business had a strong quarter with our operating earnings of $15 million. This is up $25 million from last year. And finally on the page, Corporate and Other was $15 million unfavorable compared to last year, driven by tax reform and higher interest expense. So in summary, DTE earned $2.13 per share in the third quarter of 2018, up from $1.48 per share in the third quarter of last year. Now let's move on to our 2018 guidance update on slide number 10. Gerry mentioned in his upfront remarks, we are increasing our 2018 earnings guidance for the second time this year. This latest revision upward is due primarily to the weather favorability at our Electric Company, as well as strong performance at Energy Trading. Let me first start at the DTE Electric. The second quarter we guided to the middle of the original guidance range, with a favorable weather experience this quarter, we are raising both our earnings guidance for the segment and we'll be reinvesting a significant amount of this weather upside, focus on greater reliability and our customer satisfaction. For DTE Gas segment, we feel comfortable with the current guidance range for 2018. Transitioning to the non-utilities, you may remember that on the second quarter call, we raised GSP midpoint of guidance by $40 million and the P&I midpoint by $38 million. We feel comfortable with current guidance ranges for both of these segments. As I mentioned on prior page, Energy Trading had earnings of $15 million in the third quarter, it is on-track to have another solid year. They're increasing the range to $20 million to $30 million to reflect their strong performance. Overall, we feel really good about achieving our new operating EPS guidance range this year of $6.12 to $6.48, with a midpoint of $6.30. Now I'll transition to 2019 on slide 11, to discuss our early outlook and touch on each segments comparison to our revised 2018 guidance. As Gerry mentioned, we are providing a 2019 EPS early outlook midpoint of $6.15 per share. This EPS outlook provides a 6.4% growth from our original 2018 guidance we gave you on the year-end call. On the next two slides, I will be going over the early outlook for four largest business units, but before I move on to that slide, I'll mention Energy Trading's earnings range of $15 million to $25 million. We typically target $25 million of economic contribution per year from this business. Our Corporate and Other segment is relatively flat year-over-year. So now, let me move on to slide 12. And let me start first on the left-hand side of the page. Our DTE Electric segment 2019 early outlook midpoint is $705 million. You can see on the page that our 2018 original guidance midpoint was $655 million and our current revised guidance midpoint is $673 million. The 2019 early outlook for our Electric segment provides earnings growth of 7.6% over 2018 original guidance. Now, compared to 2018 revised guidance, the early outlook includes distribution and generation investment growth, offset by the fact, we normalized for both the return to normal weather and the significant reinvestment that will be occurring in 2018. Moving on to the right side of the page at our DTE Gas segment. The 2019 early outlook midpoint is $175 million. As a reminder, the 2018 guidance midpoint is $156 million which is unchanged from our original guidance. The early outlook provides earnings growth of 12.2% over its 2018 guidance, that growth rate is higher than typical, since it includes growth from the NEXUS-related assets within LDC. The impact of the NEXUS-related growth is close to half of the overall growth and benefits our gas customers by helping to lower their rates. Now, I'll move to slide 13 to review the early outlook for non-utilities. Let me start again on the left side of the page with our Gas Storage and Pipeline business. As we said on the second quarter call, 2018 is shaping up to be an exceptional year for our GSP across the board. Original guidance for this segment was $190 million and with the current guidance of $230 million, this represents an increase of 20%. That increases due to the strength on essentially every GSP platform. Our 2019 early outlook for earnings at GSP is $213 million, up 12.5% from this year's original guidance but down from our revised guidance. This outlook anticipates more normal volumes across GSP asset base. It also accounts for the transition at NEXUS from principal AFUDC earnings in 2018 to operating earnings in 2019. Net impact is approximately $10 million which is pretty typical for a pipe like this that transitions into service. NEXUS will then be positioned to grow from that level in two, three years. Now, moving to the right side of the page, we show P&I's 2019 early outlook midpoint of $127 million compared to the current 2018 guidance. On the second quarter call, we raised P&I's 2018 guidance to a midpoint of $163 million. You should recall that this guidance increase was due to primarily the strong earnings that resulted from higher REF volumes. As we communicated previously, we are in the process of entering tax equity partnerships, the goal to accelerate around $100 million per year of cash flows to support the growth projects of our company, which as Gerry described will lower 2019 earnings around $40 million from 2018. I also note that most of the projects that Power and Industrial originated or have under construction will start adding earnings late next year. That wraps up my section on 2018 earnings guidance and the 2019 early outlook. Now I'd like to turn over to Jerry Norcia to give a business update.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you, Peter. I'm very excited about the progress that we have made on important projects across all of our business lines. So we have a lot of positive momentum to discuss at both our utilities as well as our non-utility businesses. I'll start that conversation on slide 15 with an update on our utilities beginning with the Electric Company. We announced back in August that we broke ground on our new Blue Water Energy Center. This is an 1,100-megawatt natural gas power plant we are building at a cost of just under $1 billion. This plant is essential to preserve reliability as we continue to add renewables and move toward the retirement of three of our coal plants. Expect the plant to go into service in 2022. As I mentioned on the second quarter call, our Electric Company submitted our renewable energy plan at the MPSC in March. We're planning to double our renewable capacity to 2,000 megawatts by 2022, which involves investing $1.7 billion in wind and solar over this timeframe. As part of this program, we are adding 300 megawatts of new wind capacity to supply a voluntary renewable energy program for large industrial customers and institutional customers who are looking to reduce carbon emissions. We believe we have the opportunity to expand that voluntary renewable plan by an incremental 300 megawatts, so taking it from 300 to 600 megawatts based on strong interest in the program. At EEI, we will discuss what this will mean to our long-term plan for the Electric Company. Moving on DTE Gas, we received a constructive rate order in September. We received an authorized ROE of 10%. We also received approval to accelerate the pace of main renewal allowing for additional investment of approximately $450 million over the next five years within the Infrastructure Recovery Mechanism or what we call our IRM. This reduces the timeframe to complete the main replacement program from 25 years to about 18 years. I'm very pleased with the progress of this program as safety and reliability continue to be top priorities for us. Now, let's move to slide 16 to provide an update on our non-utility businesses. I'd like to start with an update on our NEXUS pipeline. It feels great to have NEXUS in service and flowing gas. This is an important milestone for the company. We have been working on this project for a long time, and its startup speaks to the perseverance and determination of the entire midstream organization. So, I want to take a moment to say thank you to all of our employees and contractors who worked tirelessly to bring this project online safely and on budget. NEXUS is an important new investment platform that will help us to grow this business segment for many years to come. Pipe has been flowing around 350 million a day of short-term contracts since coming online and will start flowing our long-term anchor shipper contract volumes in early November. So, we feel really good about NEXUS and how it positions us for future growth at GSP. With respect to other development projects at GSP, we'll provide you a lot more detail at EEI, but I can tell you that our development queue remains strong. Now, I'd like to move on to our Power and Industrial business. Our P&I business continues to see progress in the development of both industrial energy projects and renewable natural gas projects. Two RNG projects we started in 2017 continue to perform well. In 2018, we closed on two additional RNG projects. These two projects are under construction and will come online over the next year to start contributing to earnings in 2020. It's a very active area for project development and we'll give you additional details at EEI. In the cogeneration space, the Ford project is under construction and we expect this to come online in late 2019. As is the case for GSP, our P&I queue of projects is very strong and we will update you on what that means to our long-term growth plans at EEI. Now, I'll wrap it up on slide 17 and then we'll open it up for questions. All-in-all, I feel great about the position we are in to deliver another strong year in 2018 and continue to grow our growth profile in years to come. We have posted a strong third quarter and year-to-date results, allowing us to raise earnings guidance for the second time this year, as well as to significantly increase our electric reliability investment plans for the remainder of the year. 2019 early outlook we shared provide 6.4% growth from our 2018 original guidance. Our utilities continue to focus on necessary infrastructure investments to improve reliability and customer experience. NEXUS is now in service and flowing gas to customers. Our non-utility development queues are very healthy. And given this I'm confident that we are on track to deliver 5% to 7% EPS growth and the associated dividend growth that drives premium total shareholder returns. Finally, I'd like to remind everyone that Gerry Anderson will be giving a presentation at the upcoming EEI Conference on November 13, where he will be providing an update on our long-term growth plan. With that, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. And now, I'll turn it over to Espie to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim first.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hey, guys.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning, Shar.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning, Shar.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Just real quick on the incremental REF tax equity transactions. In prior deals, you've announced – you've obviously tempered your equity needs. And so, curious on this incremental $100 million you're getting. Does that sort of further temper your viewpoints on your needs for equity at least in the near-term?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Shar that was contemplated in our guidance that we have in our long range plan. And we would...
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: ...be monetizing and getting this cash flow in.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. And then just real quick on sort of Link, it's obviously missing from the slides and appreciate the update that you guys gave us on NEXUS. Can you just get like a real top level view on sort of how that project is going, the expansion, is it tracking ahead? And should we assume there's obviously going to be a big update on this given the fact it's missing from your slides?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Shar, this is Gerry. Link is performing very well. As I mentioned in my comments, all of our platforms are growing better-than-expected and Link would fall into that category as well. You asked about expansions, those are progressing well. So, we're really good about that asset at this point in time.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Are you within your $0.10 accretion targets for 2019 or should we assume there's some upside there?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: I think as I mentioned in some of our prior calls, our pro forma internally was higher than that $0.10 and we're performing – we're meeting our internal performance, so we're doing better than the $0.10.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay, got it. And then just lastly on on-site generation, do you expect to provide some updates there incremental to the Ford deal at EEI?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yes. Yeah, we'll give you an update on both the cogeneration project queue and developments and how that feels, as well as the RNG projects at EEI and really the overall P&I earnings forecasts for 2023. So, we had that $70 million number out a couple of years ago, we told you that's obsolete, it's going to be higher. And we'll pin down a forecast for you when we're together at EEI.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. It's good to see you guys are backfilling the REF earnings. Congrats. Thanks guys.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Thanks Shar.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Hi, Michael.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Glad to see the – taking the long view of the Detroit Tigers, it's a winning record anyway. It's good. Hey, on the REF earnings, the REF projects, I guess you announced there are two projects closed in 2018 under construction. Does this put you still on track for $45 million by the end of the second year I guess still another $15 million this year with three to four projects?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Those are – you said REF, but you meant RNG projects.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: I mean RNG, I mean RNG. Yeah.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yes. It puts us at least on track to that. So two years in, we would have hit that number, but I think what we communicated is that that $45 million number is sort of obsolete at this point, we fully expect to go well by that.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got you. And on NEXUS, the two-thirds are contracted still or is there any progress on the remaining third?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Well, we've got 350 million a day approximately flowing today under short-term contracts and our long-term contracts rolling about 840 million a day start to flow in and around November 1. So, we're feeling pretty good about how the pipe is filling up.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got you. And on regulatory progress where the next, I guess, distribution enhancement plans, and also the next rate case filings, how is that going at the utilities?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: At the Electric Company – the gas case we completed and we got an acceleration of our gas main renewal program from a 25-year program to an 18-year program. So, that was very positive. On the Electric case, we filed for an Infrastructure Renewal Mechanism as well. It covers about $1 billion a year of CapEx, and that's connected to reliability and modernization investments in our distribution business. It also covers the build of our new combined-cycle plant and some investments in our nuclear facilities. So, we had lots of conversation with the Commission Staff about that and we filed something that we hope will help us to do two things. One is reduce rate case frequency. So, it's a three-year IRM that we filed at the Electric Company. And it will also allow us to gain a lot of efficiencies for our customers because when we can create certainty around what our investment plans will be, which usually drive a lot of costs out of our investment plans.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: What are you assuming in the 2019 early outlook, if the 7.6% growth for the Electric and 12.2% for Gas, what does that assume in terms of rate case outcomes?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: We'll give you an update on that at EEI in terms of our assumptions, I think, in terms of investment level in the business and what that would imply.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got you. Okay. Thank you very much.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: You bet.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Morning.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Excellent. So, wanted to follow up on a couple of details. First, just wanted to clarify, on the 2019 early guide for NEXUS, what's assumed in terms of volumetric fill up just as it goes through the course of the year?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Right now, we haven't really disclosed what the exact volume is going to be. But we expect the pipe to essentially fill with our long-term contracts and short-term contracts. That's what's in our forecast.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right. Fair enough. Or maybe to ask a little bit differently, what kind of ROE are you assuming?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. Julien, we don't go asset by asset in our portfolios and talk returns, ROEs, for obvious reasons. We're throughout interacting with counterparties on transactions. But I think with what we've said is the pipe's got healthy actually. Volumes flowing right now before we get into any of the long-term shippers which is encouraging and we expect that to continue next year. And then next year is the year where we will transition those short-term volumes into longer term contracts. And the ultimate plan, of course, is for this to behave like Link is behaving, like Bluestone has behaved, like Millennium has behaved. The real juice in these comes from all the add-on investments and expansions and other opportunities that a platform creates and we are seeing those begin to evolve too. And we'll give you some color on that at EEI.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: The other thing, Julien, that I would say is a lot of these platforms like Millennium and Vector we enter the investments just north of our cost of capital. And as we expand and develop new markets and connecting markets to those pipes, we see that drive well north of our cost of capital. I mean we saw that happen with Vector, our Millennium assets, our Bluestone asset, as well as Link and we expect very much the same with our NEXUS asset.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then, since you bring it up, I mean, how are you thinking about adding complementary assets at this point? I know that had been brought up earlier in the year.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Well, we're working on that. I think you may hear more about that if we got some of this done when we get to EEI. But we are looking at connecting neighboring assets, laterals, and expanding our deliveries to customers along the path. So, lots of good things cooking on NEXUS. And as they evolve, we can update you.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then, separately, again, this might be preempting things a tad bit. But on the voluntary renewables, that seems like about 600 megawatts give or take. I mean, what's the pace, the cadence of that coming into service, I mean, presumably, it's within the timeframe of the PTCs rolling off? And then, separately, as you talk about having seen a surprising amount of demand on that front, can you elaborate a little bit on what the latest conversations? Have you largely tapped it out at this point in your mind at least through the existing PTC window or is there still an opportunity to run out there and grab some market share while the tax credits exist?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: So, the 300 megawatts that we talked about initially, I think a lot of that demand is in late-stage discussions, I'd say, and feels very good. But we have additional demand beyond that which is why we're going for 600 megawatts. And in terms of the tax credits, as you would expect, there are – both we and others have preserved the ability to use tax credits at project sites. So, those are what are coming forward. So, we've done in the past and will do in the future these build, own, transfer projects with developers whose real business is to go out and develop sites, and perhaps pin down through equipment commitments, the tax credit viability. And we then work with them to bring those sites to fruition. So, that's what we're doing. And, yeah, we've been encouraged by the level of interest from industrials and institutionals in carbon emission reduction. And so, we're going to – we'll try to knock down the 300 megawatts, work our way into the 600 megawatts, and there may be more beyond that, we'll see.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Last one, detail on the trading side. Just can you clarify, is there a locked-in level that you're looking at 2019? Just – obviously, it's up from the 2018 levels as you expected initially.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Well, we'll talk about – we can talk about Trading at EEI as well, I think. But one thing I would say is it's just been a very consistent performer in recent years. So, what we're essentially doing with this guidance is putting it in line with reality. And so, that's what you see in the guidance for next year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. All right. Thank you very much.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Hey, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Good morning. Really remarkable track record you guys are building here, very impressive. Couple of questions. Could you please elaborate more on what the volume situation has been this year on your system? In that, you do have an assumed decline in the earnings contribution next year on GS&P. Given, I presumed, I guess, normalization of volumes, does that have to do with the Atlantic Sunrise or the other pipes coming online that are now – producers are now moving off your system that they perhaps needed to be on your system on an interim basis. Anything you can do to help us understand the flows would be much appreciated.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Sure. We saw increased throughput on a discretionary basis across all our platforms. That would include like Vector which is our Chicago to Dawn pipe. Even our Storage assets performed better than expected in terms of market value and volumes. Millennium performed above target and Bluestone and our Susquehanna Gathering was a huge contributor as well. And then our Link assets performed better than we expected. So, Greg, it was across all the platforms and it was for various reasons. I think one of them you touched on people looking for other places to send their gas, use some of our platforms to do so, but we also saw market conditions evolve in different markets that drove the need for incremental throughput. So, we thought it to be what we would consider a higher than expected case.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: It's in all cylinders here. I mean, weather was there too...
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. Right.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: ...either with a lot of flow to meet summer weather demand that was strong, certainly stronger than we have projected since we projected normal weather. I think we told you that we had producer drilling that was more aggressive than we thought it would be. And so, we're not projecting that sort of aggressive drilling next year. It may come, but we just don't think it's prudent to build plans around repeated aggressive drilling, repeated warm weather, storage outperformance, volume outperformance on various platforms. I wouldn't say it's – we aren't pinpointing it to other pipes coming on or anything like that. It was more these conditions asset-by-asset that was better than we expected.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: So, would it be fair to say, Gerry, as you talk about the idea of contingency across the business that there's a contingency built in here as well?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Well, we've told you. We try in every business and the company overall did come into the year with contingency. I just have a philosophy; it's hard to deliver anything that has uncertainty in the future if you don't have some room for things to go wrong. So, yes, we do. And I hope conditions emerge so that that contingency will accrue to you. That's been typical in recent years, but time will tell.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. One last question. You mentioned – and I'm sure you'll give us an update in due course about expansion opportunities on the system. You didn't explicitly mention the potential for additional gathering and processing, but should I assume that that is part of what you might consider at the right value proposition?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: If we get the right deal, we'll certainly look at those. So, yeah, I'd say the investments that we're looking at in GSP are across the board, mainline, lateral, smaller extensions out to gathering platforms and potentially the gathering itself.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: And then processing assets or no?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: You know processing if need be. So, we are very familiar with those. We've done them in Michigan for many decades. It hasn't been a focus of ours, but if needed by one of the producers, we'd certainly take it out.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thanks. Looking forward to seeing you at EEI.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thanks. You as well.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Praful Mehta with Citigroup.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, guys. Congrats on a good quarter.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning. So, maybe start with the tax equity piece. Just wanted to understand that what is your cash flow profile? If you didn't do the tax equity deal, how early could you utilize that tax attribute? So, I guess how early have you pulled forward the cash flows related with this tax equity deal and what kind of returns are generally are you seeing for these investors who're buying this tax equity kind of product?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: This is Peter. Yeah. The cash flows that we would have seen from these, if we would have kept the credits on account are probably – I'd say over probably about a decade away right in the 2020s, late 2020s. So, it really made sense for us to pull that cash forward.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: We've been – as you know, we've got a number of these projects around for a while. So, as we get deeper into our ownership, the use of the credits goes from quite current to being pushed out, which is why it makes sense for us now to monetize and pull them forward.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah. No that sounds like it makes complete sense. So, in terms of the tax equity deal, it did not reduce your equity needs because that you'd already contemplated in your plan, is that right?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: That is correct.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: We knew...
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I got you.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: We anticipated that we would do these and plan to do the tax equity transaction. So, I think we have been signaling that across this year that we were working on them. And so, we're now getting very close.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Fair enough. And then, in terms of the acquisitions, I know you had mentioned earlier that there were potential acquisitions you would look at on the GSP side. Is that still something that you have on your radar or now do you have the platform with NEXUS that you're looking at that as the build-out opportunity or is M&A on the plate as well?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. M&A is on the plate. And in fact, we have a couple of assets that we're looking at with great interest right now. So, we'll provide you with updates as soon as we can on those and what we can at EEI if we're able. I will say that on the second quarter call, I think a couple of you sensed there was something that might have been quite close. There was. We had a sizable transaction that we were well along on, kind of entering deep due diligence. But as we got deep into the due diligence on that one, we found that the geology just wasn't strong enough for us to be confident in the underlying geology. And so, I was really proud of our team. They came back and said, look, this deal is constructed, it doesn't fit our investment discipline and we ought to look at other assets, and if we could get it at a lower price great, but not at this price. And so, we did move on from that one, but there are probably more assets out there than are visible to the public. I'll just put it that way, and we're looking at a couple of interesting ones.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: That's very interesting. Good color and glad to hear of the discipline. Thanks so much, guys.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning Paul.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning, Paul.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Congratulations on the quarter. Peter, at least so many in Detroit can hit it out of the park.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah, that's true. Yeah.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Can you just refresh our memories. What is your forecast for filling the one-third capacity at NEXUS?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Right now, we're well on our way with short-term contracts. As I mentioned, we've got about 350 million a day and short-term contracts are already flowing on the pipe, as we speak. And our long-term contracts, which total about 840 million a day will start to flow in and around the 1st of November.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: But kind of longer term, what do you see the split between kind of excess capacity and 100% firm?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Well, they'll all be firm contracts with the exception of a very small amount to our total capacity of 15 (47:46). So, whether they're short term in nature or long term in nature that will be firm contracts that we'll deliver on. And I think what it'll evolve over time is we'll do two things. One is move some of those short-term contracts into long-term contracts and also start to expand the pipe.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: So, we've said on prior calls – and there's really no new news on this that we expect the pipe to really fill up in significant measure with short-term flows and we're seeing that. In fact, we expect those short-term volumes will likely increase as the upstream feed to the pipe increases, as assets are put in service to deliver our long-term shippers. And then the process of transitioning those short volumes to longer-term contracts, a lot of that is expected to play out over the next year, as we said on the mid-year call. And our team and the Enbridge team will work that together.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Because these flows are mostly pushed rather than market pull, there should be little seasonality?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Well, I don't know if I'd characterize it that way. Actually, there's a very healthy spread to Michigan right now from the producing regions, which just says that it's an attractive market and given that the volumes are flowing.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And then just a clarification, what is the base of the 5% to 7%? You threw out a lot of numbers.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: So, you can take it off of our early outlook for 2019.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Morning.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Morning.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Morning Jonathan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Paul just asked my main question. But just coming back on NEXUS, when you say short-term contracts, what term are we talking about? Because I know your longer term ones are 15 years if I'm not wrong. So, just kind of curious, when you say short term, is that very short term or is that something in the middle?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: I think they'll rage – our short-term contracts, Jonathan, are ranged from very short term to medium short term. So, there'll be – some of them could be months, some of them could be years. So, I think it'll be a combination of – that's what we consider short term, that's what will help fill the pipe in the near term and then we'll transition those to multi-year contracts as we move forward.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: I think – is the basin. We talked previously the basin is projected to go short capacity in the 2020, 2021 timeframe. And it's when you approach those that both we and producers both want to line up. And so, excuse 2019 and that's why we think it's going to be an active year of discussions about those longer term contracts. I mean, some could be as long as the anchored shippers. But generally, you bring your anchor shippers into 15 to 20, you bring your other shippers in, you could get some 5s, some 7s, some might push out longer than that. And then as Jerry said you may have some that's transacting in the shorter term market on top of that so...
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: ...but I think next year it will be an active year. And in the flows that we've seen immediately come into the pipe being transitioned to multi-year term contracts of the sort I just described.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I mean last quarter if I'm not wrong, you were pretty adamant that you didn't want to go shorter than the 15-year term and that you thought that you would close out the rest of the pipe with long-term contract in late 2018 or early 2019. So, I just trying to understand what shifted in the environment that you do seem to be changing what you're saying here.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: No, actually, I don't think we said that we do 15 or 20-year contracts on the balance. That's not typical. What's typical is you come in with term, but you look for your underlying anchor shippers to drive that. Now, we may get it if the basin tightens substantially but 15 to 20 would be pretty long for people who are coming in after the anchor shippers. On the other hand, we do expect to – we don't expect it to be in the very short-term market. We expect it to be in that 5 perhaps 3s, 5s, 7s, 10s, those sorts of things. That's typical for a pipe as we built out its portfolio.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then can I just lastly clarify on the M&A side in GSP? When you were talking last quarter, you talked about opportunities on a similar, I think, scale to Link. And I heard you say that those didn't come to pass, but now you're looking at other things. Are they also on that type of scale or are they in a different kind of scale?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. The one we passed on was very analogous to Link, but the two we're looking at now, one is smaller and one is analogous to Link.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Andrew Weisel with Scotia Howard Weil.
Andrew Weisel - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning Andrew.
Andrew Weisel - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc.: Quick question on the Electric guidance. If I look at the original guidance plus the $100 million of weather, that would suggest a number much higher than $673 million. You're obviously accelerating O&Ms as you often. But anything else to call out there, I'm seeing a delta of about $80 million which seems big for reinvestments?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: About half of that $50 million pre-tax were pull-forwards in investment and our operations. And I would say the other half was due to what sometimes comes with hot weather, we had incremental storm expense as well as we continue to invest in our customers systems to improve service from that new system that we installed.
Andrew Weisel - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: So, pull forwards, storms, and we have some called Customer 360, we're in the first year of those. And, typical, when you bring in a big new customer platform, your expenses rise some and then fall away and we've seen that as expected this year.
Andrew Weisel - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Then, also on the Electric side, how would you describe the discussion so far around the five-year distribution plan that you filed at the start of this year?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: We met extensively with both the Commissioners, but the Commission Staff in particular, our people were up there working in detail about future plans and future investment levels and the rationale for those. And so, it's really on that basis that the three-year IRM filing was made. I described it this way. I think the Commission would like to be off the, every year, rate case cycle. And the reason for that is that there's a lot of waste in that. It's driven entirely because capital expenditures and reinvestment in the system is high, but it forces a relook at everything on an annual basis. And there are a lot of things that are more sensibly looked at every two or three years. So, it is a lot of work that is really unnecessary, if you know that you're investing in this power plant or you're going to invest in your distribution system or you're going to make investments that are necessary in your nuclear plant, why drive rate cases with those known items? And so, I think there's a mutual goal to rationalize the rate case filing process and frequency. And we've done our best to work hard with the staff to get a position in front of them that makes sense to us and makes sense to them. And so, we're hopeful that we'll land in a spot that meets both needs.
Andrew Weisel - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc.: Very good. And then, lastly, earlier in the year, you quantified the tax reform benefits for 2018. Fair to assume that you showed the year-over-year growth from 2018 to 2019 using the original 2018 guidance. Would it be fair to say that the 2019 tax reform benefits would be comparable adjusted for the underlying growth in the non-utility businesses and therefore maybe would be awash with the REF tax equity transaction EPS impact?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. Andrew, maybe (00:56:56) understand your question a little bit more. But our 2018 original guidance was at the year-end call, which we put in the tax reform effect on that. So, that was baked into that original guidance. So, it is comparable to 2019 early outlook to the original guidance is comparable in terms of the both reflecting tax reform. But I'm not sure if that was the nature of your question.
Andrew Weisel - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc.: Yes, it was. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Gregg Orrill with UBS.
Gregg Orrill - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah, thank you. Mostly asked and answered, but if maybe you could comment on the details around the 1,100 megawatts plant that you're building at DTE Electric, just technology and efficiency and anything else that you think is important there?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: That's a combined-cycle, natural gas-fired plant about 1,100 megawatts. It will be located where our Belle River in St. Clair existing coal units are, so it's going to be in that location. We're receiving great support from the local community. In addition to that, in terms of efficiencies, it's around at 6,000 heat rate on the latest GE turbines, so it is the GE turbine. So those are the high level details.
Gregg Orrill - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you. With that I'm understanding it is our last question. So, I'll just reiterate, really appreciate everybody being on the call. We're on a great year this year, and I think our two guidance increases indicate that. I also feel really good about the position we're in to continue the performance that we've been able to deliver you in recent years, really over the past 11 years. And we look forward to providing you updates on our five year plan at EEI and the investments at our utilities and our non-utility businesses that will undergo that plan. So, we will see you all at San Francisco and thanks for joining the call.
Operator: And that concludes today's presentation. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Tuckfield - IR Gerry Anderson - Chairman and CEO Jerry Norcia - President and COO Peter Oleksiak - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Richie Ciciarelli - Guggenheim Partners Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Andrew Weisel - Scotia Howard Weil
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the DTE Energy 2018 Q2 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Barbara Tuckfield. Please go ahead.
Barbara Tuckfield: Thank you, April, and good morning everyone. Before I get started, I would like to remind everyone to read the Safe Harbor statement on page two of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix of today's presentation. With us this morning are Gerry Anderson, Chairman and CEO; Jerry Norcia, President and COO; and Peter Oleksiak, Senior Vice President and CFO. We also have members of management to call upon during the Q&A session. And now I will turn it over to Gerry to start the call.
Gerry Anderson: Well, thank you, Barb, and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today. So this morning, I'm going to give you a recap of our performance for the second quarter and also share some thoughts on our long-term growth plan. And then I'll hand it over to Peter, who will provide a financial review and some additional color around our increased earnings guidance. And then, Jerry Norcia will wrap things up by providing more detail on the progress of both our utility and non-utility growth plans. And then, we will take your Q&A. So, I'm going to start on slide five. I told you on the first quarter call that I feel good about our financial performance, and halfway through the year, I feel even better. To be honest, financially we are crushing it this year. And so, both utilities are right on track, and both GSP and P&I are having an exceptional year. And so, given this, we are increasing our 2018 EPS guidance midpoint by $0.35, or a full 6% to $6.13. And this new guidance implies growth of nearly 10% versus our actual in 2017. Cash flows are also very strong. So we are increasing our cash flow guidance for the year by 200 million. And as Peter will discuss later, we expect this cash flow strength to reduce our equity issuances over the three-year period. On the regulatory front, I'm encouraged as well. So, on the first quarter call we told you that our recent electric rate case was a bit low. Since then, on rehearing, the MPSC increased the case outcome by just a little more than 10 million. And that outcome also had important benefits for one of our local community. So, their decision was appreciated. MPSC also recently approved our plan to move forward with a 1,100 megawatt combined cycle plant to help backfill some of the coal plant retirements that we have coming. We also recently filed a 1.7 billion renewal energy plant with the Public Service Commission, an investment that will help backfill the retiring coal plants and meet the 2021 RPS requirement that we have here in Michigan. In July, we filed an electric rate case, and importantly that case includes an IRM provision, or an infrastructure recovery mechanism that we discussed extensively with the MPS in a series of meetings before the filing. And Jerry Norcia is going to give you more detail on that provision in a bit. And finally, our gas rate case will be finalized in September, and we expect the outcome in that case to be without surprises. So moving on to slide six, I want to transition to a discussion of our future growth. So, both of our utilities are evaluating investments that would be additional to those in our current plan. So, in the electric utility, those investments are tied to voluntary renewable projects with large customers, and those discussions are progressing well with the customers. In the gas business, we filed a plan to further accelerate our gas main replacement program, and Jerry will give you additional color on both of these areas in a few minutes. There is a lot going on at GSP related to future growth. So NEXUS construction is now 80% complete and progressing well. In fact, a group of us along with some board members flew to the pipeline route yesterday, and saw mostly dirt covering pipe, so that's a good sign. On our Link asset, the DTE Board recently approved a $250 million gathering expansion investment for a key customer. And overall, the Link asset just continues to surprise to the upside. We also have four other laterals or expansion projects that are either under construction or have recently been completed. And Jerry will give you some further color on those in a little bit. Finally, we are evaluating acquisitions that are of a scale analogous to Link. And as we look at those, we will keep you abreast of the work in that area. So P&I also has a lot on its plate relative to future growth. So, the Ford central energy plant that we recently closed is now in full-bore construction. We've also begun construction on an RNG or Renewable Natural Gas project in Wisconsin, and we sense that there are more projects like these two that I just mentioned that will be coming. So we expect to close an additional one to two cogen or RNG projects this year. And the development queue behind those projects continues to be very strong. And so given all of that, we now expect P&I's 2022 earnings to be materially above the $70 million that we have previously disclosed. We also remain committed to our 5% to 7% EPS growth rate target over the five-year plan. So there's been some discussion about whether we can hit those targets out in 2022, so I want to spend a minute on that topic. And I'll address the topic from two vantage points; looking forward and looking back. So let me start with the forward look. So there are a range of long-term EPS forecasts out there for us, and in our eyes a few of them are light. And for those who are light we see a few key themes. These forecasts tend to be light on future utility earnings, heavy on future holding company expenses, and heavy on future equity issuances versus our plan. And the combination of these factors account for the perceived shortfall. I'll also say that our portfolio of growth opportunities feels better than it did even six or nine months ago. We continue to look for and find good investment opportunities, which has been a pattern for the company over the years. So that brings me to the second vantage point I mentioned earlier, and I'm moving on to slide seven now. The five-year forward growth targets that we have provided you over the years versus what we have actually achieved are shown on this slide. So, for example, if you look at the second set of bars from the left, seven years ago, in 2011, our targeted EPS growth rate implied an EPS level in 2016 of $4.64. We actually delivered five years later, in 2016, $5.28. Similarly, in 2012 our five-year forward growth estimate for 2017 was $4.97. We ended up beating that last year by $0.62 or 12.5%. And based on the guidance update that we've given you this morning on this call, the 2018 EPS growth target that we provided to you back in 2013 looks pretty conservative now given that we expect to come in $0.90 higher or over 17% above what we told you we were targeting for this year five years back. So what's the point of this backward look? Well I have to tell you every one of those five-year projections that we gave you over the years felt challenging at the time. I can vouch for that. And every one of those five-year plans had some level of go-get in them, that is growth that we expected to play out and we're committed to finding but hadn't yet fully pinned down. And our pattern shows that we've been able to more than fill those future growth goals. So as I look forward five years to 2022, things feel much the same. There are challenges in the plan. It wouldn't be a decent five-year plan if there weren't some challenges in it. But the challenges feel very analogous to those that we have not only met in the past but have materially beaten over the past decade. So I hope that's some hopeful perspective on our future growth. And of course we'll provide you a more detailed update on all of that later this year. And with that, I'm going to turn things over to Peter for the financial update. Peter, over to you.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks, Gerry, and good morning everyone. I'm going to start on slide nine. Before I get into the quarter I always like to give an update on my Detroit Tigers. While the Yankees, Red Sox, and Astros battle for the best record in the American League, after last night's loss to Kansas City, my Tigers are now 17 games below 500 and deep into the rebuilding process. On the positive side, my minor league prospects are looking good, including the number one draft pick, so there is a bright future ahead for my team. But it really can't come soon enough for me. Now turning to our financial results, as some of them were positive, DTE is off to a great start this year. As Gerry mentioned, the first half-year came in very strong. We had operating earnings of $247 million or $1.36 per share. And for reference our reported earnings were $234 million or $1.29 per share. And you can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment including a reconciliation to GAAP-reported earnings in the appendix. Let's touch on each of the segments in detail starting with our utilities. We had very interesting weather during the quarter that provided some favorability of both utilities. Our Gas utility experienced a very cold April, actually the second coldest April on record. And our Electric utility experienced warm weather in both May and June. In fact, May was the second warmest on record here in 2018. This weather was positive for both utilities, so a perfect utility quarter for us. To review the quarter-over-quarter earnings variance I will start with Electric utility. The DTE Electric earnings for the second quarter were $163 million, $15 million higher than the second quarter of last year, driven by new rate implementation and the warmer weather I just mentioned, partially offset by higher O&M expense and rate-based growth. A more detailed year-over-year earnings variance walks for DTE Electric to be found in the appendix. DTE Gas operating earnings were $14 million, or $13 million higher than last year, driven primarily by the cooler April weather. The Gas Storage and Pipeline business, operating earnings were $60 in the second quarter, $20 million higher than last year. This increase is due to lower corporate tax rates, as well as increased gathering and transport volumes across the platforms, mainly at Bluestone. Future growth that we anticipate at GSP is showing up earlier than we thought, and we're essentially seeing growth that we expected to play out next year roll into this year, which really solidifies earnings across this year and 2019. And the strong cash flows that go along with the earnings are going to help reduce equity needs for us. Operating earnings for Power & Industrial business was 43 million to 13 million higher in the second quarter of last year. This increase is due in part to higher REF volumes, and our waste wood renewable plans performed better than last year. We have been saying that we continue to optimize our REF assets until they begin to sunset in 2020 and 2022. And then, we expect to see some earnings upside from these assets in the near-term. While these earnings upsides we are seeing results of first higher throughput at some our existing REF sites. We also moved some of our units to larger sites where they can handle higher volumes. Now these incremental earnings can now be for monetized for accelerated cash flow. You will see these earnings for cash trade play out next year as we get tax equity partners for some of these projects. There is a strong growth in our non-utility this year. We have increased guidance at GSP and P&I which I will discuss on the next slide in a minute. Rounding out our growth segments in the second quarter is Corporate & Other, which is at 9 million unfavorable compared to last year due to tax reform and higher interest expense. The Energy Trading had operating earnings of 8 million in the second quarter, up 4 million from last year driven by stronger performance of gas portfolio. So overall, TT is $1.37 per share in the second quarter of 2018 or $0.29 over the last year. Let me turn to the next slide. Let me start with the -- at the top of the slide, the DTE Electric, it is why our guidance increased. You may remember in the first quarter we guided towards the lower end of the range. Now with the favorable weather we experienced this quarter, we now expect to land firmly in the middle of the range for this year. The DTE Gas, we feel comfortable with the current guidance range for 2018. As I mentioned, both GSP and P&I we are having a very strong year. We are increasing the guidance range of GSP to 225 million to 235 million due to the growth in gathering and transport volume. At P&I we are increasing guidance range to 150 million to 170 million due to the higher earnings from the area of assets and strong results from our steel projects. Our non-utility businesses differentiate DTE from our peers and continue to provide some very good long-term growth opportunities for the company. We are decreasing guidance for Corporate & Other due to taxes and other items that should be considered onetime in nature. As I mentioned, DTE Energy had earnings of 8 million in the second quarter and is on track to have another solid year. Year-to-date trading had earnings of 9 million. So we are comfortable with the 5 million to 20 million guidance range we have been putting in the trading business. Overall, we feel very good of achieving our new operating EPS guidance this year. And with this, we provide stronger cash flows and will allow us to reduce equity issuances, which I addressed already. The earnings strength we are seeing this year is continuation of a decade-plus pattern. Let's turn to slide 11. You can see this. You can see as we have met and/or in most case exceeded our annual earnings guidance that was provided to you for the last 11 years which is over a decade. Over the front-half of the period, we got 4% to 6% annual EPS growth. In most recent years, we have guided to a 5% to 7% growth. But as you see from green ovals on the top of the slide, our EPS growth over the last decade has been closer to 8% and our growth over the last five years approaches 8.5%. So, it has beaten our 5% to 7% EPS growth rate of over a decade which is a great track record. Now prior to turning it over to Jerry Norcia, I would like to give you a brief update on our cash flow on the next slide, slide 12. This year's strong earnings and cash performance not only demonstrates for the 11th year in a row our ability to deliver results but also immediately helps our EPS growth in the future. We are upping our cash forecast this year by 200 million and reducing our expected equity issuance by 100 million across 2018 to 2020. This year's total issuances are reduced from a previously disclosed 300 million to 250 million. Our goal is to minimize equity issuances next year outside of the Link converts. And we are targeting 100 million to 200 million. Now I would like to turn to Jerry Norcia to discuss our long-term growth.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you, Peter. I'll begin on slide 14. We continue to see growth in our utilities fueled by our investment in infrastructure and generation due to lot of positive things going on in our electric utility that will help secure our generation reliability and improved customer satisfaction. As Gerry mentioned, the Public Service Commission approved the need for new natural gas plant earlier this year. This is a 1,100 megawatt natural gas plant combined cycle that we are building at a cost just under $1 billion. Along with renewable energy, natural gas will be a critical part of our power generation capacity in the decades ahead. New plant is scheduled to break ground in August of this year, with full construction underway in mid 2019. We expect the plant go in service in 2022 which fits with the timing of three coal-fired power plants being retired in 2020-2023 timeframe. Earlier this year, we submitted our renewable plan to the Public Service Commission. We are planning to double our renewable capacity to 2,000 megawatts by 2022, investing approximately $1.7 billion on renewable energy over this timeframe. We're also adding 300 megawatts of new wind capacity, supply voluntary renewable energy program for large industrial customers who are looking to reduce property measures. In July, DTE Electric filed a general rate case, which included a three-year infrastructure recovery mechanism, which we call the IRM, designed to reduce rate case frequency. This proposed IRM would recover our distribution investments, our new natural gas bio power plant and certain fossil generation, and nuclear investments. These investments total approximately $1 billion per year, and are critical to modernizing our distribution system and improving our liability for our customers. This current rate case is the fourth and the last five years for DTE Electric. The company's need for rate increases has been, and is expected to be largely driven by the needs to replace critical infrastructure to safely and reliably serve our customers. For the proper IRM and Electric Company in place to address this critical infrastructure, we believe that maybe held to defer filing rate cases on an annual basis. IRM creates alignment, certainty, and continuity for our investment strategies as it relates to modernizing renewing our infrastructure. And it also creates tremendous efficiencies and our ability to engineer, procure and construct the infrastructure when we know years in advance what our work will be. All of this accrues as a benefit to our customers, and reduces the frequency of highly repetitive regulatory proceedings. As you know, we have a recovery mechanism for our main renewal capital at our gas utility, and this has worked very well helping our efforts to improve safety and reliability in our gas main infrastructure. Recent rate filing also included a request for electric vehicle program, which we call Charging Force. This program will help customers realize the benefits of EVs and reduce barriers to EV adoption through communication, residential charging support, and charging infrastructure. Filing also incorporates the customer benefit of Tax Reform. We have a legislative 10-month rate case cycle in Michigan, so we expect these new rates in the electric to be effective in May of 2019. Now moving to DTE Gas, we began reducing customer rates for Tax Reform in July. Our general rate case is progressing. The rate case includes a proposal to increase the annual number of miles of main replacement, increasing the base from a 25-year base through a 15-year cycle. This proposal will allow the system to be hardened at equipment pace and will significantly decrease O&M cost over time. As always, when considering the investment in system herding, we are very focused on rate affordability for our customers. We filed the plan with the Public Service Commission; returned the balance of benefits from the tax rate decrease to customers. This rate reduction will go a long way towards mitigating the effects of the gas rate case, and will allow us to achieve our new affordability goal, achieve our affordability goals. Now let's move to slide 15 to provide an update on our Gas Storage and Pipeline business. I'd like to start with an update on the NEXUS pipeline. Before I highlight some of the progress we have made on construction, I want to take a step back and talk about project as we see it. It is a long-term project that will help grow this business segment for many years to come. We're very encouraged by forecasts of future production in the Basin served by NEXUS. The pipe is located over the most prolific, one of the most prolific dry gas basins in the country. Basin's production capacity is expected to grow significantly from 28 BCF a day to 40 BCF a day by the end of next decade. Forecasters are also predicting that basin will be short in capacity in the very near future. And our ongoing discussion with producers of the seas and industrials reflect this sentiment. We have enough volume under discussion to fill the pipe, so this pipe is clearly needed and well-positioned. Given this, we are focused on getting long-term deals to provide a strong base for NEXUS for years to come. We expect these that play out after the construction is complete and the pipe goes into service. This is something that is counted to play in our financial plan. Speaking of construction, we have made significant progress in all aspects of construction, and we are approximately 80% complete. 100% of mainline walling on the pipe is completed, leading this walling as a key milestone in any pipeline project, and we are in very good shape with this phase. Regarding our horizontal threshold drilling, we have completed 16 of the 18 HDDs we need to drill, which is another key phase in construction and the two remaining HDDs are pretty minor in terms of size. So all-in-all, we are pleased with how the NEXUS project is coming together. We look forward to growing this platform much like we have done with our other existing pipeline assets, and we expect the pipe to be a strong contributor within GSP for many years to come. Our Link collateral and gathering asset continues to perform well and they progress towards future growth. Jerry mentioned the $250 million expansion Link that our Board of Directors recently approved. This is the third expansion of Link. This investment is really coming along well. Volumes and investments are coming in faster than a pro-forma plan we have shared with you. Additionally, we are currently evaluating a number of acquisition opportunities roughly the size of Link. We have multiple assets under consideration, and we are in detail evaluation base of one asset in particular. As I've said before, when talking to investors of potential acquisitions, they are very disciplined in our approach, we are focused on assets that fits strategically in our GSP portfolio and keep our business mix where we like it. We will continue to update you on our progress in this area. As far as some of our other GSP projects, they are progressing well. Millennium's Valley Lateral was recently placed in-service after receiving approval from the FERC. This is an 8-mile lateral that moves natural gas to a 720 megawatt power plant in New York. This is a good size lateral that can deliver for 130 million cubic feet of natural gas. Also in Millennium, we have the Eastern System Upgrade on track and in-service in the fourth quarter this year. This expansion will provide 220 million a day of additional capacity under the Northeast markets. On our Bluestone pipeline, we will complete ongoing construction a 100 million a day expansion by the third quarter of this year. Finally, on the Birdsboro Lateral, we are in full construction mode. This 14-mile lateral is expected in service in the fourth quarter. So as you can see, we have a lot of positive momentum in our GSP business and we will continue to update you as these are progressed. Now I'd like to move on to the Power & Industrial business on slide 16. Our P&I business continue to see progress on the development of both industrial energy projects and renewable natural gas projects. We began construction in the Ford motor company central energy plant that we have discussed with you in the past. We are also finalizing agreement on other cogeneration project for the large industrial customer in the Midwest. We expect to close the project this year. In our RNG business, we have made progress since our last call. We finalized the agreement on one of the gas capture projects we told you about, and have started construction. This project is in Wisconsin, and we expect it to be on service on early 2019. Between these two business lines, we have been evaluating about 10 projects as a result we have closed one RNG deal this year and expect to close one or two deals on the cogen RNG's base later this year. So we are feeling really good about the progress for current P&I projects. We believe we have a good pipeline of future projects with a secured growth in this business. We previously told you that our 2022 earnings goal is $70 million, and that we need a $45 million in income to new projects developed between 2017, and 2022 to hit that target. By the end of this year, we expect over two-thirds of the $45 million to be in hand, only three years into the five-year period. So given this, as Jerry said earlier, we expect P&I's earnings by 2022 to be materially above $70 million level. Now, I will wrap up on slide 17, and then we will open it up for questions. All-in-all, I feel great about position we are in both our utilities and non-utilities to deliver another strong year-end 2018. We delivered strong second quarter results and significantly increased our 2018 operating EPS and cash flow guidance. Our utilities continue to focus on necessary infrastructure investments to improve the liability and the customer experience. With additional expansions in business development, we continue sustainable growth with the non-utility businesses. Given this, I'm confident that we are on track to deliver strong EPS and dividend growth will drive premium total shareholder returns, and we are confident our plans to reach our 5% to 7% long-term EPS growth target over the five-year plan. With that, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. And April, you can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Richard Ciciarelli: Hey, this is actually Richie Ciciarelli here for Shar. How are you guys doing today?
Gerry Anderson: Doing fine, thanks.
Richard Ciciarelli: All right, good to hear. Just wanted to touch a little bit on your Midstream growth strategy, can you just provide a little bit more color on your evaluation process for acquisitions, like how much is it from gathering and processing versus transportation assets? And can you just maybe touch on the long-term strategy, how much is fueled by acquisitions versus organic growth opportunities?
Peter Oleksiak: Well, the assets that we're looking right now are gathering and transportation, so there's some high pressure transmission as well gathering assets that we're looking at. In terms of mix into the five-year future, there is a balance that we try to maintain between what I would call purely demand-charged style projects and what I would call demand-and-variable charged projects. So that mix there, we try to maintain. We try to maintain a good balance. So there's a balance of both gathering investments through acquisition as well as organic development.
Gerry Anderson: The other thing I would say is that we have had a pattern of building a platform and then expanding organically from the platform. In many cases our best growth comes from those organic expansions. So if you look at Millennium, Millennium led to Bluestone, which was an organic expansion. Bluestone led to some gathering, which has turned out to be a nice business line for us. And that whole area continues to produce growth opportunities. So for example, we recently reached an agreement with Cabot there which we think will be a good relationship, a positive relationship for us in that area. And we see Link playing out analogously where we made an acquisition but we expect that acquisition to lead to a host of agreements like the one we just mentioned where we've got Board approval and are ready to anchor $250 million-ish investment with one of our counterparties there. So that's the thought process that's worked out well for us. And these acquisitions we're looking out are meant to repeat the same pattern.
Richard Ciciarelli: Got you, guys. That's very helpful. That's all I had. Thank you.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Gerry Anderson: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning everyone.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. So wanted to follow-up a little bit here on the comments on the long-term guidance, perhaps just to kick it off, can you comment a little bit on how you think about the Link-sized acquisition and the context of the 5% to 7%, and how that might position you within that guidance range? And then separately, let me also just throw these other questions in there while you talk about the 5% to 7%. How do you think about the P&I segment, specifically you talk about being materially above that. Certainly in an '18 context you're certainly tracking very well. How much of that is REF-related versus some of these other elements like RNG? And when you say materially can you maybe expand a little bit more on that?
Gerry Anderson: Sure. So maybe I'll start with P&I. So yes, we're having a very strong year in 2018. And as Peter told you, we had focused on optimizing these projects and positioning them to get as much as we could out of them, which is going better than we thought. But we're also moving toward the phase where we're going to be doing tax equity transactions. And the goal there is to accelerate cash flows and then redeploy those cash flows into other growth projects, debt reduction, and equity reduction. So I think what we're going to see out of the P&I projects is higher earnings in the short-term, and then the long-term benefit will come from the higher cash flows that the projects will generate versus what was in our plan even a handful of months ago. Concerning the Link-style acquisitions, we are looking at those. We're disciplined about how we go about those. So we'll do it if it's right for us to do. But if it is I think it would be one of the things that really helps us shore up our 5% to 7% growth targets. So we aren't saying if we do one of those we're going to raise the 5% to 7%. It's really meant to achieve that. It'd say in general those platform investments, as I've described them, have surprised us to the upside. So the whole Bluestone platform certainly did. So far the Link platform is. So we're seeing things come at us faster on Link than we had anticipated. And we're ahead of the pro forma that we shared with you when we invested in the project back in 2016. And so our take for Link is everything we've seen there is positive. So if we think we can do another of those, and we like the investment then our history would suggest that they're fruitful places to firm up and fill out the growth plan that we shared with you.
Peter Oleksiak: Other area that we're seeing strength in at P&I is our steel business. With the surge in steel production we're seeing the value for coke that we produce go up this year. And we expect that that will provide some value next year as well.
Gerry Anderson: And then long-term with P&I, I think Jerry mentioned this, that we continue to add cogeneration projects. And I think in part that's a reflection of the positive natural gas environment in the United States and the confidence that industrial producers have in that fuel. On top of that, there's a real push nationally to bring some renewable into natural gas, that's true both at the federal level through the EPA and in various states. So for example, California has a renewable natural gas push in the transportation sector. And currently there the sector is short supply, so it's providing favorable dynamics. And so in this renewable natural gas space, which as an area we haven't been doing it as renewable, but we've been doing waste methane capture for decades. It's an area we have the skills for, but it's one of these niches that I think we've stepped into that has some very favorable growth wind behind it. So we think that's going to be a attractive area for us to grow, and is one of the things that's convinced us that the $70 million number that we've been communicating for the last couple of years feels conservative now. And then we think we're going to materially beat that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, excellent. Can you comment a little bit on the utilities then, I mean you obviously alluded some incremental capital spend specifically to the renewables program, et cetera. You delineated a capital plan through '22 for electric and gas of 10-4 and 2-1 respectively previously. Can you elaborate just where you stand relative to those perhaps as well just to kind of give me some…
Gerry Anderson: We'll give you a full-capital kind of re-stack later this year. But I can say that the voluntary renewables has added about $450 million of renewable investment to the plan that we communicated previously. And we also have the item Jerry mentioned, which is the acceleration of the gas main replacement as additional to the gas plan. And that's a program that as we further look at both operating impacts, environmental impacts of an old system, we just think we've got to move and get that system fixed and modernized. So that's an acceleration as well.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, excellent. And then lastly on the GSP segment, just to make sure I'm understanding what you're saying. Obviously the Link would be incremental. How far above plan are you when you talk about your original Link investment that you talked about and/or anything else? I mean is there anything new that we should be considering in the context of the 2022 CapEx plan and earnings growth target range?
Gerry Anderson: Well, I guess I would say that we're multiple years ahead of plan. So in 2018 we kind of sit where we thought we might be in terms of volumes and so a couple of years from now. And I'd say we've more than locked in our base case and are now working on upside to that. So we got to continue to produce good results there, but it's a lot better than being behind, I'll say that, to be well ahead of plan. And the dynamics there continue to be positive. I mean we bet on the asset because the reserves are such high quality, and that's what's playing out. The nation continues to deplete and needs to drill to replace production. And this is a very good place to do that. So, one of the producers there substantially increased plans versus what we thought they would do in our pro forma and it's accruing to our benefit.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. All right, guys, thank you so much.
Gerry Anderson: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Greg Gordon from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon: Thanks, guys; really impressive results all the way around the horn.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Greg Gordon: Not to beat a dead horse, but I know that you guys are very comfortable with the long-term plan. But when we think about the base of earnings that you're using for your 5% to 7% earnings growth target through 2022, I mean I just want to -- given that the steel business can be cyclical and that the REF business obviously has a tail how should we think about the, despite the fact you're crushing it in those businesses today, like what base you're using off to set that 5% to 7% earnings growth target. Because I just fear that investors will get ahead or you or dip behind you in terms of the long-term view on where you're going to be given the cyclicality in the steel business, the falling away of the REF stuff. And there is some natural cyclicality too potentially in Midstream. So I just wanted to get a sense of how you think about the endpoint versus the beginning point, and so we can right-size our expectations.
Gerry Anderson: So we're still guiding off of where we always have, off the initial guidance we gave you for 2018. And we're clearly seeing a very strong earnings performance this year. So if you look at GSP, for example, I mean our guidance year-over-year is up over 40%. And that business is not going to be up 40% every year. So we're not guiding to that. But it's great to see your long-term plans evolve at the front-end of your investment period because it brings certainty, and allows you to move on and focus on adding to that rather than trying to peruse what you hoped you could. So yes, we're still guiding to 5% to 7% off of our initial guidance from this year and 2022. And we know that, for example, in GSP, there may be times when we bring a lot to the table in a particular year. And some year down the road may be slower. But that's fine as long as the overall growth rate is good. And P&I, yes, we've talked about REF and the sunset there, and harvesting cash flows from that business. We've been talking about that for five years or more. So that's not news. But you mentioned steel. That is a business where I think the breezes are generally good, so people talk a lot about tariffs where the prices for domestic steel are up some 20%, and we are seeing increased production. Probably gives us an opportunity here as we see that strength to bring some contract term to some of our positions, so we'll be looking to do that. And then some of the other businesses, cogen and REF, those are all businesses where we see longer-term trends.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, I was going to add that the steel business is going to give us some favorability, of course, and already is. But the fundamental growth in P&I is driven by asset investment of long-term contracts. And that's going to revolve around the cogen deals that we're pursuing. And we're very close to closing on another one this year. And the RNG deals, I mean these are all asset investments with long-lived deals. So that's really the -- if you were to model where is the growth going to come from in P&I it will come primarily from those two types of investments.
Greg Gordon: Yes, but that's what I thought. I just wanted to get a sense. You're actually replacing over time some of these more cyclical revenue streams with longer-lived assets with more predictable revenue streams. Is that your summary?
Gerry Anderson: We said last year, maybe even earlier, that what we needed to hit our longer-term growth plan out of P&I was $70 million of recurring earnings, and that we needed $45 million of incremental earnings to achieve that. Last year we got $15 million of those incremental earnings. This year we're projecting to get the next $15 million. So we're two years into the five-year plan and we're two-thirds done. And the fundamentals are more favorable than we saw a year or two ago. So when we put all that together we think P&I is going to be an incremental arrow up to brining our 5% to 7% growth -- bringing certainty to all of that. It feels better than it did a year ago.
Greg Gordon: Okay, thank you guys. I appreciate it. Have a good day.
Gerry Anderson: You as well.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michael Weinstein from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, actually it's [indiscernible] for Michael.
Gerry Anderson: All right, good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Just to go back on the pipeline segment. So good performance this quarter, and this first-half, but what should we think about -- it seems to be implying the lower second-half versus the first-half?
Jerry Norcia: Well, we've raised guidance in this sector, as Peter and Gerry had mentioned for the balance of the year, so we're not predicting a lower second-half.
Gerry Anderson: Yes, the second half is going to be strong just like the first half, which is why the guidance is up so strongly. And I mentioned the 40% growth rate year-over-year, some of that's taxes, but some of it is just fundamental volumes on our various platforms. So we expect a strong second half of the year as well.
Unidentified Analyst: So, so far is any one-time non-repeating items in this first-half?
Gerry Anderson: No.
Jerry Norcia: Yes, not in the Gas Storage & Pipelines there is no…
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Jerry Norcia: No, I would say the only one-time non-repeating item that I've mentioned is 40% growth. And I don't expect to see that repeat here.
Gerry Anderson: Yes, I mean as Gerry mentioned, yes, there was the tax change that you'll see, the one-year bump around the tax reform, a lower corporate rate.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, okay. Thank you very much.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Paul Ridzon: Good morning. Congratulations on the quarter, not so much the Tigers.
Peter Oleksiak: Cleveland is going well, so…
Paul Ridzon: Just to follow-up on that, I mean the first quarter you said the unregulated business were coming swinging and you pointed to the top end. And now with the second quarter under your belt you're actually raising guidance. Is there any conservatism built-in there for the second-half of the year?
Gerry Anderson: You mean do we have any contingency left?
Paul Ridzon: Yes.
Gerry Anderson: Yes, we have some room left if were to run into unfavorable weather or storms, et cetera, we could cover those.
Paul Ridzon: I was just -- at the unregulated businesses, I mean is there -- kind of how much more strength are you baking into the second-half of the year, and is there upside to that?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, Paul, this is Peter. In terms of the guidance for non-utility, no, we're feeling really good where we're at right now with our non-utilities segments. As Gerry mentioned, that we do have contingency still in our Utilities segment, depending on how weather plays out, we may have upside overall to guidance whether it'll be coming from out utilities segments.
Gerry Anderson: We mentioned the mix of weather in the second quarter, cold April you know, hot May, and so forth. But June was warm and so was July. July is playing out warm too. So from a weather standpoint it's been favorable. And that gives us some strength through weather in the utilities which covers some of the -- provides some of the contingency we're talking about. And then could be conceivably see a little more out of the non-utilities, we will just have to see how the year plays out possibly, but we're giving you the best guidance we can.
Paul Ridzon: Jerry, you mentioned as you look at some forecasts for the out years that some people are light. And of those issues is the utility forecast. Is there any aspect of that that you think might be missing? What are they missing?
Peter Oleksiak: In regards to the utility forecast, we despite the point of clarification post tax reform we think people may be a little bit light; earnings will be growing 1% faster than the rate base for both utilities. So that utility rate-based growth is 6% to 7% and earnings growth would be 7% to 8%. And for Gas Utilities our rate-based growth is 7% to 8%, so our earnings growth of about 8% to 9%. And that is because as we're giving back cash -- deferred cash to our customers we're replacing that with equity over this timeframe. So we believe that some people are missing the nuanced post-tax reforms as an increase of equity that's coming to both utilities which just provides earnings growth over and above rate base.
Gerry Anderson: So, capital is financed with more equity and less deferred tax in our base, so that's the effect Peter just mentioned. And then on top of that there are -- the renewables is an area where we're seeing customers reach out and working with large customers, and just wanting a higher percentage in their mix. So that's, I mentioned that is short of $500 million we think in the five-year plan for that and then the Gas main replacement program. So the combination of some additional important investments along with this shift in how the utility is financed is where we think the difference is.
Paul Ridzon: Where do you see the 2022 equity layers at the Electric & Gas utilities?
Peter Oleksiak: They are currently around 38% if you look at overall capital structure. So it will start bleeding in. We don't have to –- I don't really disclose the precise numbers, but I think it's really about $70 million a year that providing the fact the customers across both utilities. About 35 of that will be going at the both utilities. But there is a technique that probably gets into the more low 40s by the end of the year of the five-year period.
Paul Ridzon: Thank you very much.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold: Hey, good morning guys.
Gerry Anderson: Good morning.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: Quick question on -- so you talked about the IRM that you filed in the electric rate case and that it would help you to defer having to file annual cases. Can you go –- I mean how long do you think you would potentially go to stay out with that mechanism?
Peter Oleksiak: Well, we are targeting –- I think you'll see in our filings, we are targeting multiple years as an approach. But that's something to worked out with the commission staff and the commissioners over time here as to how long we could stay out. But we are looking for at least two years, and if things play out well, beyond that, but that's what in our current filings.
Gerry Anderson: So we have got in the IRM our new –- look if I step back in the IRM what we have been talking to the commission and commission staff about is elements of our capital that are driving rate increases that are totally predictable and agreed upon. So this gas plant, for example, we know the schedule. We know the gas, what the gas flow is going to be look like. So covering that in an IRM is something that could make sense. We have also been talking a lot about our long term distribution investment plan and trying to reach agreement with the commission and staff and what that should look like for customers. Once agreed upon, that's not something that needs to be a ongoing basis of re-discussion and rate cases, it just needs to be executed and reconciled. And so, we are trying to bring those sorts of items into the plan to focus rate cases on things that really are extraordinary. How are sales changing, how are cost changing and so forth. That needs to be done less frequently than every year. And so, I think the commission recognizes that and we do too. We have been clear with the commission that we think this IRM can reduce rate case frequency and that is our goal. We have also been clear that we can't promise some stay out period because you never know what happens in the world. So I think the understanding on our side and theirs is that the goal is reduce frequency without a specific locked in target is to what that means.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, great. And if I heard you correctly, you have been able to have sufficient dialog with the commission and staff that what you filed is it is likely to be aligned with something they would find acceptable?
Gerry Anderson: We had many rounds of dialog with them. So I can never kind of prejudge where the commissioner will land. That's their call. But we did try to take a process where we had many rounds of detailed discussion about what would make sense to them and what made sense to us and where our needs lie and so forth.
Jonathan Arnold: Great. Okay, and then just quickly on NEXUS you announced saying you expected to fill terms of contracts after it and just services, are you still saying the same as you were saying last quarter -- effectively or is –- yes, I think you were saying around the time it enters service. So I am just curious if that is a shift or not a shift?
Gerry Anderson: Jonathan, I would say that last quarter we were saying that we are holding on to capacity that we feel is really valuable in this basin as capacity becomes short in this basin -- in a growing –- very quickly growing basin. So we've got –- continue to have discussions with producers, detailed discussion for capacity commitments. And we are trying to maximize volume and term. And that we think this will play out once the pipe goes into construction and/or is in construction and goes in the service. So we have seen intensity of the discussions heat up as we predicted as we went into construction. And we look forward to concluding deals here as we go into service that gives us the pricing that we are looking for.
Jonathan Arnold: So would you expect that to happen in this calendar year?
Peter Oleksiak: So Jonathan, let me just add, not only answer that one is that I think we have been saying it for probably a couple years that the way these things play out is serious discussions happen once your pipe is in construction. And people believe that the know it's going to be there and it absolutely has played out. Our team is in deep discussions with multiple producers at a scale that is very significant. So that's promising. For a variety reasons, these deals are going to close after the pipe is in operation. And that's probably all I can say on that. But I think we will see deals closed not over a multiple years, but I think it's going to take months for what Gerry talked play outs will considerably see late 2018 into 2019 for these discussions to play out. And the reason is that people see the basin going short takeaway capacity in a couple of years. The writing is on the wall for that. And so as producers try to set up capital plans in 2019 and beyond, they can't –- that capital plans until they have got takeaway. And so that's what people are talking to us about. And as Gerry said we are going to make sure that we use what we think is really valuable resource in a basin that's going to go short in the best way for DTE and its partner.
Jonathan Arnold: Great, okay. Thank you. And then just quick your comments on equity, are those sort of –- do those encompass doing a linked sized acquisition? Or would that presumably change your comments on equity?
Gerry Anderson: That would change the comments that we did in the acquisition some of the link we will be issuing shares just for that project in itself. That project will support additional equity that we would be issuing.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And then just one other thing on the RNG projects, you talked quite a lot about that business here. If I am not wrong, that business kind of keys off of the RIN values in the RFS program. And I am just curious how you have long term visibility on the value on those contracts given that the program sunsets in 2022. And just if any further insight you can just sort of give us on how much term visibility you have on what the earnings are likely to be on these deals in the longer term? And maybe I am incorrect about some of that.
Gerry Anderson: Well some of the first deals that we did have long term up ticks. So that was very valuable to us. And there is an ability in the market to hedge some of these products that we are producing so that is one of the ways that we are going to manage cash flows going forward. But based on what we see and sort of the requirements that's been established by Congress for provision to provide these fuels, we see the market remaining short on supply and long on demand which we think will continue to put a lot of pressure on –- upward pressure on pricing, so again multiple strategies. One is long term upticks with counter parties, bilateral arrangements as well as hedging program that help secure cash flows in the future.
Peter Oleksiak: The other thing I would say is that the RIN program is one source. And the way that's not short. It's way short supply demand and has been consistently supported through congresses of every stripe and EPAs by the way of every stripe as well. So it seems we are durable program that has a provision that's just got a supply-demand gap that's not going to be closed anytime soon. But actually some of the deals are not driven by that market. That could be support market that is actually driven by state market. So for example, California has a market that wants to pull renewable gas in the transportation sector. And some our deals are directed at that market and its dynamics. And again, there are producers there who need to fulfill those obligations and where we are supplying gas to those counter parties.
Gerard Anderson: One of the added features that makes this market attractive for us is that as we look at IRRs and cash flows, the simple pay back is very fast. So exposure to market fluctuations has lessened the concern from an IRR perspective.
Jonathan Arnold: Sort of filing in the REF fall off perspective, I mean what is your visibility on the sort of post 2022 pricing on these deals?
Peter Oleksiak: I think -- first of all I think there are actually really good dynamics in terms of filing in those earnings because they are strong earnings and good returns. And I think that as Gerry has been implying we have got visibility through that period. Now could Congress change out in the late 2020s? I suppose, that's possible. But there is we have seen no sign of that. There's been very durable support in Congress for these sorts of provisions. But beyond that, I guess I would point you away from Congress to more some of the local markets that were supplying which have been if anything had the stronger and deeper into these sorts of provisions.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. So how long are the deals you have signed so far? Can you disclose that?
Gerard Anderson: Actually, we don't disclose deal-specific terms because we are negotiating other deals. So will probably keep those propriety. But we can give you a feel for how we view this business long term as we shed more light on it down the road.
Jonathan Arnold: Great. Thank you very much guys.
Gerard Anderson: You bet.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Andrew Weisel with Scotia Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Andrew Weisel: Thank you. Thanks for squeezing me in. Just a couple of quick ones on the utilities, first question as far as generation with the increased renewable spend, the new gas plant, is there any change you are thinking from a supply/demand perspective as far as generation needs over the next say five to 10 years, or with the incremental renewable come as a replacement for something else you have been thinking about whether existing or new?
Gerard Anderson: Well, I don't know if you noticed the discussion in the state on long term renewable that happened. So we had a ballot initiative emerged in the state. It was kind of push Michigan to a 30% renewable standard. I actually wasn't crazy about it because it was from someone outside the state. The state was very well aligned behind what was happening here. We actually had Republicans and Democrats and environmentalist and utilities on a common sheet, but what happened interestingly out of that whole discussion about the ballot initiative was an agreement that came out that targeted a 50% clean energy standard which is when you dig behind what that means it implied for us 25% renewable by 2030. And when you look beyond this current renewable plan that we said has some upside for customers that are requesting voluntary increases, we think it implies in the 2022 to 2030 period incremental investments in renewable to what we would add to some measure. And I think that one thing I would say is that as we continue to see renewable cost go down, I think those go hand in hand. So I would expect that renewable investments in the 2022 to 2030 period will probably surprise to the upside given trends and technologies and on the agreement that was just reached.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, thanks. Then on the IRP scheduling, you guys are going to be going next year whereas your neighbors are going this year. What in particular will be watching for to see how that process unfolds? And what you might be able to learn from them being the guinea pig so to speak?
Peter Oleksiak: Well, I think we will certainly watch it very closely I mean their proceeding. And we are looking to file in March and we filed a version of IRP under the old legislation as part of our CON filing. You know, it's a need filing for the new power plant that we are going to build. So we'll be updating it. I don't think they are -- we don't expect fundamental shifts in our plan. So I think you can rely on the current IRP that we filed as a projection into the future. We may update the renewable investments as we –- as Jerry mentioned as we start to think about how the next decade may evolve. But that will only likely mean a higher renewable content or business.
Gerard Anderson: And one of the things that I think people need to realize about us versus our neighbors is their starting points are different. So they have a much higher gas currently than we do. I think their mix is in the order of 30%, ours is much lower. So, our gas plant needs sense from that perspective. And then I think one of the things we will be watching is technologies above is the need for another gas plant in the late 2020s versus the ability to handle that via renewables, and time will tell on that, we will just have to see how both our load and technologies evolve, but that will be one of the things I'm sure that we evaluate in the IRP next year scenarios that evaluate both potential outcomes.
Andrew Weisel: That's helpful, and that certainly ties back to my first question as well. Lastly, just a quick one on NEXUS, you previous talked about waiting for talking on some of the expansions whether it's compression, looping, all the other good things that you have done at Bluestone and Millennium, should we still be thinking of those types of announcements is coming only after U.S. commitments in excess of the initial capacity?
Gerry Anderson: Yes, that's correct.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, thank you.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back to today's speakers for any closing or additional remarks.
Gerry Anderson: Well, again I want to thank everybody for joining the call. As I said at the beginning of the call, we had a great first-half of the year. And our increased guidance shows that. Second-half of the year as I mentioned, I think we are really well-positioned also. So I think you will see some really surprises, 2018 will be a strong year. I also feel really good about the position that we are in to continue the track record of delivering premium results that we have shown over the last 11 years. So we look forward to providing you with updates as we move through the year and as we move through our longer term plan. Thanks for joining. We look forward to talking to all of you soon.
Operator: This concludes today's presentation. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Tuckfield - DTE Energy Co. Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co. Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co. Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.
Analysts: Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research) Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners
Operator: Good day and welcome to the DTE Energy 2018 Q1 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Barbara Tuckfield. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Barbara Tuckfield - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you, Mindy, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone to read the Safe Harbor statement on page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix. With us this morning are Gerry Anderson, Chairman and CEO; Jerry Norcia, President and COO; and Peter Oleksiak, Senior Vice President and CFO. We also have members of the management team to call upon during the Q&A session. And now, I'll turn it over to Gerry to start the call.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: All right. Well, thank you, Barb, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. So, this morning I'm going to give you a recap of our performance for the first quarter of 2018, including an update on a couple of key developments and initiatives at the company. Then I'll hand it over to Peter, who will provide a detailed financial review of the quarter, and Jerry Norcia then will provide similar in-depth business updates. So, let me turn you to slide 5. So, top line we are off to a very good start to 2018 and with one quarter behind us, I am very confident that we will deliver on our financial plans this year. Longer term, we continue to target the 5% to 7% operating earnings per share growth rate through 2022 that we have discussed with you in recent years. And just as a reminder, 2018 guidance is the base for this growth rate. On the renewable energy front, we recently filed a plan with the Michigan Public Service Commission to significantly increase our renewable energy capacity over the next few years. And if approved, this will drive increased investment in new wind and solar projects and will double our current renewable energy capacity. I'll provide you with some more details on that plan in a few minutes. DTE Electric received its final rate order last week, and that order set our ROE at 10% versus 10.1% previously. And it maintained our debt equity mix at 50/50 versus our request, which was at 49/51. So, those two items combined with the O&M increase defined in the case mean that we're going to maintain our earnings guidance range for DTE Electric of $648 million to $662 million, but will be biased to the lower end of that range given the changes. That said, we continue to work very constructively with the Michigan Public Service Commission on a number of important issues. So, after months of collaborative work with the MPSC staff, in January we filed a comprehensive five-year plan for our distribution system. Additionally, we recently submitted our updated Renewable Energy Plan for the next five years and I feel we're well aligned with the MPSC in this area. And then, third our Certificate of Necessity or CON filing for our gas combined cycle plant will be finalized later this week, on Friday actually. And we expect a constructive outcome in that proceeding. We also have a rate case in motion for our gas utility. In this filing, we requested that the MPSC approve an increase to the number of miles of main that we renew on an annual basis, and we've had productive discussions with the staff on that issue. We expect to receive a final order in that case in September. Moving to the non-utility businesses. Our Gas Storage & Pipeline business is off to a very strong start to 2018. Our earnings in this business line are running hot, and we expect to be biased to the high-end of our earnings projections here. We're making significant progress on the NEXUS pipeline with several construction milestones achieved, and we do remain on track for in-service late in the third quarter of the year. Construction on both our Millennium CPV Lateral and the east side expansion are also going well, and we're still focused on in-service dates for those projects in the second half of the year. We also continue to be encouraged by the financial performance of our 2016 Link acquisition, and we can talk a bit more about that later. At our Power & Industrial business, earnings are also running hot this year. And as at GSP, we expect to be biased to the high-end of our earnings range in that business. P&I also continues to make really encouraging progress on its growth plan. We have several very promising development initiatives underway that Jerry Norcia will describe in greater detail a little later. So moving on now to slide 6. I think, you'll recall that just about a year ago we laid out our plan to transition to cleaner energy sources and to reduce our carbon emissions by over 80% by 2050. As I briefly mentioned earlier, we recently submitted our 2018 Renewable Energy Plan to the Michigan Public Service Commission. This plan proposes 1,000 megawatts of carbon-free electricity from new wind and solar projects in Michigan that would be completed by 2022. A portion of that capital investment is a pull ahead of capital that we had later in our long-term or 10-year plan. Michigan, as you know, is in the process of implementing the bipartisan legislation that was passed in 2016 to address the state's energy transition. And this renewable plan that we've submitted enables us to achieve the 15% renewable standard by 2021 that is laid out in that legislation. Also this plan is another significant step toward our carbon emission reduction goals, and those goals can be met in a way that continue to deliver reliable and affordable power for our customers as well. If approved, these renewable energy projects would drive an investment of more than $1.7 billion in Michigan and would double DTE Energy's renewable energy capacity. So to give you some specifics, we plan to bring the Pine River wind park online later this year and the Polaris wind park online in 2020. And together these two parks will total 330 megawatts of new capacity and will be DTE's largest and most efficient wind parks to date. We'll also be adding an additional 300 megawatts of new wind capacity in 2020 to supply a new voluntary renewable energy program targeted at our large business customers who are seeking to reduce carbon emissions. Then in 2021 and 2022, we will be adding two additional wind parks that will provide a combined 375 megawatts of capacity. Along with the increased wind capacity, we're also planning on adding 15 megawatts of solar power. So wind today is clearly lower cost than solar in Michigan, and thus we're really concentrated on wind capacity in the near-term. But solar costs are improving. And we expect that by the mid-2020s, solar will be ready to play a more prominent role in our mix. Of course, we will continue to add more renewable energy beyond the dates defined in the plan that we've submitted. DTE has already reduced its carbon emissions by over 25% over the last 10 years, and in the process has driven investments of about $2.5 billion in Michigan's renewable sector and has added 1,000 megawatts of wind and solar capacity. By 2023, when we play out the plan I just described, we expect our carbon emissions to be down 30% to 35%. It's interesting that that was the range that was laid out for us for 2030 in the Clean Power Plan. So we're going to be down significantly by the early 2020s. And then we plan to be down 45% by 2030 and 75% by 2040, as we continue to play out our transformation. With that said, before these goals are achievable and achievable in a way that'll maintain both reliability and customer affordability, and the 2050 timeframe and the 80% reduction that we're targeting align with what scientists broadly have identified as necessary to address climate change. So reducing our company's carbon emissions and developing cleaner sources of energy, as I think you can pick up, is a key strategic focus for us, and it will continue to be an important area of investment, as we transition our generation fleet. So with that, I'm going to turn things over to Peter Oleksiak to talk a bit more about our financial results.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Thanks, Gerry, and good morning, everyone. First, like to give a quick update on my rebuilding Detroit Tigers as we're finalizing the first full month of the season. Our Tigers are off to a slow start as anticipated, but are still within striking distance of first place and actually there were some pretty young prospects that looked promising. But unlike our Detroit Tigers, actually we got off to a really strong first quarter as you can see on slide 8. We had an operating earnings of $342 million or $1.91 per share. And for reference, our reported earnings were $361 million or $2 per share and you can find a breakdown of the EPS by segment including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. Let's touch on each segment in detail, starting at the top with our electric utility. DTE Electric earnings for the quarter were $142 million or $36 million higher than the first quarter of last year. This was driven by lower storm expense, a return to normal weather, and the implementation of new rates. There's a more detailed year-over-year earnings variance for DTE Electric, which can be found in the appendix. For DTE Gas segment, operating earnings were $111 million and were $4 million higher than last year. This increase was driven primarily by return to normal weather offset by higher O&M. For Gas Storage & Pipelines business, operating earnings were $62 million for the first quarter, or $17 million higher than last year. This increase was due to the lower tax rate, as well as increased gathering and transport volumes, mainly in the Bluestone area. Operating earnings for the Power & Industrial businesses were $42 million, or $12 million higher than 2017. And this is primarily due to higher REF volumes and higher steel related earnings, as well as the lower tax rate. As you know on our year-end call, we increased our EPS guidance by $0.10 per share due to tax reform, which is wholly tied to the non-utility businesses. And you're starting to see that play out here in the first quarter. Rounding out our growth segments in the first quarter is Corporate & Other, which is $32 million unfavorable compared to last year due to a smaller benefit of a stock compensation, a lower tax rate, as well as timing of taxes. Remember last year the first quarter was impacted favorably due to an accounting change related to the simplifying GAAP accounting for taxes on stock-based compensation, which is why we saw that large positive earnings number in the first quarter last year. We saw the benefit this year for accounting change, but it's much lower than last year. So, for the first quarter results are – for Corporate & Other are more in line with historical results. Energy Trading had operating earnings of $1 million in the first quarter, which is down $17 million from last year, driven by lower performance and accounting flow through in our power portfolio. During the quarter, we disclosed that earnings for Energy Trading were coming in lower than the first quarter last year. And we mentioned the potential for a modest accounting loss in the quarter, but after a solid performance in the power and gas portfolio in March, we finished the quarter strong with slightly positive earnings. And for the quarter, Energy trading contributed $8 million of economic income, so a good quarter economically. The appendix contains our standard Energy Trading reconciliations showing both economic and accounting performance. Overall, DTE earned $1.91 per share in the first quarter of 2018 or $0.12 more than last year. Let's move to our 2018 guidance slide, which is on page 9. I'll start with the top of the slide with DTE Electric. As Gerry mentioned we did receive a rate order at our electric company and earnings for this segment will be biased to the lower end of the range based on the factors he described earlier. We still have a lot of the year to play out including the summer weather, and we'll continue to update you on Electric earnings as the year progresses. For DTE Gas, we feel comfortable that we are on plan this year. We'll receive a decision on our current rate case at the end of the third quarter, and we feel good about the earnings projections for this segment. For our GSP and P&I segments, we increased the earnings guidance on the yearend call, and as was mentioned earlier these segments are seeing positive impacts of volume favorability. And as you can see by the indicating arrows, we expect to land at the higher end of guidance for both these segments, due mainly to these increased volumes. Energy Trading had $1 million of earnings in the first quarter. And we are comfortable with the $5 million to $20 million guidance range we have for this business. So, overall, we feel confident about achieving our operating EPS guidance of $5.57 to $5.99 for this year. Now, I'd like to turn over to Jerry Norcia to discuss our long-term growth.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you, Peter. I'll begin on slide 11. We continue to see growth in our utilities fueled by our investment in infrastructure and generation. As Gerry mentioned, we received our Electric rate order, this rate increase is more than offset by future rate reductions driven by tax reform, sort of allows DTE Electric to recover necessary investments to continue to increase reliability and improve customer satisfaction. Early this month, we had one of the worst ice storms the company has experienced in the last decade. The ice storm unfortunately left over 400,000 of our customers without power. That's nearly 20% of our electric customers, which tells you how significant this ice storm was. Utility really came together with 1,600 workers from DTE and five other states, and we worked round the clock to restore service to our customers. Restoration crews put up approximately 250 miles of new power lines; enough wire to reach from Detroit to Traverse City. This storm reinforced the need to harden our aging infrastructure. We're facing the same aging infrastructure challenges that many other utilities are experiencing. And in that regard, in January, we filed an updated five-year distribution plan. This plan provides a comprehensive description of our distribution investment and maintenance programs for the five-year period from 2018 to 2022. It includes details on the condition of the distribution system, cost benefit analysis concerning both capital and O&M, system maintenance and investment strategies that improve resiliency, mitigate the cost associated with inclement weather and, of course, all the associated performance metrics that come with those investments. We are focused on maintaining the existing distribution assets in a cost effective manner for decades and only expanding this, the system when it was needed to meet demand. However, many of these assets are reaching an age and condition that require them to be replaced in the coming years. The rebound in Michigan's economy and the revitalization of many of its businesses require that the infrastructure be upgraded to continue to serve customers in a reliable manner. In addition, as new technologies come to the energy sector, the grid must be upgraded and automated in a way that will enable us to operate more efficiently and reliably. Our distribution plan lays out the strategy for investing in a grid that will serve Michigan's residents and businesses for years to come. Now let's move on to our generation system. We filed Certificate of Necessity last year to build a natural gas-fired power plant. We expect an order from the Michigan Public Service Commission at the end of this week, on Friday as a matter of fact. The almost $1 billion project is scheduled to break ground in 2019, creating hundreds of Michigan jobs during construction. In this filing, DTE determined that building a natural gas-fired plant is the best solution for our customers due to many factors, including the environment, liability, and affordability. New plant will be a highly efficient plant, consuming less than 50% of the fuel per megawatt hour produced than coal plants. We are retiring and emitting nearly 70% less carbon, which is the equivalent of taking 1 million cars off the road. It also enables the build out of renewables providing 24/7 power when renewable energy is not available. Natural gas-fired plants will be a critical part of our power generation capacity in decades ahead. Long-term DTE plants produced over three quarters of its power from renewable energy and highly efficient natural gas-fired plants. New plant is scheduled to begin operation in 2022, offsetting some of the capacity that falls off when three of our coal-fired plants retire from service in 2020 to 2023 timeframe. Let me turn to DTE Gas. Our system has held up well with the cold snap here in April, but similar to the Electric system, we continue to need system hardening. As many of you know, we filed the general rate case in November of 2017, which included a proposal to increase the annual number of miles of main replacement. This proposal will allow the system to be hardened at a quicker pace and will significantly decrease O&M cost. As always, when considering the investment in system hardening, we are very focused on rate affordability for our customers. With the reduced rates from tax reform, we filed the plan with the MPSC to return the tax benefit to our customers; this would go a long way in mitigating the effects of the rate case and allows us to continue our focus on achieving our affordability goals. Now let's move on to slide 12 where I'll talk about our non-utility businesses. Our non-utility businesses continue to focus on growth projects. At GSP, we're making significant progress on NEXUS and are continuing work with producers and end-use customers on contracting open capacity on the pipe. We've invested over $700 million through March. Much of the grading of the compressor stations work is done, and we've started grading on the right-of-ways as well at all four spreads. Mainline and facilities construction is under way in Michigan and Ohio. And our goal remains to be at full capacity as the pipe goes in service later this year. Negotiations are continuing with large industrial customers, producers and LDCs. And as we finalize these deals, we will announce them. Along with NEXUS, Link is continuing to progress with its plan. In other areas of the GSP business, Millennium CPV Lateral, and east side expansion are under construction, and as Gerry mentioned, they'll come online in the second half of the year. In the year-end call, we told you that our non-utility businesses are clear winners with tax reform and that we would update the 2022 targets for these businesses. We are increasing the 2022 operating earnings of GSP by $35 million to a range of $280 million to $290 million. Our capital investment has not changed; it remains at $2.8 billion to $3.4 billion for the 2018 to 2022 time period. Now switching over to our P&I business. Since our year-end call, things have heated up in our discussions with one of the CHP deals combining heat and power deals that we are working on, and we are in the beginning stages of the construction for the combined heat and power plant at the Ford Motor Company complex. We're also finalizing one of the RNG project agreements we mentioned on the year-end call. These projects are progressing, but due to competitive reasons, we will not be sharing details on these until the ink is dry on these agreements. These longer-term agreements will replace a portion of the REF earnings that roll off in 2020 and 2022. Our 2022 plan calls for P&I to produce earnings of $70 million. To achieve that, they need to originate $45 million of new growth by 2022. $15 million or one-third of that growth was originated last year. We feel like we have a very strong line of sight on the next $15 million this year, with the projects that I mentioned that are in late stage discussions. So, we could be at two-thirds done by year-end with four years to go. We're also making meaningful progress on additional combined heat and power and RNG projects. We mentioned we have an experienced business development group focused on driving these projects to completion, as well as pursuing additional projects that we see as good opportunities for us. Like GSP, P&I will also benefit from tax reform, and we are increasing the operating earnings by $5 million with a target of $65 million to $75 million by 2022. And capital investment from 2018 to 2022 will remain unchanged at a range of $0.8 billion to $1.2 billion. Now I'll wrap up on slide 13. We delivered solid first quarter results and remain confident we will achieve our 2018 operating EPS guidance. Our utilities continue to focus on necessary infrastructure investments that improve reliability and the customer experience. With additional expansions and business development, we continue the sustainable growth at the non-utilities. Finally, I'm confident that we are on track to deliver strong EPS and dividend growth that drive premium total shareholder return. And with that, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. So, Mindy, can you open the line for questions?
Operator: Thank you. We'll go first to Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, good morning.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Morning, Michael.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey, could you discuss the contracting for the remaining one-third of NEXUS, and what – specifically I understand it's going to be mostly producer push at this point. And I'm wondering what is the demand from producers that you're seeing out there and – for capacity? And also what your expectations are for length of term and that kind of thing?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: We're targeting producers. The discussions are underway, negotiations with producers, LDCs and industrial customers, and we are targeting long-term agreements, 15-year agreements.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Are you seeing adequate demand out there to fill the pipe by the completion of construction?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Yes, we are.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: We just need to get ink on paper at this point.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got you. And how are those negotiations progressing, is there any constraint around them? Yeah.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: They're progressing well, of course, lots of negotiations back and forth, as you can imagine. And we are positioned as one of the pipes that does have capacity to bring to the market quickly. So we feel confident that we'll start closing deals here.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. And what kind of a timeline do you see for maybe introducing solar into the mix at the utility?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: So we already have introduced solar. In fact, last year we brought online a 50 megawatt, 250 acre solar project, so that was a relatively big one for us. We did it now to push our self down that path. But when we do the numbers, it's pretty clear that wind today is a superior resource in terms of pricing. So as I said on the call, we're going to lean on wind as long as that difference is there. But we continue like a lot of people to see solar cost trend down. And I do think probably by the mid-2020s or so, it's going to be ready for a larger share of our renewable mix. So as we think about Renewable Energy Plans beyond the one we just filed, we'll probably see some of that mix begin to shift. Does that hit the answer on that one?
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah. I was just wondering about what kind of timing you're seeing on when those prices actually cross the threshold and become competitive with the wind that you already have in there?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Mid-2020s is what it looks like.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: So – and by that time, we will have a pretty large installed base of wind in Michigan. So I think some diversification will be helpful as well. So that explains our thinking.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And one...
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: We want a diverse mix of renewables, but we also want to strike where the price is right, so we're going to wait a bit on large scale investments in solar. So we'll continue to add at sites like the one we described earlier, the 15 megawatts, and the 50 megawatt site that we did, but we're investing in wind in the 1,000 megawatt sort of scale. That will come for solar a bit later.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And just one last question on this. Could you like maybe break out the percentage of how much you expect to add through with the C&I offerings that you're giving, and then how much will be utility scale going forward?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: You're talking about the voluntary offering?
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Right.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: So, that – we've set aside 300 megawatts for that. I'd say that's hopefully a starting investment because we are seeing some of our large customers come to us and request the ability to increase the renewable mix in their portfolio. So you've seen customers like GM, for example, say that they want to be 100% renewables by 2050. Well, they're getting started on those sorts of things, as are other large industrial and commercial customers. So, we're going to set aside 300 megawatts, so that would be 300 megawatts out of a total of 2,000 megawatts by the time we're done with this round. So, you can get a sense for how much that is, but our expectation would be that we'll continue to see demand for that. And as we do we'll push that into our mix.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: All right. Thank you.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Hi Julien.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Hi Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. So, I was wondering can we get a little bit more clarity on the tax reform benefits at the two segments here, just the $35 million and the $5 million at GSP and P&I. I suppose maybe naively, how has tax reform discussion evolved such that you get such material benefit from these two in 2022? And I've got a follow-up.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: We disclosed on the year-end call that the existing contracts we will get the benefit, so what you're seeing there, an increase of the existing contracts we have in place today. What we've assumed is that new contracts we will pass that on, but we may potentially share in that and that could potentially help close up that white space gap, but mainly it's the new contracts that you're seeing the increase from.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And so, actually that plays right into the follow up here. With respect to NEXUS, not to harp on it too much, but it does – this reflect higher kind of structural applications on that project. I presume that's probably the bulk of the new contracts that you're contemplating in GSP.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: On NEXUS, the tax reform doesn't have any impact on our ability to capture the value that we forecasted because our recourse rates will be well above our negotiated rates.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right. So, that's not impacting those negotiations at all, right. And again, just to say it even more bluntly, the impact from the FERC ruling altogether is very immaterial?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Very modest, because most of our pipes are operating with negotiated rates and we – on our last call, we said that the impact is about $1 million to $2 million from the FERC actions.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right. Exactly. But if I can go back to this producer push subject because – if you could elaborate a little bit about the incremental investment, maybe on the gathering side and the other midstream investments to bring the product to NEXUS, how do you think about that in the context of the statement about continuing to add investments in Link? Are there other type systems that you're looking at whether organically or inorganically to complement the NEXUS expansion?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Where we're seeing most of our action right now is on Bluestone and Link, the two gathering assets that we own today. And as it relates to NEXUS, there are many, I would say late stage discussions about continuing to expand that system with our producers on that system. So, it's a very attractive system and it's got a very attractive resource. So, more to come there, but we're feeling really confident right now about meeting and exceeding our pro forma on that asset. And as you know, that asset is pointed right at NEXUS. So, we expect that in the future, those'll help support the fill and expansion of NEXUS.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: When you say that asset, he's talking about Link...
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Yes.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: ...which – the activity about Link, around Link has been really encouraging, and as we bought that I guess, late 2016. So, we're a year and a half in and in a year and a half in, we continue to be very encouraged by the economics therein by our investment opportunities. So, it's been a good asset.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: (00:31:20).
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: But, you're still on track with the targets you had laid out for Link at the time of the acquisition now?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yes, indeed.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Excellent. All right, guys. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: We'll go next to Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Good morning, guys.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Morning, Shar.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Let me just follow up real quick one more time on Michael's question on NEXUS. Thought we would have an update on this call with at least one of the two industrial customers that you were working with. I felt one was nearly finalized. So, what's the status on those two customers that you've flagged before in the past? And then, just curious can these two customers provide enough end market demand to finally fill this pipe with E&P signing on to these supposedly two markets – new markets?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: For the one industrial customer, it's essentially done. Second, we're still negotiating with to complete producer agreements. Again, we're continuing to exchange proposals. So, those discussions continue. And we also have several LDC discussions well underway. And – so, that's the current status.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Curious why you're not disclosing the one industrial customer that's been finalized?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: I think we've – have the ability at this point to disclose, but...
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: No, it's under confidentiality agreement.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: So, we can't disclose them.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then, just looking at additional Link type investments and sticking with midstream here, the recent sort of what "the meltdown" you've seeing with MLPs, I know you guys vetted Links for a long time before purchasing that investment. Have you seen additional Link type opportunities, especially given the recent – I guess for a quarter and what you've seen in the MLP markets? Are you seeing more willing sellers of assets that you would, I guess, want to vet?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: I think the short answer is, yes, we are seeing more of those. Like Link, we'll take a long hard look. I think the more we hear, the more we believe that there will – this isn't going to be a short term phenomenon. Some of these companies are going to need to work through this over the foreseeable future. So, we will look at and evaluate opportunities analogous to Link and if we think we find one that's a good strategic fit, makes sense economically we'd be open to that.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay, got it. And just, lastly, on distribution. So far, can you maybe just update how the dialog is going? And then, just more importantly with the track or a rider request, how should we sort of think about what the podium would be for that ask?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: I can tell you that the engagement level between our team and the Michigan Public Service Commission team, staff team is very high. We've got multiple discussions that are scheduled and happening between now and the time of our next rate case filing. And the goal is to get alignment on investment and distribution, as well as other items in our capital plan that could result in a capital tracker. So, lots of interest in that from both parties, both from the Commission staff and our team, and we're hopeful that we can get to a strong alignment that we can file in our next rate case.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Excellent. Thanks so much guys.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Praful Mehta with Citibank.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, thanks so much. So, the first question just on the utility side. It was helpful to get your tax reform impact for the GSP and P&I. But on the utility side, wanted to understand from a tax reform perspective, especially given post the rate case, how do you see the growth rates that those two businesses individually play out through that 2021/2022, and how does that fit with the overall growth rate for the business?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. This is Peter. The growth rate we will be funding is – at the end of the year, we're going to have a case around the deferred tax. It's approximately $1.7 billion; we're going to be giving that over 25 years, about $70 million a year. So, as we're funding that piece, in particular we're going to be replacing that half of that with equity. So, we are going to be seeing equity levels increase in both utilities and its worth about a 1% over and above rate base. So, we are anticipating earnings growth happening on the utilities from tax reform.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. So, that should be – just to be clear that should be over and above just the rate base impact because the deferred tax refund effectively flows through as higher equity in your calculation?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: That is correct. It's about 1% adder on the rate base growth.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. Perfect. And then, secondly, just strategically, given most of tax reform impacts are now kind of built-in and you're looking at I guess enough questions on the NEXUS and in the midstream side, but just strategically for your business, is there more discussion ongoing in the industry in general now on M&A, both corporate M&A, both on the buy and sell side? How do you see that playing out and is that dialogue increasing given tax reforms now kind of in the rear view?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Oh, geez, that's – so, we like everybody has – have investment bankers who come through, and I don't know that I've had too many times when I haven't been told that the interest in the industry and M&A was high. But, I do think there are parties out there looking around. We saw one play out just the other day was Spectra. And I think there is ongoing interest, but I don't understand – I don't sense that tax reform has unleashed a wave that's fundamentally different if that's what you're asking. I think we continue to see the sort of ongoing interest that consolidation of this industry has witnessed for a long time now.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Fair enough. I totally get the investment banker point, but just to clarify it's not like credit weakness for some companies would be an opportunity for others in terms of M&A as you see it?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Well, I – actually one of the folks I talked to recently, I think stated it well as an investor not a banker, and he said, look, strengthen your balance sheet is really option value, it gives you the opportunity when good opportunities arise to strike, and when you spend that balance sheet flexibility, you've lost your option value. I think there were companies who spent their option value on what we view as some – not so accretive transactions. And – so, I think there are companies who didn't do that, who probably have greater flexibility if they see something come along that they really like. And so, we continue to look to the earlier question at potential GSP sorts of acquisitions. But, if – we've always said, if the right corporate transaction came along that we really thought added value, we'd be open to it. But, we aren't going to be involved in a high premium sort of transaction, we just don't see the value in super high premium deals that don't make sense to us. So open, but we'd do them at the right price with the right counterparty.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. Super helpful, guys. Thanks.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Just one on wind projects. Could you give us a flavor of the nature of the projects you have in the plan or the sites that you've been developing yourselves. Are they coming early or late stage from developers, are you going to do BOT or can build them yourselves, just a little more sense of kind of how that plays out.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: They're mix of both, Julien (sic) [Jonathan] (00:39:50). So, in some cases people had lined up lease rights and we have entered the build out and transfer. In other cases we did that ourselves, and will simply sign a construction agreement and then do the build out by DTE.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So would you say it's sort of an even split or...
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: I probably ought to go back and get the numbers before I answer, Jonathan, to give you a split. Maybe Barb could do that with you after this.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Okay. That's fine. And then looking further out in the utility, you're obviously close to the decision on the gas plant. How far out would you see your next gas plant being, given some of the comments around renewables and gas in the longer term future?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: So we don't see a need for another gas plant till the end of the 2020s. We'd have our next major coal retirement in the late 2020s. That's when we'd evaluate the need for the next gas plant. I think one of the things we'll watch over the next decade is how the overall system around us evolves, as we add more and more renewables and our neighboring companies do the same, we have to watch how the MISO grid evolves. And we may find we need the new gas plant out in the 2030 timeframe. We may find that investments in renewables will cover us and provide the reliability. So I think the answer is we will see. But in the meantime, we're – between now and the late 2020s, the real focus will be on renewable additions.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you, Gerry. And could I just on your comments about the rate case order and skewing you towards the lower end, is that a – do you see that as a 2018 guidance factor? And you'd hope to sort of get back on trajectory, given it's your largest segment beyond or...
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: I think the easy way to say it is that we're not modifying our 5% to 7% growth target for the company. So I think in that sense that, yes, we expect our plan to be on track.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And is – okay. I think I have said enough, Gerry. Thank you.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you. Gerry, could you just – I think there might be some confusion based on some things I've seen. You did not lower consolidated guidance to the lower end of the range, just the Electric segment. And then...
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: ...what was your commentary on the other segment?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Oh, yeah, exactly. The Electric segment, we biased towards the low end of the guidance range. The gas utility is doing fine I think in a lot of places. The weather started a little mixed but has actually finished strong here in April. So the gas utility from a weather perspective is in good shape. And as I said, the two large non-utility segments are running hot to their plan. So the year looks in really good shape.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks for that clarification.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: So unless we get surprised by something we don't see, should be a good year. I think we're in good shape.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks, again.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah.
Operator: We'll go next to Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi, good morning. So just on the rate order, as you mentioned you'll be back on track after this year maybe. But just what are the types of costs being disallowed? And just is this something that we need to worry about in future cases?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah, Steve, this is Peter. One of the costs that was disallowed was a part of our incentive plans with some financial measures. We've had this in the past. So that wasn't completely unanticipated. The other was inflation. We had some inflation in the plan, and then they modified the level of inflation that we had in the plan.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And so is that, but – okay. So basically the reason you might be at the lower end is just that inflation may end up being higher than what they allowed, so to speak?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. We had a little bit more of that – we had the 10.1% and more inflation.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: And then a little on the ROE. Okay.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: The ROE and that were built into our numbers for the year, so it backed us up a bit. But as we said the overall plan looks fine.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then the renewables program that you announced more specifics, is that – how much of that is additive to your capital plan if at all? Or is it all already in there?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: So the 300 megawatts that I mentioned pulling, that was the pull forward and that's a nice investment. But I guess I'd say that we aren't modifying our 2022 guidance due to that pull ahead. So it's additional investment, but when you look at it in the total scheme of the company I think the guidance we put out there for 2022, we will just stand with.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then just on the mid-stream side, more high level, again, the – someone asked before about just the unrest in the sector and maybe created more opportunities. Could you talk a little bit about how size-wise you're willing to kind of make this business as a mix of the whole company? And we assume if you do acquisitions, they'd be more kind of asset-by-asset as opposed to larger kind of company-sized acquisitions?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah, I think that's a fair characterization, Steve, that they'd be asset-by-asset. We often find that we're able to get a better strategic fit, and therefore, create economics we like when we do it that way. But I'd also say that we stay in very active discussions with our investors on mix and the mix that they like. And I think the feel we have from our investors is that this GSP segment provides the company nice earnings growth profile. But we also know that it could become too large if we pursued investments too fast .So, we're trying to walk the mix line in a way that really works well for investors and for rating agencies by the way. We're well within the boundaries for them too. But I think if you did a large corporate acquisition, it could shift that equation for our investors and potentially for the agencies. So, does that get added, Steve, or give you sense of things?
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: No, that's very helpful. One last very quick clarification, the 2022 guidance updates for the GSP and REF, is that just for the tax changes no other changes in the outlook out there?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah, that's what that was for. Yeah.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you. Appreciate it, Steve.
Operator: We'll go next to Charles Fishman with Morningstar Securities.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Just one question I had. On the doubling of the renewable and specifically the wind, I would assume there may be some transmission involved in that. I realize you sold your transmission, gosh, a long time ago. Are you depending on – is there a significant amount of transmission involved or are you depending on somebody else to build that? Is there any risk to that 2022 target date or non-issue?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: No, we had a significant transmission build out in what they call the thumb part of Michigan, where most of our early wind investments came. But in Central Michigan where we are moving now with many of these investments, there doesn't appear to need to be material transmission build out, so we don't see that as a factor in timing.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay. That's all I had, Gerry. Thank you.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: All right. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Andy Levi with Avon Capital Advisors.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Hi, good morning, guys.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning, Andy.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning, Andy.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Just a couple of quick questions. Just on the Electric side. Was there a refund in the first quarter, the true up for the rate case because you were collecting I guess since November 1?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. There was not a refund. How we're going to get this back to customers will come in three parts. The current rates will be adjusted most likely for both utilities by early fall.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: He's talking about the rate case refund...
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Yeah, the rate case. Yes.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Oh, the rate case – the rate case refund.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. Yeah.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: So, the rate case refund, there will be self-implementation proceeding, which is normal course. So, we'll be probably having that over the next probably few months.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Was that in the first quarter? Did you adjust the first quarter for the refund?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Yes, we did.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Or no? Okay. How much was that?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: We adjusted for the level of the rate case, the rate order.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Is that what like $0.11 a share or something like that or?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: We did have a certain amount of the self-implementation, plus a little bit of a reserve on top of that. So, it wasn't that material.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Can you tell us what that number was?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: The total impact or the reserve?
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: No, just the total impact of – so the first – in the first quarter, the total impact of the rate refund. So, it's kind of like a one-time item, right?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. So, we were...
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: I'm getting...
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: And it's part of your operating earnings, I understand that, but I'm just also suggesting that's maybe part of the reason why you're at the (00:49:48)...
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: The full first quarter was trued up. So, it really wasn't a refund in the first quarter, the full – it was trued up to the levels of the rate case, we did have some self-implementation early – late last year that was trued up as well in the first quarter, which is very immaterial.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Okay.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Just to put...
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: I understand.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Just to put a number on it, net of reserve was $10 million after tax is a rate case impact.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. Positive.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Okay, okay. And then I guess, maybe $0.11 is versus the $1.25 if you had it, okay. And then, is that part of the reason why you're at the low end because of the refund or is it just the lower revenue amount from the rate case in general?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Look, it's all taken together. All impacts, so we have the earnings range for Electric that we had communicated and not unexpectedly if our ROE gets pushed down a tenth and the couple of the other things that were pushed back in the range a little bit.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Okay.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: So...
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: And then, sorry, go ahead.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: No, as I say, I don't want to overblow it. We had rate cases play out over time through the years, and we've got lot of other things in the mix, but that is as described, and that said, we're going to play out in the earnings range that we laid out there. And for the company I think, it's going to be a very positive year.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: As it is always for you guys. And then, just on NEXUS. Can you give us on an annual basis, once it's in service, any type of guidance or high-level of thinking on what come in the first year out, what the annual earnings may be from NEXUS? And then, also whether you project financed it at all?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: No. We haven't project financed it. That's always an option down the road if we wanted to do that and our partners wanted to. And I think you know we've generally concluded it's not in our interest to break out earnings kind of line-by-line project-by-project just because we have lots of counterparties to each project and lots of interest in when a deal is signed, what did that do to your profitability on this project. And so, we're trying to balance our need to interact with counterparties with. I need to give you good information, but that's led us to give you guidance at the segment level, but not do it in detail pipe-by-pipe.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Okay. I mean, that's – $1.3 billion is the investment. And I guess, maybe at the very least we can assume kind of a utility return and then kind of go from there once it's full?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: I think our history with these sorts of pipes is at minimum we want to get in at our cost of capital, right. And then we push from there and our history has been that the pipes end up with returns well above utility returns as you expand them and add compression, and so on and so forth, which is why we like these investments, they've proven to be really good value creators.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Okay. And I assume NEXUS will be similar?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: I think NEXUS; NEXUS has that same feel. So, let me – I'll just go to Link, Link is a little further along because it was constructed when we bought it, but it was still a young pipe. But we went through it fundamentally, because the geology that it accessed was superb, that's playing out. We've had a couple of the producers and to be honest, it's always hard when you're dealing with really good geography to figure out who it is, that's going to be pushing it hard, but we've got a couple of producers there that are just going after it, and it is accruing to our benefit. So, somebody asked earlier, how you're feeling about Link, we're feeling really good there. And we're at and beyond pro forma and they've got that firming up now years out ahead of us. So, that's been a real positive. NEXUS is earlier, but it also accesses superb geology, and I think we're going to see driller's go after that hard. In a gas environment that's long generally in the country meaning, we aren't going to be short gas, as far as anybody can tell. Drillers double down on their best geology and that's what we're seeing at Link, that's what we're seeing at Bluestone, and I think it's what we're going to see around NEXUS. They're going to concentrate their drilling in those really good geologies. And so, that's happening around NEXUS, but obviously it's earlier, but we are hearing chatter now that you get out a few years and in the drillers they're worried about pipe takeaway in the region that NEXUS access being constrained because their own drill plans there, and what they perceive other people's drill plans to be. So, it feels like the dynamics are set up in a similar way, we're just earlier with NEXUS than we are with certainly with Bluestone and also with Link.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Okay. And no MLP, right Gerry.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Not at this time.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Okay.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: I think we'll hold on that one.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Yes. That was a good decision years ago. So, anyway thank you very much. Have a great rest of your day.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you, I appreciate it.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Yeah.
Operator: And that is all the time we have for questions today. I'll turn the conference back to Gerry Anderson for any additional or closing remarks.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: No, I'll just wrap up by thanking you all for being on the call. I do feel that as I said at the outset, we're off one quarter into a really good start in the year. And we look forward to being able to update you again down the road here. So, appreciate it. We'll talk soon.
Operator: This does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-16 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Gerry Anderson - Chairman and CEO Jerry Norcia - President and COO Peter Oleksiak - SVP and CFO Barbara Tuckfield - IR
Analysts: Josephine Moore - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research Charles Fishman - Morningstar
Operator: Good day and welcome to the DTE Energy Year End 2017 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Barbara Tuckfield. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Barbara Tuckfield: Thank you, Alicia, and good morning everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone to read the Safe Harbor statement on page two of the presentation. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix of today's presentation. With us are Gerry Anderson, Chairman and CEO; Jerry Norcia, President and COO; and Peter Oleksiak, Senior Vice President and CFO. We also have members of the management team to call on during the Q&A. Now I'll turn the call over to Gerry.
Gerry Anderson: All right. Well thank you, Barb, and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us. So this morning, I am going to give you a quick recap of our performance in 2017, as well as an updated preview of our performance in 2018, updated versus EEI last year. I will also describe how tax reform impacts DTE and our customers, and then I will turn it over to Peter, who will review our financial highlights and provide a bit more detail on the impact of tax reform on our 2018 guidance, and then finally, Jerry Norcia will provide an update on our long term growth plan, and he will wrap things up before Q&A. So we have a lot to be proud of, as we look back on 2017, not only financially, but on many other fronts as well; and as I think will become clear to you, my confidence is high that we are very well positioned for success in 2018. So I will start with a quick recap of our accomplishments in 2017, beginning on slide 5. I think that those of you who have talked with me over the years, know that I strongly believe that the company's success is ultimately determined by the strength of its culture. Well, the culture at DTE is very healthy, and that bodes well for the future. In 2017, our employee engagement was in the top 4% of Gallup's worldwide database, and that's the highest employee engagement score we have ever achieved in our 20 years of tracking engagement here at the company through Gallup. Early in 2017 we earned our fifth consecutive Gallup Great Workplace Award. We remain the only utility ever to receive it, and we hope we are positioned to receive our sixth consecutive award, early this year. We also hit one of the safest years in the company's history. We received the American Gas Association Safety Achievement Award for the second year in a row. Safety is a priority for obvious reasons, but it's also a great indicator of your employee's level of focus and their discipline. We produced some very strong results for our customers in 2017 as well. Both, our Electric and Gas companies were ranked highest in customer satisfaction with business customers in the Midwest, in JD Power's 2017 study. This is the first time in our history that we have held down two JD Power number one trophies simultaneously. Additionally, we ranked second in overall satisfaction with Electric and Gas residential customers in the Midwest, and our combined ranking of number one, one, two, two is the best overall customer satisfaction outcome in DTE's history. We continue to target improvements in these results, in the customer satisfaction results, and as we have said before, biggest lever for achieving those improvements remains modernizing our grid and improving Electric liability. And with that in mind, we have made significant investments in recent years, including last year, to improve reliability, and we really feel those investments are paying off. And during 2017, our grid reliability was tested by the most damaging windstorm in our history, with near hurricane force winds gusting to 70 miles an hour, leaving nearly 40% of our Electric customers without Power. And during a massive restoration effort, we restored about 70% of our customers in two days and over 95% in four days, and that storm restoration effort earned us EEI's Emergency Recovery Award. And as I look back on last year, this storm restoration effort is one of the things of which I am proudest. I think you know, that historic storms can bring companies in our industry to their knees, and put them in the penalty box with regulators and customers, and we had the opposite experience last year. We achieved the highest customer satisfaction ratings in our history, in the wake of this event, and that is the product of tireless effort of our employees to restore our communities as quickly as possible. Storm was also a testament to our continuous improvement practices. We have put a lot of effort into revamping our storm restoration processes, and it made a difference. We are focusing those same CI disciplines and productivity and cost containment and efficiency, and the results of those efforts is our ability to have O&M growth, that is among the lowest in the industry, which is helping to keep customer bills at levels that work. I'm also proud, moving on to slide 6, of our efforts to be a force for growth in the communities we serve. So these efforts earned us the number one ranking in the Midwest for corporate citizenship by JD Power, and we are making significant investments in Michigan. We spent $1.7 billion with Michigan based companies in 2017, which exceeded our commitment to the pure Michigan business connect, local supplier initiative. You know, as I look back to 2010 when we started all of this, we were spending less than $0.5 billion a year with Michigan suppliers. So it has been a great effort, and our seven year effort to increase spending with those suppliers has created nearly 16,000 jobs in our state. We also announced a broad sustainability initiative in 2017, that will reduce the company's carbon emissions by more than 80% by 2015, setting in the process, the long term strategic direction for our Power generation fleet, and providing leadership on what I consider to be a vital public policy issue. But we have always said that if you serve your customers well and if you manage our costs and rates well, and if you are a positive force in your community, your odds of having constructive regulation are a lot higher, and Michigan's regulatory environment continues to be constructive. That said, I will say our commission has a lot on its plate right now. In 2017, Michigan began implementing the energy legislation that passed in 2016, which has significantly added to the workload of our commission. It has essentially added a second job on top of the many cases and issues that they normally work through, and our job is to keep working constructively with them to define group policy outcomes for Michigan. And in that vein, in 2018, we have a few key priorities on the regulatory front; the first is working through how our customers will get a break on their bills from tax reform, which will provide a significant boost to our efforts to maintain customer affordability, as we continue to invest heavily in modernizing ageing infrastructure. Those tax reductions to bills are priority one. The second, is that we need to finalize the certificate and necessity for our 1,100 megawatt new combined cycle plant. So this plant, along with our renewable Power investments is the way that we will backfill the retirement of three end-of-life coal plants, totaling over 2,000 megawatts, that will come offline in the early 2020s. And this Gas plant is also an essential step in the carbon reduction plan that I just mentioned a minute ago. And then finally, we need to achieve reasonable rate case outcomes. Outcomes that allow us to continue to upgrade and modernize our infrastructure and invest in the cleaner generation I have just described and improve reliability for our customers. So I know you all follow our rate case proceedings closely, and as is often the case, there are other filed positions out there, but we do remain confident that we are in a position to get good constructive outcomes in these cases that are consistent with our plan. Now moving on to growth and value creation; as I already mentioned, we continued to invest in renewing our utility infrastructure in 2017, and that will continue this year. Our non-utility businesses had a number of big wins in 2017. So on our Gas, Storage, and Pipelines business, our Bluestone pipeline achieved a 1 BCF per day delivery milestone, with additional expansions on the horizon. We made significant progress on the Nexus pipeline and it's construction, and we remain on track for in-service late in the third quarter this year. We also initiated three new projects in our Power and Industrial business, including a sizable energy service project with Ford Motor Company, where we will build on and operate a host of advanced energy systems to Power Ford's research and engineering center, helping them to achieve a nearly 50% energy use reduction. Power and Industrial also closed two RNG or renewable natural gas acquisitions in 2017, which will produce renewable gas to be used in vehicle fleets to meet carbon reduction goals. In 2018 at P&I, we have a number of promising initiatives underway, and the same is true for GSP and Jerry will touch on those a bit more later. So now let's turn over to slide 7 to talk about our 2017 financial results, and our guidance for 2018. So operating earnings per share in 2017 were $5.59, marking the ninth consecutive year that we have exceeded our original guidance. And for the first time in company history, we exceeded $1 billion in operating earnings. In 2018, tax reform is allowing us to reduce customer rates, which I will detail a bit further in a minute. Tax reform will also benefit our shareholders. So we have increased our 2018 guidance by $0.10 per share versus the EPS guidance that we provided at the EEI conference last November. This increased guidance to $5.78 is also the new base for our 5% to 7% earnings per share growth projections, and it is a 9% increase from the original 2017 EPS guidance that we provided a year ago. So we will provide additional color on how the tax bills affect individual business units down the road. But that said, the $0.10 per share increase in our guidance is wholly tied to the non-utility businesses in the early years of the plan. The utilities will begin to contribute to the increase in the latter part of the five year plan, as the rate base funding of the utilities transitions from deferred taxes to a higher mix of equity and debt. And so in the latter portion of our five year plan, EPS accretion from tax reform [indiscernible] actually grows to -- in the range of $0.13 per share. Then finally as we mentioned, at EEI, we will continue to target dividend increases of 7% through 2020, and the goal there is to get our payout ratio in line with our peer average, and then we will continue to grow dividends in line with earnings after that. So before I talk about the impacts of tax reform further, I want to highlight our efforts to maintain customer affordability, and I do that on slide 8. So as mentioned earlier, we are well positioned among our peers in our cost control efforts, and this is evidenced by our ability to continue to lower customer bills and business rates over the past five years. So average annual residential Electric bills have decreased by 5% over the last five years. Gas bills, down 9% over the same period. Industrial Electric rates have declined by 14% through 2017, while Gas rates have decreased by 17%. So we have used our CI disciplines to drive these productivity increases, but we are also increasingly doing this work through technology deployment and the modernization of aging infrastructure, and then add into those, declining Gas prices have certainly helped on the affordability front as well. So this focus, along with substantial savings from tax reform that will accrue to customers, will go a long way toward maintaining the customer affordability we want.  And speaking of tax reform, I am going to move on to slide 9, to provide a little more color on that topic. So plain and simple, tax reform is good for our customers and good for our shareholders. So let me frame up how it affects each. First, this is a good thing for our utility customers. We plan to pass $190 million in savings on to our customers, tied to the reduction in current tax expense, and then additionally, we anticipate refunding on the order of $70 million annually, as a result of the remeasurement of deferred taxes at the two utilities in future rate proceedings. We are working closely with our regulators right now to determine how we will flow these tax savings back to our customers. So the second point I will make in tax reform, is that it is good for our shareholders. As I mentioned earlier, it's $0.10 accretive, beginning immediately in 2018 and our 5% to 7% growth builds from this higher 2018 guidance. Operating earnings grow at our utilities over time. For our non-utility businesses, the tax benefit will accrue immediately to us on existing contracts, and I might mention, that our existing contracts at GSP have very little exposure to lower FERC recourse rates, the exposure is on the order of $1 million, maybe $2 million. With respect to future non-utility business contracts, every project and every negotiation has its own dynamics, and includes a lot of variables. And depending on the nature of the competition, the tax benefit may accrue to us, if there is higher competition, may accrue to our customer, or as I expect, will often be the case we may share the upside the tax changes have created. With respect to the impact to tax reform on our balance sheet, we rolled out a plan at EEI last fall, that called for an incremental $3 billion in capital, and that plan called for $500 million of equity over the next three years. So as a result of tax reform, we see the need for a modest additional $300 million, so when we put the two together, $800 million over the next three years. We are doing that, because we are committed to maintaining balance sheet metrics that support our current credit ratings and maintaining balance sheet flexibility. That said, you know we always look for ways to minimize equity issuances by strengthening cash flows, and we have often been successful in doing just that in the past. Now I am going to turn things over to Peter Oleksiak to talk a bit more about our financial results. Peter, over to you.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks Gerry. Just looking at the financials, just one comment on my Detroit Tigers. Never really an off season in baseball, even though there is snow on the ground here in Detroit, spring training is in full motion, down in Florida, and there is -- hope springs eternal for the Tigers to beat the odds in 2018. With the financials, I will start on slide 11; as Gerry mentioned, 2017 came in strong, with earnings of $1 billion or $5.59 per share. For reference, our reported earnings were $1.1 billion or $6.32 per share, and you can find the detailed breakdown of the earnings by segment, including a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. Overall, our growth segment's operating earnings were $981 million or $5.48 per share. Now let me touch on each segments in detail, starting at the top with our Electric utility. DTE Electric operating earnings for the year were $617 million or $5 million lower than 2016, primarily driven by the cooler weather and higher storm expenses offset by the implementation of new rates. For more detailed year-over-year earnings variance for our DTE Electric segment, you can find that in our appendix. DTE Gas operating earnings were $149 million or $11 million higher than 2016. Now this increase was driven primarily by new rate implementation, offset by higher depreciation expenses and property taxes related to capital. For our Gas, Storage and Pipeline business, operating earnings were $160 million or $2 million to $3 million higher than 2016. This increase was due to a full year of Link earnings pipeline and gathering growth. Operating earnings for the Power and Industrial businesses were $124 million or $29 million higher than 2016. This is primarily due to both incremental REF sites and volumes and higher steel related earnings in 2017. Rounding out our growth segment is the corporate and other segment, which was $10 million unfavorable, compared to 2016, and is due to higher interest expense. Energy trading had operating earnings of $20 million in 2017, down $5 million. Our trading company contributed $29 million of economic income in 2017, which is in line with target levels. The appendix contains our standard energy trading reconciliations, showing both economic and accounting performance. Overall, DTE earned $5.59 per share, $0.31 higher per share than 2016 EPS. Now I will switch over to 2018 guidance on slide 12; Gerry mentioned, due to tax reform, we are increasing our operating earnings guidance from the early outlook we provided to you at EEI. There is no change in 2018 to the guidance for the two utilities. But over time, changes in our capital structure will increase earnings, as more utility rate bases blended with equity instead of deferred taxes. Also utility equity will grow faster than rate base growth. The EPS guidance range is now $5.57 to $5.99, up from a range of $5.48 to $5.88. The $0.10 per share increase from the early outlook guidance, this point is driven by our non-utility businesses. The GSP and P&I businesses see immediate earnings benefits from the lower tax rate from 35% to 21%, contributing an incremental $30 million at GSP and $15 million at P&I. Corporate and other earnings will decrease by $26 million due to the lower tax yield on interest expense. Energy trading will also benefit tax reforms, but we left the low end of guidance the same, due to how we conservatively plan and forecast eh earnings for energy trading. Gerry mentioned earlier, the $0.10 EPS accretion we see here in 2018, will grow to $0.13 by 2022, driven by utility earnings growth. For the non-utilities, a $0.13 assumes tax benefits on existing contracts only. So we share some of the tax benefits going forward on new deals that could help achieve our long term non-utility growth targets or potentially provide upside. Our cash and capital guidance for 2018 can be found in the appendix. Now I'd like to move to balance sheet metrics on slide 13; we have been consistent in our messaging over the years, that maintaining a strong balance sheet is a priority. As one of the companies or industry that benefits from tax reform, we are able to deliver EPS accretion, at the same time maintaining strong balance sheet metrics. One item that is benefitting cash in near term, is the way that the AMT credits will work. Looking at cash refund of $300 million over four years, which partially offsets lower cash flows of the utilities. At EEI, we announced $500 million of equity needs through 2020, to fund the increase in our investment plan. As Gerry described, as a result of tax reform, we will be issuing an additional $300 million over the next three years. For the calendar year 2018, our plan is to issue $300 million of equity using a trail mechanism. One way to think about it, is the additional $100 million that is due to the tax reform, embedded within that $300 million. We are committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet, and we will target FFO to debt of 18% to 19%, which is in line with metrics needed to support our growing credit ratings. For the next several years, our pension will be fully funded, which creates some additional flexibility in our FFO to debt targets, and keeps us well within the range of our current ratings. We will look for ways to limit the amount of equity needed over the next three years, but under any outcome, tax reform is good for utility customers and good for shareholders. Now I'd like to turn it over to Jerry Norcia, who will go over the long term plan for producing this earnings and dividend growth.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you, Peter. Those of you who have listened to our calls in the past, heard us talk about the transformation of our utility assets over time. A transformation that aims to produce excellent customer outcomes, while also achieving substantially higher productivity levels. This will occur over the next 10 years and will be driven by significant investments and infrastructure for our customers. We are defining customer operational productivity goals to guide this transformation, and as Gerry mentioned earlier, we filed a Certificate of Necessity with the MPSC to build an 1,100 megawatt natural Gas fired Power plant. That plant along with renewable investments will backfill the retirement of the three coals in the early 2020s. The nearly $1 billion project is scheduled to break ground in 2019 and will create hundreds of Michigan jobs during construction. Natural Gas fired plans will be an important complement to our renewable Power investments in the decades ahead, as natural Gas offers an affordable, abundant, low carbon, domestic fuel source, and is a reliable 24 by 7 Power source for our Electric customers. We are also planning to construct up to 4,000 megawatts of additional renewable energy capacity over time. The next major renewable investment for both wind farms will occur in 2018 and 2020. In fact, we have just finalized our plans for a $260 million wind investment this year. Our Electric company will also continue to invest heavily in grid hardening and grid automation. As the infrastructure ages, there is an ongoing need to invest in modernizing the system. As we invest in the distribution system, we will be very focused on ensuring affordability for our customers, and we will do this through substantial productivity increases over the next decade. At DTE Gas, we continue to focus on accelerating the replacement of our aging cast iron and unprotected steel pipe. In our last Gas rate case, we proposed accelerating from a 25 year main renewal cycle to a 15 year cycle. At the same time, we continue to work to automate our Gas meters and move them outside to reduced costs. Finally, we will continue to invest in pipeline integrity to harden the system and ensure a very high standard of public safety. Now I will move on to the non-utility businesses on slide 16. As Gerry mentioned, we had many accomplishments for our non-utility business last year. Our Gas Storage and Pipelines, much of our focus over the next few years will center on expanding our two newest growth platforms, Nexus and the Link pipeline. In 2017, we saw Nexus pipeline construction advancing, and are on track for a late third quarter in service date. We are progressing on pipe construction, right-of-way clearing, compressor station work and some horizontal directional drills this winter. In 2018, we are seeing continued progress of both Nexus and Link. Nexus is finalizing agreements to construct laterals to new large Industrial customers. We also told you late last year, that we are in discussions with some of the producers about Nexus' capacity. The discussions continue to advance, and we are now exchanging proposals with producers to fill additional open capacity, giving us great confidence on our plan for this asset. We continue to be pleased with the interest in Nexus, as well as the construction milestones we are achieving. We have consistently said, that the intensity of discussions among our remaining Nexus capacity ratcheted up as the pipe moved into construction, and that's what we are seeing play out. Since we are under strict confidentiality agreements on these deals, we won't be able to provide any additional details at this point, as the deals become final, we will provide more information. So moving on to our Linked asset, we recently doubled capacity, with an existing customer at an attractive rate. At our Bluestone asset in Pennsylvania, we achieved a 1 BCF per day delivery capacity milestone in 2017. This is pretty exciting, given that this pipeline started with 0.3 BCF per day capacity. We are expanding by an additional 0.1 BCF per day in 2018. We also have a newly signed precedent agreement with APV Renaissance, the new lateral pipeline to connect to their Power plant. So all in all, I feel very good about the progress we have made at our GSP business, and I continue to feel we are on track to achieve our future goals. Now I will talk about progress at our Power and Industrial business, on slide 17; we have already talked about the new projects that we originated in 2017. In November at EEI, we told you that we needed to originate $45 million of new growth by 2022, and that was to achieve an income target of $65 million in 2022. $15 million or one-third of that growth was originated last year, including a state of the art central energy plant and two renewable natural Gas projects that Gerry mentioned. We also feel we have a good line of sight on the next $15 million in 2018, and we are well advanced with that, with projects in late stage discussions. So we could have two thirds of that 2022 growth target originated by the end of this year. Tax reform may also help with this P&I growth, given that we may share the benefit with our customers on future projects. Back in November, we also told you about five co-generation sites we are in advanced discussions with, as well as four renewable natural Gas projects that we are pursuing. While I am pleased to tell you, that we are finalizing negotiations along those new RNG projects, we are also firming up agreements for our new large scale energy project. Given this start to 2018 and the fact that we have additional projects, we feel good about how P&I is positioned for the future growth. Now I will turn over to slide 18 to wrap up. Once again, our strong 2017 extended a track record of exceeding original guidance. We are one of the companies in our industry, for whom tax reform provides benefits for our customers, while also benefitting investors. We increased our 2018 operating EPS guidance by midpoint by $0.10 per share, which will serve as a new base for our 5% to 7% operating EPS growth target through 2022. Strength of our utilities and the growth of our non-utility businesses and a strong balance sheet, along with an annualized dividend growth target of 7%, gives me confidence that we will continue to deliver premium shareholder returns. And with that, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. So Alicia, you could open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will go first to Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Josephine Moore: Good morning everyone. It's Josephine here. How are you all?
Gerry Anderson: Good.
Josephine Moore: Just a few questions here this morning. First on the utilities side. As you were thinking about the upcoming IRP and the five year distribution plan, are there any additional CapEx opportunities that could develop from that? And then secondly on either any regulatory mechanisms that you are looking for, under that plan, to ensure more concurrent recovery of the spend?
Gerry Anderson: So I will start with the distribution plan. We are working very closely with the Public Service Commission staff right now. In fact, we are ramping up a process, where we have been laying out the distribution system needs over the next five years. It has been a really healthy open process, and I think what that is going to do, is essentially lay the logic for the capital expenditures that we have in the plan that we have laid out for you. And then on the IRP front, I think the IRP is consistent with what we have said before, that we are going to retire -- if you look over the next five years or so, retire those two coal plants. We need this Gas plant to backfill those. We will continue to add renewables, both up through 2021, when the state target is 15%, but really beyond that as well. I fully expect that we will continue to add additional renewables, as the price on those continues to go down, and something our customers want us to do. So as far as additional CapEx, to be honest, I think the plan we have laid out is one, it has got a healthy amount of work to renew our utility infrastructure, and that's what we are focused on executing.
Peter Oleksiak: This is Peter, Josephine, I think you are also asking about the recovery mechanism. This definitely will lay the potential groundwork for that, and that we are in early discussions with the staff and the commission on that.
Josephine Moore: Great. And then, on the P&I side, curious if you could just give a little bit more color on the guidance increase? Is that just tax reform, or does that also include volumetric and efficiency improvements?
Peter Oleksiak: That is just tax reforms.
Josephine Moore: Just tax reforms? Okay. Awesome. And then just one last question for GSP; as you are earning AFUDC on Nexus right now, and then the project moves into service, how are you thinking about the return profile on the project? Is there going to be any shift there in the earnings from Nexus?
Peter Oleksiak: The AFUDC is earned over time, as you are doing your capital spend. So when you look at it year-over-year, there is not going to be material change between the two. And as we put it in service, it gets them to the negotiated rates we have and it's a healthy targeted cost of capital we have on the project right now. But if anything, it really lays the ground work for additional expansions and investments around that platform.
Josephine Moore: Awesome. That's all on my end. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will go next to Michael Weinstein of Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, good morning.
Gerry Anderson: Good morning Michael.
Michael Weinstein: Hey, could you just remind us, the extra equity, the $300 million of incremental equity in addition to the $500 million at EEI, what's the method for that? Is it a secondary, or is it ATM?
Gerry Anderson: So we expect that this year, that it will be internal mechanisms. We have capacity for about $300 million in internal mechanisms. That varies year-by-year due to pension contributions and other things. But I think for the foreseeable future, we expect the vast majority would play out that way.
Michael Weinstein: Even the incremental amount?
Gerry Anderson: Yes.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, got you. And on the P&I side, I think you said that it'd be two thirds by the end of this year, towards the goal?
Jerry Norcia: That's what we are expecting.
Michael Weinstein: How long do you think it will be, before you actually finish completely?
Jerry Norcia: Well our forecast is to originate the $45 million by 2022. So I would say we are well in progress, with having two thirds completed this year in. We will have to revisit our target at the end of this year to see if there is any potential upside to that.
Gerry Anderson: Yeah, we have gotten a fast start on it. So we said last year, $45 million incremental needed. But we really think at the end of this year, it will be about $30 million into the $45 million, two years into the five years. And we will just keep evaluating, if the market keeps offering us opportunities at that pace as Jerry said, there could be some upside to what we talked about.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. And maybe you could just remind everybody like what your thoughts are on M&A these day? There is a lot of activity going on in your region, lot of speculation. I am just wondering, what your thoughts are on M&A and the industry as a whole right now, based on -- especially now and with rates starting to rise, and the valuation of the Group as a whole, how do you view things?
Gerry Anderson: I view it pretty much the same way we always have. So we, with a high bar out there, for something that we think would actually be added to what we think is a good strong plan that we have. And so, we look -- but I think, the characteristics you need are something that actually genuinely brings efficiency and cost reduction, and maybe a handful that could do that. But as you know, you can't pay some of these really high premiums for that or all of that is given away and more. So if we ever found one that was great for our customers through efficiency and could be done at low premium, maybe. But just say, we put a high bar out there for it, and don't see it at the forefront of our strategy right now.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Thank you very much.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Shahriar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners.
Gerry Anderson: Good morning Shahriar.
Shahriar Pourreza: Good morning guys. How are you doing? So you guys have never been capital constrained? Rates have always sort of been the governor. 3% reduction in rates from tax reform is somewhat material. So does this sort of provide an opportunity for you guys to accelerate some spending opportunities, or asked differently, many utilities seem to be submitting plans, to give back the tax savings through time and seem to be getting some preliminary support from the various commissioners, so why not retain some more of the savings and redeploy into sort of infrastructure needs, since you sort of have the opportunity to do so.
Gerry Anderson: When you say retain some of the savings, what do you mean Shahriar? Just so I am clear on the question you are asking?
Shahriar Pourreza: Well, sort of subsidized additional opportunities to accelerate some of the infrastructure needs that you have?
Gerry Anderson: I guess our reaction to this is that, we are actually very happy to have this reduction go back to customers, and to have it go back quickly. Because as you said, the thing that we worry most about, as we go through this, having infrastructure renewal cycle, is keeping it affordable. I think the one thing that differentiates, and actually if you look back over time, companies that do well, as you go through a heavy investment cycle versus those that don't, is how they manage it for the customers, whether their customers and regulators remain supportive. And a lot of that is tied to how affordable it remains. And so when we saw this, our reaction was good, it helps us achieve our targets for rates and rate levels. Now I think what in the end that's going to do, is make feasible in a way that works for everybody, the capital plan that we have laid out here over the next five years, which is we have been saying, that's some very heavy infrastructure investments embedded in it. So that's the way we are thinking about it, and when we generally get asked, about upside as a result of this, we are trying to retain some of the tax savings for upside. That's not the way we are thinking about it, we are really thinking that it's a really helpful aid to the plan we have laid out, in terms of keeping things affordable.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. So supportive of the plan, but not anyway to accelerate the plan. Got it. And then just on Nexus, Gerry, appreciate the sensitivity of the discussions. But on sort of the conversations you are having on the demand pull and supply push sides. Can you at least sort of disclose if these opportunities are enough to finally fully subscribe the pipe?
Jerry Norcia: They certainly are. The size of the volumes that we are discussing would fill the pipe.
Shahriar Pourreza: Oversubscribe the pipe or just fill the pipe?
Jerry Norcia: We will start with fill at first.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank.
Gerry Anderson: Good morning Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: Good morning guys. You just answered my first question, so moving to some of the P&I tax uplifts. Could you just unpack the mechanics behind that a little bit, given the proportion of the earnings come out of REFs, just how we get -- where the uplift is coming from?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, Jonathan, this is Peter. A portion of our facilities we have there, we essentially have sold down from a partnership perspective. So we have current cash and earnings related to that, that's where the uplift is coming from. Now we mentioned, the $0.10 accretion here will go to $0.13 to essentially, that managed utility, and that REF will be replaced by utility accretion at the back end of the plan.
Jonathan Arnold: So it is effectively the incremental coming, because you have to make up once the REF piece steps down?
Peter Oleksiak: There is some tax benefit from REF, just because -- with those facilities that we have partners with.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. But that's what's driving the uplift in 2018, it's in the accounting in the partnership?
Peter Oleksiak: One way to think about it, by 2022, that is gone, but that will be replaced and then some by utilities.
Jonathan Arnold: Right. That is being $0.03 incremental, it's actually more than that.
Gerry Anderson: So just to add there, obviously on the partnership positions, there is some tax savings. We also have other projects that aren't already up, where there's obviously tax benefits as well on current contracts. And then the point Peter is making is, you go through the transition Jerry Norcia was describing, is we had R&D projects and Industrial projects and so forth. And current projects of that type, we have benefit on future projects. I expect it will be a shared benefit, where some of that goes through the customer and some of that comes to us.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, great. Thank you. And then just another tax detail, I think you mentioned that you have assumed, it's $190 million upfront for the reduced tax charge, and then an assumption at $70 million a year on deferred excess flowing back. Can you just unpack that between protected and unprotected, and then what sort of timeframe you have assumed on each?
Peter Oleksiak: Maybe I will give you the broad context; there is going to be three different proceedings, one is going to be on the current, which is the $190 million you mentioned. So that'd be proceedings in terms of how do we give that back to customers. So maybe a little bit different for each of our utilities, because of where they are at in terms of the rate case cycles. There will also be a portion on that current, that will catch up from January 1, and then on the deferred, as you are talking about, there is going to be a separate proceeding for the second half of the year. There is -- a good majority of it is to protect the depreciation. Probably two-thirds of it, some of it isn't. But we have history and precedents around all of that being normalized. We expect all of that could play it out in the proceeding in the back half of this year.
Jonathan Arnold: And then, in your $70 million, what do you assume about the one-third that's not protected?
Peter Oleksiak: It will be normalized. Despite the $70 million, we have $1.4 billion roughly Electric company, $300 million at the Gas, so combined $1.7 billion that we are going to need to give back to customers over time, that includes both protected and unprotected.
Jonathan Arnold: A third of which is unprotected and for the time being, you are assuming that that has also normalized. Am I getting that right?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. And there is precedents around that back in 1986, when we did this with the Commission.
Jonathan Arnold: Great. Okay. Thanks guys.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc.
Gerry Anderson: Good morning Paul.
Paul Ridzon: Good morning. I think you just answered my question, but the $0.13 is inclusive of the $0.10 at unreg, is that correct?
Gerry Anderson: Correct.
Paul Ridzon: Okay.
Gerry Anderson: Yeah, that's correct. Should we get an immediate $0.10 and then a slow build to $0.13, as we play through the five years.
Paul Ridzon: Slow build from $0.10 to $0.13?
Gerry Anderson: Correct.
Paul Ridzon: And then, looking forward, when you report first quarter earnings, there is no resolution of tax issues at the commission. How should we think about you know, just -- at the utilities, just strip that out like kind of reserved revenues?
Peter Oleksiak: That is correct. It's a regulatory liability, from an accounting perspective. So we will be putting that on the balance sheet to get back to our customers through these various proceedings that I described earlier.
Paul Ridzon: Congratulations on a solid year and rating guidance, and that's all I have. Thanks.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research.
Gerry Anderson: Hey Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Hey Gerry, everyone, good morning. So first question, just in clarifying the growth rate guidance. The 5% to 7% off of the 5.78% in 2018, so that number obviously includes trading. So I assume you are kind of giving -- when you are giving that, you are including trading kind of throughout the period. And if you want to exclude that, we just take that out and quote 5% to 7%.
Gerry Anderson: But we do include. So we are growing up the total number, trading for a couple of percent of our total.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. So I guess, it's a small thing, but in theory, it's in fact -- you are probably not assuming that growth and the businesses ex-trading are probably growing a little quicker?
Gerry Anderson: Could be, we might see a little growth in trading. I mean, when do you do the math, it's a few million dollars, so it just doesn't swing much in the growth.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. 
Gerry Anderson: So we are looking for them -- what they have done. It's $25 million to $30 million of cash a year that we can use to reduce equity, that's their role.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then just to clarify, the bullet in the slide on tax on the improvement in the economics, future non-utility projects may be shared with customers. Is this mainly in the P&I segment?
Gerry Anderson: I think it's both. If you think logically about it, every project has lots of variables that come into determining your return on capitals. But one of them is competitive dynamics, and how many opportunities -- they are competing for the opportunity. So if there is low competition presumably, and you really are the one best suited to serve the need, you might have a higher share. At high competition, the share might be lower, and I think in a lot of cases that we play out in, will see a split at that value. So we try to be conservative and not play a lot of that future tax value on future projects into our projections. But I think we will see it, and will help us in our achievement.
Steve Fleishman: But you are not talking to an impact on kind of current non-utility projects, where you'd share some?
Gerry Anderson: The ones that are already existing and are in hand with negotiated contracts in place, will obviously get the benefit of that.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then, can you just talk a little bit to the ALJ in your Electric case, and I think they came out with like a 9/6 ROE, which was not only down a decent amount from where you have been, but also lower than CMS. What is the explanation for that, and how are you feeling about the outcome?
Gerry Anderson: We are in an active case, Steve, so I am probably going to leave most of our commentary for that venue. But that said, if you have watched our ROE proceedings and our rate proceedings over the year, it's not unusual to see positions out there that are lower than what we have or what we have filed for. But when you set back from all of that, I feel we are going to get a constructive set of outcomes in our Electric and Gas cases, and constructive on the ROE front that will support the plan we put out for the year.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then last question, just in the Midstream business, just high level, maybe you could talk to trends that you are seeing? Obviously we have a lot more Gas production, we have demand increasing, but bottlenecks starting to slowly get resolved. Just what are you thinking strategically next to the business? Are you worried about pricing and too much supply, or do you still see like a lot of opportunity to grow the business?
Jerry Norcia: Certainly, with our current slate of assets tied to the Marcellus and the Utica, we kind of see a world class resource connected to very proximal markets on the East Coast as well as Midwest, and markets in Midwest, which is what our Nexus pipeline is pointed to, you are going to see a fundamental shift from coal use to natural Gas use over time, as these plants age out, as you can see from our sort of plants for generation. So I see very strong supply growth as well as strong demand growth in the regions that we are going to serve with Nexus. And I think that will bode well for additional bolt-on projects for Nexus, as well as our Link asset, which is already connected to the Nexus. So I see a really strong story in our future. I think also, the evolution of the export market in the natural Gas industry, I think will be an outlet for what continues to be a growing supply of natural Gas in North America. So overall, I feel our Midstream business, with its suite of influence if you will, in the Great Lakes region, is well positioned to capture that growth, both supply and demand.
Gerry Anderson: Steve, just to add on to that; you go there, our position in Pennsylvania, Bluestone and Millennium, we hit a record production level last year, and as we mentioned, we got pulled for more there, down on our Link assets. We just had a producer there double their position with us. And if you come up to Nexus, one of the interesting things there is to, I think in a region where output is growing rapidly, the producers are definitely scaling up operations there. Nexus is, for the next couple of years, likely to be the only path out with any capacity. We are working to make sure that capacity doesn't exist for very long, as we fill up the pipe. But we are in option, out of the region, or out of that zone right now, as it scales up production.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Thank you.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Angie Storozynski of Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. I actually wanted to follow-up on Nexus. So I heard your explanations, thank you. Now the contracts with Industrial customers are for the facility existing capacity or for expansions of Nexus?
Peter Oleksiak: They will be both.
Angie Storozynski: And can you give me a sense what type of industry this is, that would be willing to sign contracts -- from [indiscernible] Gas?
Peter Oleksiak: Angie, once we execute the agreements, I'd be happy to disclose that. But at this moment, we can't.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And separately for the drillers' demand for capacity on your pipe. It seems like Rover is still not fully subscribed, and again, it seems like Rover's pricing is a little bit lower than yours. So what would be the advantage for a driller to choose your pipe versus Rover?
Jerry Norcia: Well let me be clear, Rover's rates are not lower than ours. And I think you and I have had this conversation before that, our rates are very competitive with Rover. So we are happy with our position in the market that way. And in addition to that, we have got much greater significant -- or much more significant market access along the pipeline. We have got 13 interconnects that we are building immediately, and all of those interconnects, with large demand centers, are already starting to play into some of the discussions that we are having with counterparties. So we feel very good about filling this pipe.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then lastly, when you show us the net income range for 2018 for the GSP segment, does it account for the incremental long term contract, or is basically the delta year-over-year largely filled by short term contracts?
Gerry Anderson: Are you asking about long term contracts on Nexus or other pipes?
Angie Storozynski: I mean, other pipes as well. I mean, will they materialize between now and the end of the year, and to contribute to 2018 net income?
Gerry Anderson: Nexus not materially, since it goes into service so late in the year. So it's really not relevant for 2018. And the other pipes do have growing positions. For example, we mentioned Link in a growing position there. Now that will take a little time to come into, but could contribute some, are going to be growing over Bluestone. So the projections we have for both 2018 and future years, are taking that sort of growth and those sorts of contracts into account. But the contracts on Nexus, just isn't enough time in 2018 for those to really be material.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Charles Fishman of Morningstar.
Charles Fishman: Good morning. I am assuming that, since I didn't hear any comments towards this, the timing of the REF phase-outs has not changed with tax reform?
Peter Oleksiak: It has not.
Charles Fishman: Okay, that is what I was assuming. And then second question on the P&I, getting to two thirds of the way to your goal by the end of the year, did you say that's an expansion of the forward agreement or is that a new project you intend to announce?
Jerry Norcia: Well these are -- the one project that we are looking to finalize agreement with -- very close to finalize agreements with an R&D project currently, and we are looking at other Industrial energy projects in the region.
Gerry Anderson: We have a number of cogen projects for example, and one of the discussions with an Industrial counterparty, is -- I guess we'd just say very late stage development. So I think that's like -- the likelihood of them going forward is high. I mean, we were a year ago went forward at this point, it's the way that project [indiscernible]. So we have got one of those, we have got an RNG that we think about finalized. And then more of each of those behind those new projects.
Charles Fishman: So there is a project in the mix, and there are still these projects coming out that are similar to Ford, where you build a co-generation facility for a big Industrial complex?
Gerry Anderson: That's correct.
Charles Fishman: Okay. That's all I had. Thank you.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: That is all the time we have for questions. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to our speakers for any additional or closing comments.
Gerry Anderson: Well look, thanks very much for joining us this morning. Hope you feel that the way we wrapped up 2017 was positive, and as I said at the outset, I feel great about our position at 2018. I think we are lined up for another really good year this year, and we look forward to describing all of that to you in future discussions. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Tuckfield - Director of Investor Relations Peter Oleksiak - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer David Slater - President, DTE Gas Storage & Pipelines
Analysts: Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Craig Gordon - Evercore ISI Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Charles Fishman - Morningstar Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Andy Levi - Avon Capital Advisors Kevin Fallon - Citadel
Operator: Good day everyone. And welcome to the DTE Energy Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. For opening remarks, I'll turn the call over to Barbara Tuckfield. Barbara, please go ahead.
Barbara Tuckfield: Thank you, Debby, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone to read the Safe Harbor statement on page two of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP net income to operating earnings provided in the appendix of today's presentation. With us this morning is Peter Oleksiak, Senior Vice President and CFO. We also have members of the management team to call on during the Q&A. And now, I'll turn it over to Peter.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks, Barbara, and good morning to everyone and thank you for joining us today. First note DTE earnings call would be complete without an update on my Detroit Tigers and Lions football here today I am going to start with that. I'm disappointed to say that for the second straight year, the Tigers did not make the post season and traded away most of the veteran players. And actually Justin Verlander is pitching tonight in the World Series. So I wish him luck. The good news is that for the Tigers, we do get the number one pick for 2018 season, so every ending has a new beginning. And as always, I look forward to a greater season next year. Now, onto to the update on DTE. Like last year, we’re keeping today's call focused on the quarter, and our attention on the current year. The longer term strategy and growth related questions will be deferred to the EEI Conference, which is only a couple of weeks away. And at EEI, Gerry Anderson will providing our detailed business update. This update will include our 2018 early outlook, our long term growth plans as well as details about each of our business segments. Now, I would like to start on slide three. Given our continued strong year-to-date results, we’re increasing the guidance mid-point by $0.12 to a range of $5.38 to $5.69 from a range of $5.26 to $5.57. The guidance increase is driven by our gas storage and pipeline and power industrial segments, which I'll discuss in more details in a few minutes. Before I get into financials, I want to shift to another area where we are seeing great results, which is residential customer satisfaction. I'm particularly pleased to announce that we ranked second in the residential customer satisfaction at both DTE Electric and DTE Gas. Moving on to updates at our non-utility businesses. Since our last earnings call, our gas storage and pipeline business received FERC approval for both NEXUS and the CPP lateral projects value lateral projects. And we are targeting 2018 in-service for both. We also have great news at our power industrial projects businesses. The agreement on the industrial energy services project we just closed on the last earnings call was finalized. And I can tell you now that the project is part of Ford Motor Company campus upgrade. Powering Ford’s new was new research and engineering center, DTE will own and operate the new state of the energy center, using modern efficient and green energy. This facility is expected to begin operations in late 2019. We also have a great pipeline of projects in development to follow the ones we’ve announced this year, and we’ll continue to update you as they progress. And at EEI, we’ll give you a more detailed description of the types of investments we are targeting. Now, I would like to go to the third quarter earnings results on slide four. For the quarter, DTE Energy’s operating earnings were $264 million or $1.48 per share. For reference, our reported earnings were $1.51 per share, and you can find a reconciliation of the third quarter reported operating earnings in the appendix. For the quarter, our growth segment’s operating earnings were $274 million or $1.53 per share. Electric segment was lower by $63 million quarter-over-quarter. And this quarter was considerably cooler than 2016, which was one of the warmest on record, and drove much of the unfavorability. DTE Gas was lower by $9 million quarter-over-quarter. This is primarily driven by the timing of the GAAP main renewal revenue and higher O&M expenses. As I mentioned on previous calls, with more of the gas made on renewal revenue and base rates, revenue was expected to be proportionally lower in the second and third quarters and higher in the first and fourth quarters. And will not affect the full year earnings. For the gas storage and pipeline segment, third quarter earnings were higher by $8 million versus last year. This favorability was driven by the linked acquisition and higher pipeline and gather earnings. Our power industrial project segment was higher by $9 million quarter-over-quarter, and is due primarily to higher REF volumes and new sites coming online late 2016. Now, I'll talk more about this favorability when I discuss the guidance increases. Our corporate and other segment earnings were $14 million unfavorable versus last year. This variance was mainly due to timing of taxes between the two years. Again, overall gross segment results for the quarter were $274 million or $1.53 per share. Energy trading loss $10 million operating earnings at $3 million in economic net income for the quarter, our trading is having a solid year and is on track to achieve its economic contribution target. And please refer to the appendix review of the energy trading standard reconciliation slide, which shows both economic and operating income performance. Overall, we had a strong quarter. Let's move on to slide five to discuss how this shrink plays out in our full year guidance. As I mentioned at the start of the call, our EPS guidance range for DTE Energy is now $5.38 to $5.69, up from a range of $5.26 to $5.57. We are increasing the midpoint of the 2017 EPS guidance by $0.12 from $5.42 per share to $5.54 per share based on the continued strength at our non-utility segments. For our GSP segment, we are seeing favorable results with the linked acquisition and pipeline of gathering earnings. And at P&I we’re able to capture additional value to the REF business with two new high production sites. Longer term, our 5% to 7% growth rate continues, growing up our original 2017 guidance, which whether normalized is a utilities and also normalize as the favorability of P&I from our REF facilities. Before I get into nuances of the earnings guidance change for our P&I segment, if I could like to step back and discuss the overall value creation with the REF projects, just to set the context. As you recall, the REF projects and facilities that makes additives with coal to produce fuel that reduces emissions from the coal fire power plants. The REF projects included tax credit incentives that can be generated over the fine 10 year life. The initial products came online at the end of 2009. And when Congress extended the refined coal tax credit program, a second tranche of projects was developed and brought online at the end of 2011. Since that time, we saw ways to increase the value of the projects by entering into strategic transactions with utility and investor partners. These transactions are completed to increase REF production, optimize cash flow and minimize operating risks. The timing of entering these transactions changes our earnings and cash profile, tax credits generated are recognized immediately as earnings, which then can be utilized in the future to reduce federal income taxes. When transactions with investor partners are completed, they received their earned portion of the projected tax credit allocation, which increases our near-term cash flow while decreasing earnings. Now, let's move back to 2017 guidance update for P&I segment, where we see some of this impact playing out. We see this guidance changes increased tied to additional REF projects we developed last year with both a relocation and acquisition, they are generating earnings for us and our shareholders. We're now in the process of looking for investor partners. We have done this already with many of our existing units. And when these partner shifts are executed, they will be value and cash accretive to the enterprise and will reduce earnings. Until we find partners, we realize higher earnings near-term on these projects. Finding these investor partners maximize the NPV of these assets. The exact timing of when we entered these partnerships is driven by a combination of two things; one is cabinet units run for a period of time to maximize performance; and also is finding the optimal partner to maximize cash values. Over the remaining lives of the projects, we will continue to maximize value of the REF business line, do potential relocations to higher units of our units to higher volume sites, or the acquisition of additional third party units where we can create value. This business line has and will continue to deliver significant earnings and cash benefits to our bottom line. Now, let’s move to slide six to discuss cash and capital guidance. In addition to the solid earnings results, our cash flow and balance sheet remains strong and continue to support our long-term growth plan. Based on the year-to-date results, we're updating our cash flow and capital expenditure guidance with the change related to capital. Taking a closer look at the capital expenditures on the right side of the page, we show that the capital expenditures by business unit, we still expect to invest nearly $2 billion at are utility this year. This includes $1.5 billion at DTE Electric, driven by investments in our distribution system and $400 million at DTE Gas, driven by investments in base infrastructure and main renewal. With the capital investments that has occurred over the past years at DTE Gas, we're likely to file our rate case by the end of this year.  We have decreased our non-utility capital guidance by $500 million and this is for the retiming of the constructions of the NEXUS project. And as I mentioned earlier, we're targeting a third quarter 2018 NEXUS in service date. This brings our total capital expenditure to approximately $2.5 billion for the year. Now I like to wrap up on slide seven, then we can open the line for questions. We had another successful quarter, and we're in a great position to exceed our original EPS guidance this year, looking to extent our street to 11 consecutive years, and meeting or exceeding initial EPS guidance. We’re investing heavily in our utilities by upgrading our aging infrastructure and proving our customer experience. We're executing at growth opportunities at our non-utility businesses, most notably with Link and NEXUS at GSP and the recent industrial energy services project at P&I at the Ford complex. We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet, which sets us up nicely for future growth opportunities. And during this period of significant investments, as we begin to transform our electric generation fleet and the strength of our utilities combined with our growth for our non-utilities, gives me a lot of confidence that we’re continuing to deliver premium shareholder return. In closing, I would like to remind everyone that Gerry Anderson will be giving a presentation at the upcoming EEI conference on November 7th. So this update and his update will include an early outlook for 2018 and an update on our long term growth plan. There would be webcast on our investor relations Web site, and we hope to see many of you there. Now, I would like to open it up for questions. And as I mentioned at the beginning of the call, we’d very like to focus the questions on the current quarter and year. I also have members of the management with me I may call upon to answer your questions. So Debby, you can open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] We will go first today to Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: Maybe you could talk a little bit more about how far you are on track to P&I replacement of one-third of the expected $40 million for new projects that you have targeted for 2021?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, we have announced three projects this year. And this quarter, we announced the details that we’ve been talking about this Industrial Energy services project with the Ford complex. So this is real visible sign that we are right now one third of the way there in terms of backfill. We are targeting at this point $40 million to backfill for 2020, which is a good portion, a portion of the REF of earnings, REF on short duration contracts. So we have asked Power and Industrial segment to backfill a portion of that with long term contracted earnings. And we have also have a great pipeline of additional opportunities that we’re looking at. And at EEI we’re actually going to go into little more detail in the nature of these types of opportunities.
Michael Weinstein: And for NEXUS are we, at this point, when do you expect to start construction and is there any remaining FERC rate issues than need to be dealt with?
Peter Oleksiak: I have Dave Slater here, the President of that business unit. I'll have them answer question.
David Slater: Michael, we actually commence construction on the 16th of October, so we’re underway. And it's primarily right away work that we’re commencing. And we have a plan to do a number of HDDs working on the compressor stations, and that will play out over the course of the winter with mainline pipeline construction commencing in the spring.
Operator: We will go next to Craig Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Craig Gordon: I'll table the questions on Power and Industrial’s future outlook for EEI, since you requested that. So when we look at the quarter, the underlying growth trends that you’re seeing in terms of economic outlook at DTE Electric, I know the weather has been pretty big swing in earnings over the last few quarters. We’re seeing really strong economic activity across the board here. My Chief Economist this morning just pointed out how strong the data looks, both in the U.S. and globally. Are you seeing, from the auto industry or any of the other big industrial segments in your service territory, signs of accelerating growth and how would that impact your outlook?
Peter Oleksiak: We are seeing for us the best indication of the underlying economic growth as we take a look at customer accounts within the region. So we are seeing a steady increase. We have seen a steady increase by last five or six years of about 0.5%. And I would say, overall, the Michigan economy has been diversifying over the years, and I think it's a very solid and we continue to see solid performance. And for the automotives, the automotives, right now, they are at a pretty high level of 18 million units, now they are talking about 16 million units, which still is a good level for them to make some profitability. I’d say, I’d put it more characterized it as solid economic from Michigan.
Craig Gordon: So you’re not seeing any change to the upside?
Peter Oleksiak: We’re still projecting relatively flat loads, probably underlying growth around 1%, but we continue to see energy efficiency happening and we have a really robust energy efficiency program that’s paying dividends for us, but it's relatively flat that we're planning for on a financial basis.
Operator: We’ll go next to Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So, a quick question on the P&I side real quickly. Does the additional projects, is it shifted all the roll off and the timing of those credits at all by any meaningful amount? Or is that still the expectation that you laid out before?
Peter Oleksiak: The expectation is -- there’ll be a roll up in 2020 and then 2022. These projects, this has been a great business line for us, as you know, a lot of earnings, a lot of cash. So these additional projects will, actually more than anything give us additional cash, we have a significant investment program ahead of us. But we are targeting, right now, and you will hear at EEI, we’re really targeting and end state non-REF, post REF for each of the business lines and we’ll give an update at EEI.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then you can you talk a little bit about the change in the non-utility CapEx? Obviously, there is some moves in NEXUS, et cetera. But anything else there just to make sure we're not missing anything.
Peter Oleksiak: No, it's really NEXUS, primarily NEXUS related.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then turning back to the utility real quickly, some of your peers are talking about green tariffs and offering those as another growth avenue at the electric utility side in Michigan. Any opportunity there on your side that you guys are looking at?
Peter Oleksiak: You have a green tariff and obviously we’ll continue to work, that’s definitely an area of focus for us in our commission and our customer, but we do have a program similar to that.
Operator: We’ll go next to Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Let me just, I know you're going to discuss this a little bit more at EEI. But it sounds like from your prepared comments, you’ve done a very good job of filling any gaps as the earnings stepped down from rest. And it doesn’t appear or that there is a concern that the fact that you're adding additional incremental sites that you're just essentially -- the earnings cliff is growing. So is there a concern there or do you talk about EEI, how you’re going to account for that? Is that tenure of the contract?
Peter Oleksiak: That is a good question. The REF units do provide over and above what we originally had, but it's really cash, at the end of the day for us that really going to help us the near term. But we are targeting right now post REF, basically planned, I guess, 5% to 7% growth. But I wouldn’t think about that this is additional earnings, but actually it’s good news, good additional cash. We’re going to continue to optimize this business unit, actually probably over the next year or so to continue to deliver value and cash.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay, great. That’s helpful. And I guess we’ll get more color right now on EEI. And then just on NEXUS, do you plan on providing any update as far as any updates to affirm commitments and to connection agreements at EEI?
Peter Oleksiak: At EEI, we definitely will provide a more thorough update around NEXUS, how we’re seeing about that. We’ll also probably give you a sense around where we are in terms of looking at the potential opportunities out there in terms of contracts and new contracts.
Operator: We’ll go next to Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon: You mentioned filing a rate case, but was that the end of this year?
Peter Oleksiak: At the end of this year for our gas utility, that is the plan.
Paul Ridzon: Just to clarify, I think with Julian's question, these new sites at REF don’t change the timing of the wind-down but just are more cash producing.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, that is the way to think about it.
Paul Ridzon: And then just, NEXUS has slipped from late '17 to 3Q '18. Can you kind of -- is it still negligible impact on earnings power in '18?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, the way to think about it is, is that and we do get the AFUDC accounting, we have talked about that. So it is pretty minor for '18 impact.
Operator: We’ll go next to Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold: Can I just ask, so on the guidance increase of this year, on the P&I segment. Is that old REF or is there anything else going on behind the scenes?
Peter Oleksiak: It is all REF and we’ve had two guidance changes. The first one was related to REF as well, which was really more volume and capacity really good planned performance at existing sites. And this is related to new incremental units that we have.
Jonathan Arnold: So the rest of P&I is just unchanged, or has that actually -- could not have shrunk and REF is growing more? Or what's the dynamics between the two?
Peter Oleksiak: The way to think about this, from a normalized basis, is to go back to your original guidance for that segment, that’s a best way at this point…
Jonathan Arnold: And then all of the doubt is REF?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes.
Jonathan Arnold: Pretty much, okay. And then just one question, is there any -- has there been any talk of these tax credits, potentially getting extended, given the administrations focus on call and doing things that might not have been done in the past?
Peter Oleksiak: We do not anticipate that at this point in time.
Jonathan Arnold: And then just more general, I know you’re going to talk more about the strategy further out. But I just want to be clear that what you are announcing today, this Ford deal is the large CHP deal that you’ve been talking about really since the beginning of the year. And then…
Peter Oleksiak: That is correct, Jonathan. It's really going to giving you the details of this exciting new projects that we’re…
Jonathan Arnold: And the other two of the Landfill Gas transactions that you announced I think two quarters ago now?
Peter Oleksiak: That is correct. And we’ll give more update around the nature of these new opportunities and how we’re looking for at the segment. 
Jonathan Arnold: I just had a sense that you view, earlier in the year, you would have been anticipating having more of this to talk to announce by now. So I'm just curious, how if you can comment on this momentum currently, and for in this gas as opposed to maybe the plan?
Peter Oleksiak: We actually internally, we do track that we are on target right now with the backfill. I think that we have a few years for the backfill to occur. This segment overall is 70 projects. So we knew this is going to be a handful of projects replacing the portion of REF that we’re access P&I L segment to replace. So on a pro rata basis, actually they are doing really good right now with the projects that we executed as well as those that are in the pipeline.
Jonathan Arnold: So 70, the universal things you're looking at?
Peter Oleksiak: The 70 that number is actually the current number of projects that we have, but I gave that just to give you a prospective that we have a lot of projects. So the replacing of REF will not happen with maybe one or two, it will be a handful by half of dozen on projects will replace the amount of REF that we’ve asked these business units to replace.
Jonathan Arnold: And I think the last time you talked on this. The idea was it would be pretty more skewed towards the smaller Landfill Gas deals and additional forward type deals. Is that still the thinking?
Peter Oleksiak: All these opportunities that we kind of [indiscernible], those are the two areas right now that we're looking at. It’s hard to say which ones will come from one segment or the other at the end of the day, but both of them. And this is one area in particular that we’ll talk about a little more detail at EEI to give you the sense of the nature of these types of opportunities.
Operator: We’ll go next to Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles Fishman: Peter, the Ford project, you have an ongoing relationship with Ford. Is this just a one off or this -- should we anticipate that may be Gerry talks about what's downstream with Ford additional CHP projects?
Peter Oleksiak: This is really -- they are going through like allow the automotives, and then Ford particular has gone through how do they set themselves up for the future. So they are redesigning and then upgrading their campus, this research engineering center was one in particular. And they wanted to have renewable on green power there and they partnered with us. So it is a special one type of project, but we do have a great relationship with Ford, as you mentioned.
Charles Fishman: You have assembly plans, but you provide a similar service to or not, I don’t recall?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, onsite energy, we provide the onsite power chilled water utility type of services at the assembly plans. But this one would be in a newly constructed on their campus, really and their engineering center.
Operator: We’ll go next to Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: So to go with REF thing, but I'm not completely clear. I just think you guys are doing better in that business, et cetera. But you also mentioned the impact of -- what sound like was partners. And I was just wondering if you could describe a little bit more in detail. This was missing in terms of what that impact was, or what -- if you could just clarify that again.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, definitely we’ll clarify it. These projects generate tax credit, that’s really where the value of these tax credits. Those tax credits are needed for us and we can utilize that in the future for tax cash out of it. When we look at our cash position right now in terms of our taxes, it makes sense for us for some of these projects to enter into partnerships where we essentially sell a pro rata piece of that partnership and the credits. That’s really, for us, is the timing of this and we are in the process now of looking for some partners for these units. So in the meantime, we’re enjoying some really good earnings around these projects. But we will be entering some partnerships. So it’s really an earnings full cash trade. So you’ll see this in this segment probably over the next say year or two if there’s additional relocations we may do, you may see a temporary bump in earnings related to tax credits. But as we maximize cash and value down a bit on those up.
Paul Patterson: So this is a temporary benefit because of the increased REF tax credits, but that will be decreasing, I guess, in the next few years as you’re monetizing it with these partners. Is that the way to think about it?
Peter Oleksiak: Right, as we determine out the cash now, and we have a significant investment portfolio ahead of us, so this is definitely is the cash is needed now to help fund that.
Paul Patterson: And what is the -- how much we think about that REF earnings projection going. As we go forward in this, how should we think about that earnings associated with REF? Could you quantify that a little bit?
Peter Oleksiak: The way to think about this segment, overall, as you look back at the original guidance of segment, which was roughly about $95 million. So once we get through a lot of this, the partnership monetization in getting the cash out will get back to a normalized REF. These units are going to be throwing up addition cash and some remains for us over the next few years. But you can think about it by looking back at the original guidance, that’s a best way to do it.
Paul Patterson: And then just in terms of the Ford deal, how much of that that you’re going to be -- how much CapEx is associated with that?
Peter Oleksiak: We haven’t disclosed that amount at this point in time. But once again, it is a great investment for us and part of that overall backfill strategy for our REF units.
Operator: We’ll go next to Andy Levi with Avon Capital Advisors.
Andy Levi: Actually, all my questions are asked. Just one follow-up just on the Ford announcement. So that’s a one off, there’s no extension opportunities there on that one particular project.
Peter Oleksiak: It’s a significant onsite projects for us with the new engineering. We have additional opportunities with similar type of financial projects with other type of customers. But this one really is a standalone type of project, and once again we’re very excited to be working with Ford on this one.
Andy Levi: And then at EEI, will we get numbers around that project just to figure out what the opportunity is longer term on other similar projects? Or is that all just be part of the overall guidance that you gave?
Peter Oleksiak: We will give a description of this area a little bit more and the nature of potential opportunities, additional opportunities in this area that we’ll provide that at EEI.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Kevin Fallon with Citadel.
Kevin Fallon: Just a question on the monetizing the REF credits going forward. Do you have like a deferred balance right now that you would monetize, or is it just basically selling their earnings stream to somebody else going forward?
Peter Oleksiak: It's really selling at the earnings stream. We do, right now, do have deferred balance on our balance sheet and that’s reasonable on why as we periodically we take a look at this and see what's the cash value to us in the future and tax benefits versus monetizing and getting into a partnership.
Kevin Fallon: And how many REF projects you currently have?
Peter Oleksiak: Currently, right now, we have 11 projects.
Kevin Fallon: And the original guidance, if we go back to early look from EEI last year, I think the P&I segment was $90 million to $100 million, which I think is the base you're pointing back to. What's the REF percentage or REF amount in there?
Peter Oleksiak: We really don’t give that type of disclosure. But I can tell you that this segment overall supported by 70 projects. This segment for last 20 years it is a series of a lot of different projects they basically come and go. Currently, at the moment, a good majority of the earnings right now is related to the REF projects, and that’s one of the reasons why we have a backfill strategy. So we’ve asked -- we get these real short-term duration earnings, a portion of that we’re going to have with P&I segment to at the backfill. But my short answer is the majority of the earnings at this point in time is that REF and we’re very excited in terms of the new projects and really terming out those short-term earnings in terms of long-term contracted earnings.
Kevin Fallon: So there were seven projects in the original guidance from EEI last year that’s what you said, and you’re up to 11 now?
Peter Oleksiak: Overall, we have 11 currently.
Kevin Fallon: But in the original guidance?
Peter Oleksiak: The original guidance, we did have the 11 and this is either really related. So we had two incremental essentially projects come online. One of them was relocation and we potentially, may continue to do that over the near-term. The other one was an acquisition. So they both were in, what this is related to the timing of getting into these partnerships. So we're recognizing now and benefiting from the tax credit earnings. And when we get into partnerships, we’ll be benefiting from the near-term cash flow stream.
Kevin Fallon: And just last thing, the 5 to 7 earnings growth is off the original guidance, and that’s what we should be using as a base to project through the out years?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, I would say for now, that would be the best approach.
Kevin Fallon: And what is the original guidance?
Peter Oleksiak: It was a midpoint of 5.31?
Kevin Fallon: A midpoint of 5.31, that’s should we grow 5% to 7%...
Peter Oleksiak: And we just -- I know we have -- I don’t think we have it in our current presentation. But if you go back to the original guidance that’s the project, it really normalizes for weather at both of our utilities as well as for the REF. We’ll be giving you an update here at EEI in terms of our growth rate projection and how to think about that going forward. But for now, the best way to think about is our original guidance.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, that concludes our question and answer session for today. Peter, I’ll turn it back to you for closing remarks.
Peter Oleksiak: Thank you everybody for joining us this morning. And I definitely look forward to seeing a number of you here at EEI in couple of weeks. And once again, I think we have a really good message to tell and we’ll give you the updates, as I mentioned earlier. Until then, have a good rest of the day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Tuckfield - DTE Energy Co. Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co. Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co. Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.
Analysts: Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC John J. Barta - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research) Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the DTE Energy 2017 Q2 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Barbara Tuckfield. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Barbara Tuckfield - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you, Lisa, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone to read the Safe Harbor statement on page 2, including the reference to forward-looking statement. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP net income to operating earnings provided in the appendix. With us this morning are Gerry Anderson, Chairman and CEO; Jerry Norcia, President and COO; and Peter Oleksiak, Senior Vice President and CFO. We also have members of the management team to call on during the Q&A. Now, I'll turn it over to Gerry to start the call.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: All right. Well, thank you, Barb, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. So this morning, I will give you a recap of our performance for the second quarter, including some updates on a few key developments of the company. And then, I'll hand it over to Jerry Norcia, who will provide a bit more detail on our progress, particularly at our non-utility businesses. And then finally, Peter will provide a financial review, wrap things up, and then we'll take the Q&A. So moving on to slide 5, on the first quarter call, I said that we were off to a really strong start in 2017, and I will just reiterate that at the halfway point of the year. This past quarter was successful on a number of fronts for the company, including our financial performance. So, I feel very good about our financial results over the first half of the year. And based on those results, we are increasing our 2017 earnings guidance midpoint by $0.11 a share to $5.42. I also say that I'm confident in our ability to deliver on that increased guidance, and on our ability to continue to deliver similar results longer term. So, I think many of you are aware that back in May, we announced a sustainability initiative that commits DTE to reducing its carbon emissions by over 80% by 2050 with interim commitments to reduce levels on the path along the way to that ultimate goal. So this announcement was a defining event for DTE. It set the course for our power generation investments for many years to come. Interestingly, the announcement was really widely covered in the press with over 200 articles and publications nationwide picking it up. The sentiment of the coverage was very positive, and I'll talk a little bit more about the specifics of the carbon reduction initiative here in a few minutes. Investment in our utilities, of course, is central to the growth of the company, and we continue to execute our plan to invest both to transform our generation fleet and also to fundamentally improve reliability in both our gas and electric distribution operations. A commitment to minimizing the impact of those investments on customer rates is a key part of the plan, and it's critical to us continuing to be highly ranked in customer satisfaction amongst our peers. And in that vein, I'm proud to say that our electric utility ranked second in J.D. Power's Residential Customer Satisfaction Study that was announced earlier this month. And that marked a seventh consecutive year that DTE is ranked in the top quartile for large Midwest electric utilities, and we've improved our absolute customer satisfaction score every year for the past five years. Moving on to the non-utility front. As I said, I'll touch briefly on a few things and then Jerry will provide more detail. Our Bluestone Pipeline achieved a considerable milestone this quarter. The pipe is now delivering 1 Bcf of gas per day, which is more than three times the amount of gas it delivered five years ago, when we put the pipe into service. It was delivering 0.3 Bcf back then. So, we've seen quite amazing growth. And that growth at Bluestone has been driven by the quality of the reserves that it serves. And this growth gives us confidence in the potential for future expansions at Link and NEXUS, which we believe serve similarly strong geology and strong reserves. Moving on to a NEXUS update, I know many of you are interested in the progress and the timing of this project. So, before I get into that, and get into the timing, I'll reiterate what I said on the first quarter call, and that is that the precise in-service date for NEXUS doesn't materially impact our 2017, 2018 or long-term EPS profile. So, we want to get moving on the project, but near-term earnings are not the driver of that desire. So that said, as you know, the FERC quorum has not yet been restored. And as I said on the first quarter call, we expected a year-end 2017 in-service date if we received a FERC certificate by the end of the second quarter or sometime within reach of midyear. We also said on the first quarter call that if the FERC certificate wasn't received within that timeframe, then the project might push into 2018. Well, that's where we are now, with a in-service date in 2018. And Jerry Norcia will give more color on the FERC dynamics in a few minutes. But even though the process is taking longer than we'd like, we're still feeling very good about the project itself. We continue to make progress on the pipeline in the interim. So we have all the materials and equipment, nearly all the right-of-way easements, we're in the final stages of obtaining the necessary permits, and our construction contracts are in place. So to put it plainly, we're completing the steps that are in our control to complete during this period. And once we receive the FERC certificate, we will go immediately to work, and we will, at that time, provide a more precise projected in-service date. Moving on to our power and industrial business, a quick summary is that, we closed on a second landfill gas plant, and are close to finalizing the agreement on the large-scale central plant that we announced last quarter. And these projects, along with a landfill gas acquisition that we announced last quarter, will help cover the REF earnings roll-off that begins in four to five years. So now moving on to slide 6, I want to tell you more about the sustainability initiative and the carbon emission reduction goals that we recently announced. So, as I mentioned, we are committed to reducing carbon emissions by more than 80% by 2050, and that's the target and the timeframe that scientists have broadly settled on. So the slide shows our CO2 emission reduction plan versus 2005 levels. 2005 is the year everybody uses as the benchmark. We'll achieve a 30% reduction by the early 2020s, when we retire several coal-fired plants and start up a gas-combined cycle plant, a 45% reduction by 2030, a 75% reduction by 2040, when our final coal plant closes, and a more than 80% reduction by 2050. These reductions interestingly exceed the targets established by the now shelved Clean Power Plan. To replace our aging coal facilities, we'll add about 3,500 megawatts of natural gas-fired capacity, that will supply the 24/7 power and ensure reliability. The first of these gas plants is in motion now. So we have received several bids in response to our request for proposal for the acquisition of existing generation plants, and we're currently evaluating those bids. As we look also at a self-build option, and then compare the two to determine the best solution to meet the needs of our customers. And our final decision will be integrated into the Certificate of Necessity filing that will be made at the end of this month, so in a matter of days. We're also planning to construct on the order of 4,000 megawatts of additional renewable energy capacity over time. The next major renewable investments on that path will occur in 2018 and in 2020. As I said earlier, I believe this carbon reduction plan is a defining initiative for DTE. And I also believe that our sector more broadly would be well served to get out in front of the carbon issue and take it head-on. And I say this, because, ultimately, the transition from coal to natural gas and renewables and from oil to electricity in the transportation sector is one of the best and strongest growth opportunities that our industry has. And further, I'm convinced that we and the industry can pull off this transition in a way that maintains affordability, that maintains the currently strong competitive position of the U.S. energy complex. And I feel confident saying that, because the plan we've announced has been in the works for several years, and we have studied and modeled the transition very, very carefully. If there's anything we do at DTE, we run the numbers, and we're convinced that it can be done affordably. So, don't get me wrong, there are ways to go about this transition that could be expensive for customers. Other countries have proven that. Germany is a clear example. They blew it. But it doesn't have to be that way. And in Michigan, we're committed to going about this transition the right way to ensure that we achieve not only the sustainability goals, but the affordability goals as well. And with that, I'll hand it over to Jerry Norcia, who will give you an update on our non-utility businesses. Jerry, over to you.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Thanks, Gerry, and good morning, everyone. I'll be giving an update on the non-utility growth businesses, GSP and P&I. I'll start with GSP in our Bluestone Pipeline & Gathering assets on slide 8. As Gerry mentioned, Bluestone achieved a major milestone in the second quarter. For the first time, the system is delivering 1 Bcf of natural gas per day to the Millennium and Tennessee Interstate Pipelines. This landmark achievement is significant for a couple of reasons. It is an important achievement for our DTE team as they start – system started with initial capacity of 0.3 Bcf per day. And through a lot of work and multiple expansions, we have more than tripled the capacity in just over five years. The other reason is that it is clear sign of the abundance of low-cost natural gas in a region closest to the nation's largest gas markets, enabling to build of new natural gas-fired plants. Our Millennium Pipeline is moving towards completing an additional 0.2 Bcf per day expansion in the second half of 2018, bringing its total capacity to 1 Bcf per day. The success in our Bluestone and Millennium Pipelines gives me confidence that we will see similar results as we move our new projects forward. The Link Lateral & Gathering project continues to receive significant market interest. Key producers continue to bring on additional wells online, and other producers will soon be doing the same. This is consistent with our expectations and supports the positive momentum for Link. We're also in ongoing discussions with producers to fill and expand the pipe. Gerry provided an update on the NEXUS Pipeline. I want to reiterate that we are ready for construction with right-of-way acquisition significantly completed, and most of our permits received. As soon as FERC nominations play out, and we then receive the certificate, we will begin construction. Projects of this scope takes 7 to 10 months to construct. We will be able to be more specific about an in-service date after the first two items occur. We'll do that as soon as we are able to. Regarding the FERC nomination process, there has been good progress on that front as well. Neil Chatterjee and Rob Powelson have been approved by the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, both by a very strong bipartisan vote. The two nominees now await a final vote by the full Senate. Recently, President Trump announced his intent to nominate two more commissioners, Richard Glick and Kevin McIntyre, with McIntyre expected to serve as chair. Once approved, Commission will have five members, which is fully staffed. We see strong bipartisan support for the nominees currently before the Senate, and are hopeful the Senate will schedule a vote on at least two nominees prior to its scheduled August recess. So, again, once we receive our FERC certificate, we will provide a more specific 2018 in-service date. Moving on to slide 9, I'll give you a brief update on some of our projects we discussed on our first quarter call. We are excited about what's happening in the P&I space, and have made significant strides with our new project. We began operations with a landfill gas plant we acquired a few months ago. A second landfill gas project, the construction of a new plant is progressing very well. We signed a contract in May and expect the facility to be in-service in the first half of next year. As we previously mentioned, we are in advanced discussions for several additional landfill gas opportunities. The other project we mentioned was construction of a new large-scale central energy plant. This plant is expected to be in-service in the second half of 2019, and will provide a large industrial customer with both combined heat and power as well as chilled and hot water. This project received board approval from both companies, we are currently in the late stages of finalizing the contract. All of these projects fit really well within our P&I portfolio and help shore up our long-term growth plan, filling in earnings when a portion of REF earnings roll off in 2021. We continue to develop other opportunities and we'll provide updates on these projects as well as other projects as they progress. And now, I'll turn it over to Peter Oleksiak, who'll provide a financial update for the quarter.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Thanks, Jerry, and good morning to everyone. Let's start on slide 11. This slide shows our quarter-over-quarter operating earnings by segment. DTE had a strong second quarter driven by growth in our non-utility segments and unlike my Detroit Tigers who are struggling to hit the 0.500-mark and are rebuilding, DTE just keeps winning and outperforming. Operating earnings for the second quarter were $1.07 per share and for reference, reported earnings were $0.99 per share. For a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment including a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings, please refer to slide 23 of the appendix. Starting on the top of the page with our two utilities, DTE Electric's earnings were $148 million for the quarter, up $13 million compared to the second quarter last year. We've implemented new rates, which were partially offset by a return to normal weather in May this year. A further breakdown of DTE Electric's quarter-over-quarter results can be found in the appendix on slide 16. For DTE Gas, earnings were $1 million, down $12 million quarter-over-quarter, primarily driven by a warmer than normal April, higher rate base growth, and O&M related to benefit expenses, partially offset by new rates implemented last November. At DTE Gas, one thing we are seeing because of the last rate case is that the shape of earnings is different than what we have seen historically. As I mentioned on the first quarter call, earnings will be higher in the first and fourth quarter and lower in the second and third quarter, because rates are now more volumetric in nature. The third quarter will be most affected, where earnings could be lower by as much as $10 million to $20 million quarter-over-quarter, including base rate increases. This change in timing of earnings has no impact on our full-year results, and we are still on track to hit guidance for the segment. Now on to the non-utilities, our Gas Storage & Pipelines earnings were $40 million for the quarter, up $5 million over last year, driven by growth in our pipeline and gathering earnings. Moving down the slide, earnings at Power & Industrial Projects were $30 million for the quarter, up $13 million from the quarter last year. This increase was primarily driven by higher REF volumes at new sites coming online and steel-related earnings. Earnings for Corporate & Other were negative $32 million for the quarter, $9 million unfavorable versus last year, largely due to timing of taxes. So earnings overall for our growth segments in the second quarter were $187 million or $1.05 per share compared to $177 million or $0.98 per share last year. Rounding out our operating earnings, our Energy Trading business had a solid first half of the year. Second quarter operating earnings were $4 million. This is up $4 million from the first quarter (sic) [second quarter] of last year. And as always, we have an appendix on slide 22, our standard energy trading reconciliation showing both economic and accounting performance. So, let's discuss guidance on slide 12. As Gerry Anderson mentioned, based on our financial results for the first half of the year, we are increasing the midpoint of our 2017 EPS guidance by $0.11 from $5.31 to $5.42. Our EPS guidance range for DTE Energy now is $5.26 to $5.57 and $5.21 and $5.46 for our growth segments. Our guidance increases are indicated by the green arrows, and are driven by strong start of the year at our non-utility segments, which we believe will carry through the rest of the year. For our Gas Storage & Pipelines, we are seeing favorable results across all business platforms. At P&I, we are seeing higher REF volumes as well as higher steel-related earnings. As I mentioned, on the prior slide, Energy Trading business is off to a strong start. Now, I'll wrap it up on slide 13, then open the line for questions. Once again we had a strong second quarter. We're committed to transforming our generation fleet, and with our plans in motion to reduce carbon emissions by more than 80%. The strength of our utilities and the growth of our non-utility businesses gives me confidence, our management team confidence that we'll continue to deliver premium shareholder returns. And with that, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. So, Lisa, you can open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our first question comes from Mike Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: So, I just wanted to confirm that it looks like all of the increasing guidance is from the – mostly from the pipeline segments or mostly from the P&I landfill gas. Is that basically ahead of schedule? Is that why we're raising guidance at this point?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: You're talking about the increase we just gave in 2017.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: For 2017. Yeah.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Yes, it's for our both segments, for our Gas Storage & Pipelines segment. It is across the platform of businesses in both our gathering and pipeline, since it's had strong results which will carry throughout the year. And then for our P&I segment, it's a combination of steel-related, which is a coke battery volumes as well as REF volumes as well, which is tied to coal plants that we have our REF sites on.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And I think you mentioned that you're in talks to expand Link further with producers. Can you give us an indication how far along those discussions are? What point may you be able to discuss the natural expansion with some numbers around it?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: We're seeing the producers – it's Jerry Norcia. We're seeing the producers drill and fill their capacity positions, and we are on a number of conversations that could lead to an expansion. But we haven't secured any of those at this point. But we're feeling very good, both the volumes and the drilling ramp that we're seeing, and the reserves that these producers are drilling into. It's certainly proceeding well in line with plans.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: One thing to remember about that pipeline is it had capacity available for producers to expand into. So one of the key jobs was to fill up that volume, and as Jerry just said, we're feeling very encouraged by the pace of drilling and the level of activity in the area, and the growth we're seeing on the pipe.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And just to confirm also that we're still at 1.75 Bcf for the, it's the backlog of interconnect agreements, right, on NEXUS? Has that number changed, or are we still two-thirds contracted at this point?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Still two-thirds contracted, and, yes, the 1.75 Bcf of interconnect agreements is what we have.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Good morning, guys.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: So, just let me ask you a follow-up question on NEXUS. What's the inflection point on the additional firm capacity? So what I'm – I guess what I'm trying to get at is, do you – knowing what you know now, do you expect additional interconnection agreements to transfer to firm as you get a FERC certificate, or do you expect the additional demand-pull to come when you're well under way in construction?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: We've got – as you mentioned, we've got significant interconnectivity along the NEXUS Pipeline, that I think will yield more firm contracts. In terms of timing, a lot of the conversations are revolving around providing those potential shippers with certainty as when the pipeline will go into service. And I think the moment that we get a FERC certificate and we start construction, we'll start to move to close on some of those firm service agreements.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Excellent. And then, Gerry, I think we've discussed, you're pursuing a bit of a – some sort of a capital tracking mechanism on the electric side. Is there any status there, and when do you expect this study due? And then how does that sort of fit as far as your coal retirement and in your carbon reduction targets?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: So I think step one in working with the commission is work we're doing on a distribution investment plan. So we were asked by the commission to file a five-year look at distribution investments. And we took that as a very positive collaborative effort. They understand that we need to invest to modernize the system, to automate the system, to improve reliability and so forth, and it's a significant investment. So, the filing is really for them to understand it better and for the commission and DTE to be on the same page. That's step one. The second question is, how to fund that construction? And I think there is some interest on both sides for alternative mechanisms for the portions of that build that are straightforward and well understood, once the plan is well understood. But I guess I'd say, I wouldn't put the cart before the horse, so to speak. We want to get a good plan that's understood by the commission. And then if we can put a recovery mechanism in place that helps both sides, that's great; if not, we'll proceed as normal. I'd expect those sorts of discussions to be – about recovery mechanisms to potentially be playing out next year, after we work our way through the distribution plan this year.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Got it. And then in a successful, if you get a capital tracking mechanism under the assumption that it's something that's substantial, expect to stay out of a rate case for multiple years (25:17)?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Well, that would be one of the advantages, would be to spread out the time between cases and keep the cases focused on the things that really are out of normal, so to speak. So if we can have routine things covered in tracking mechanisms and the non-routine things covered in cases, that would be ideal. But, again, I think that's an agenda we'll work next year once we've got greater clarity on – an agreement on the investment agenda itself.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Terrific, guys. Thanks so much.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Crowdell with Jefferies.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Peter, sorry about the Tigers, but all you got to do is get hot in August, right? 8.5 games is not that bad. Just quickly on P&I, do the stronger expected earnings at P&I also go away as the REF credits expire, or is there a higher expected ending point when – what's that (26:17) 2021?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. Our REF units will expire in tranches, the first one is the end of 2020, so 2021, and the other one being 2022. So this is tied to those units and the credits that will expire in that timeframe.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Okay. So...
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: There's many additional (26:34) earnings in cash for us in the short-term, which is very positive.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Okay. More earnings in cash in the near term, but the uptick here also rolls off in 2021?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: That's correct.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks. I'm good.
Operator: We'll move on to our next question from John Barta with KeyBanc.
John J. Barta - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning.
John J. Barta - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Can we just talk about the – are there any drivers in the 3% or down 3% industrial growth here today or just some of the puts and takes there?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah, some of its related to the auto production. There is some retooling as they move over to new models, that's part of it. The other is the steel-related earnings, which we make very little margin on, were down quarter-over-quarter.
John J. Barta - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then just lastly, I didn't see mention of the 5% to 7% EPS growth rate, is everything still intact there or is it just kind of lumpy from year-to-year just given the last two strong years?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: We're still on track for 5% to 7% that's the plan.
John J. Barta - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Good morning. Gerry, I heard the other day that the Senate leadership was talking about putting all four of the nominees forward at the same time, even though only two have gone through committee. Have you heard anything like that or is it even worth wasting time in trying to figure out what's going on in the Senate?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: So I'd say a couple of things without wanting to be too specific. I'd say number one, we're very close to this. We've got not surprisingly many people who are working closely with our senators and with members of the Energy Committee and people close to the whole discussion. Second, I can tell you that the discussion is very active. So the Senate leadership gets it that there's the country's business waiting to be done as not only these nominees, but other nominees sit out there unconfirmed. So they get it and that has led to very active discussions about deals and approaches that could move things along, hopefully move things along in packages and so forth. But I guess I would say that the discussions are fluid, and I'm not going to try to be overly specific in terms of how it might play out. I think we've got to leave that to McConnell, Schumer and company. But hopefully I guess the last thing I'd say is, you'd be concerned if there was kind of radio silence on the other side as they dealt with some of the big issues that they're dealing with. That's not the case. Now the discussions are very active on this, and there's a lot of interest in getting this done, hopefully. And I think there is hope that that would be before the August recess, but if not quickly, after they come back in early September.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay. That's a pretty fair answer. Thank you. That's all I had.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: I wanted to go back – good morning. I wanted to go back to NEXUS. I know, you've already answered a number of questions about it. But is there any take away for NEXUS from what's going on with Rover? I mean, I understand that there are delays on that pipeline, but it seems like a shipper might feel a little bit relieved that the delays are happening, because they actually don't have enough gas to feed in that pipe. I mean, is this the same phenomenon for NEXUS, and how do you think about the project if you were not to sign any additional contracts besides what you already have?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: So, we're very aware of – this is Jerry Norcia, very aware of the technical issues that Rover is experiencing. What I will tell you that Enbridge/Spectra and ourselves have been involved in many pipeline projects and have a tremendous amount of experience in building pipelines, and we feel that we'll proceed in a way that's environmentally responsible and follow best practices in the industry. So, we have not in our past experienced these types of problems, and we don't expect to experience any of them on this pipeline either – our pipeline.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: That addresses any construction issues. But I'm asking more about contracting concerns, simply given that the drilling activities actually not that intense around the area?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: So we've got – our current commitments are underpinned 50% by LDCs, so it's a demand-pull, and our LDCs are actively in the region looking to secure supply. We have not had any issues in that regard. The other half of our commitments is from producers, and as we converse with our producers, they are prepared when we go into service to build the pipe.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: So we're not seeing issues on that front. I mean, you really asked two questions. Construction, and Jerry said, look, we built a lot of pipes in the past and we are planning to do it the right way. We're planning to do it in an environmentally responsible, well-planned way. And on production, they're going to put drilling activity in place when they need to, to meet their commitments on the pipe. They're not going to let a commitment on a pipe sit empty. So we are in active discussions. They plan to do that. And as Jerry said, we and the Canadian utilities are in active discussions to secure supply to fulfill our commitments and that's going well too.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And that is all the questions we have. I would like to turn the conference back over to Gerry Anderson for any closing or additional remarks.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: I'll just close the way I opened, which is to say the year is off to a really good start, halfway through, increasing guidance by $0.11. And as I said, I feel very good about our ability to meet that and our ability to continue the pattern of the 5% to 7% earnings growth that we've demonstrated, and we look forward to doing that for you. Thanks very much for joining us this morning. We look forward to updating you soon.
Operator: And that does conclude today's presentation. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Tuckfield - DTE Energy Co. Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co. Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co. Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.
Analysts: Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc. Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Leslie Best Rich - JPMorgan Investment Management, Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital Advisors LLC
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the DTE Energy 2017 Q1 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Barbara Tuckfield. Please go ahead.
Barbara Tuckfield - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you, Kim, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone to read the Safe Harbor statement on page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP net income to operating earnings provided in the appendix of today's presentation. With us today are Gerry Anderson, Chairman and CEO; Jerry Norcia, President and COO; Peter Oleksiak, Senior Vice President and CFO. And we also have members of the management team to call on during the Q&A session. And now, I'll turn it over to Gerry.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Well, thank you, Barb, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us on the call. So I'm going to start this morning by giving you a recap of our performance in the first quarter, including some updates on a couple of key developments at the company. And then I will hand it over to Jerry Norcia, who will provide a more in depth look at some of our growth opportunities. And then Peter will run through the financials, wrap things up and then we'll move into Q&A. So, moving on to slide 5, if you had told me back in January that we would face the largest most damaging windstorm in our company's history in the first quarter and that we would also face the third warmest winter in our company's history, with both January and February, two standard deviations warmer than normal in Michigan; I would have considered the odds of us being right on track with our earnings to be very low, but that, in fact, is where we are. We are right on track to delivery on our earnings per share guidance. One quarter into the year, we are off to a very good and strong financial start. Now, you may ask how does that happen? I know I found myself asking that. I'll give you two explanations and both of them are accurate. So, the first explanation is that while our utilities were impacted by the storm and the warm weather, other parts of our business portfolio, gas storage and pipelines and power and industrial, for example, both of which were up significantly quarter-over-quarter, and our corporate center, those portions of the company picked up the slack. And when Peter reviews the numbers, you'll see that that in fact is the case. Second explanation is this. Our leaders and people at DTE have become very good at dealing with the unexpected and this pattern goes all the way back to how we handled the economic crisis, but the pattern has strengthened over time. And here's a big part of the explanation for that pattern of dealing well with the unexpected. I received our most recent Gallup survey results on Monday. Gallup measures the engagement of our workforce, which is really about where their energy and their focus and their heads are. And Gallup ranked us in the 97th percentile of their database, the top 3% in the world, a highest we've ever been at DTE. So when your leaders and your people come to work with that sort of energy and focus, they tend to surprise you to the upside and that's what happened in the first quarter here at DTE. I will talk more about the large storm we experienced in a minute. That was a big event for us and our customers. But in other news, we filed an electric rate case last week. So as I've mentioned in the past, we are working our way through a long-term transformation of our utilities to address aging infrastructure. And we will be investing heavily over the next decade to transform our generation fleet and also to modernize our distribution system through automation, redesign and upgrades targeted at improving reliability. As we do with most things, we're taking a very systematic approach to this slate of investments. We are developing a detailed roadmap that ties our near-term actions and investments to long-term results and we're leveraging both our continuous improvement model and the use of new technologies to drive productivity. And our goals are to make the necessary generation and infrastructure investments, in the process, significantly improving our customers' experience, while simultaneously driving substantial increases in productivity that will be required to maintain customer affordability. Moving on to our gas storage and pipelines business, or GSP, this business line is off to a very strong start in 2017 and is showing really good year-over-year growth. Not surprisingly, the question we most often get asked about GSP centers on the in-service date for the NEXUS Pipeline. So let me just start with the punch line. The in-service date for NEXUS does not impact our 2017 earnings guidance. It won't affect our 2018 earnings guidance and it has no impact on our long-term 5% to 7% earnings per share growth rate guidance. In the short run, earnings tied to AFUDC are traded against earnings-tied operations and that tradeoff is not consequential. And in the long run, moving the start date of a pipe a few months is not consequential to long-term earnings either. Now, that said, we will begin construction of this pipe just as soon as FERC reestablishes a quorum and approves its certificate. And what is consequential is that until the project is approved, a $2 billion shovel-ready infrastructure investment project with all of its attended benefits for the local communities of Ohio and Michigan and Ontario, a project that's a provider of thousands of jobs remains on hold. And as most of you know, the Trump administration has yet to formally nominate new FERC commissioners in order to reestablish the quorum needed to get the project moving. We understand the three potential candidates have been undergoing a vetting process for the past month or longer. That continues to be confirmed. We anticipate an announcement could come at anytime relative to those candidates, although we have not been advised of a specific date. We continue to understand that the White House and Senate leaders are in regular discussions about this and we expect those discussions to pick up now that the Senate is back in session again after their recess. And we are still targeting NEXUS to be in service at the end of this year. That being said, where in-service date moved to 2018, as I said earlier, we're only talking about a few months. So moving on to the Link Pipeline and gathering assets that we acquired late last year, I continue to feel really good about this asset and its addition to our portfolio. We recently renegotiated contract with a key shipper on Link, which was a positive development for us. And we are continuing to have similar really productive conversations about growth opportunities with other shippers. And Jerry Norcia will talk more about those developments in his comments in a few minutes. In the power and industrial business, I talked about some interesting things happening on the landfill gas front a few months ago on the year-end call. And now, I can tell you that we are moving to purchase two landfill gas projects. We just closed on one of those deals this past Monday. And the second transaction is in motion and moving through detailed final steps as well. And as you know, we will be replacing the REF earnings that begin to step down in 2020 with other P&I projects. So these new projects that I just mentioned, combined with the larger-scale onsite energy and combined heat and power project that I also discussed on the year-end call, those projects together will deliver a significant fraction of the earnings needed to achieve the 2020 earnings target for power and industrial. And again, Jerry Norcia will go over these projects in a bit more detail in a few minutes. So now, I want to move on to slide 6 and give you a little color on the recent windstorm and how we handled that. As I mentioned, this was the largest weather event in our company's history with hurricane-like winds gusting to nearly 70 miles an hour for 12 hours. It's very unusual pattern for Michigan. We usually get a wallow wind that goes through and comes and goes in a relatively short period of time. Because of this sustained wind pattern, we unfortunately had 800,000 of our customers left without power. That's nearly 40% of our electric customer base, which tells you just how significant the windstorm was. Along with a full contingent of our crews, DTE brought in crews from seven states surrounding us to assist in restoring power. And before I discuss that effort to restore power, I just want to mention how much we appreciate the patience and cooperation of our customers during the restoration period. We know how difficult it is to our customers when they lose power. So, we put all of our energy into restoring that power as quickly as we could. And I have to say, the storm was a great example not only of our employees, but of our customers and the community working together for a common goal. And along those lines, I'd like to join our Governor, Rick Snyder and our MPSC Chair, Sally Talberg, who in the wake of the storm praised the utility workers for their tireless effort to keep our communities powered and our residents safe, and especially for their work in that storm. I really am proud of our employees, and also the out-of-state crews who helped them, and the round-the-clock work that they did in a really historic event for us. So throughout the storm, we deployed over 3,000 linemen and support crews. I have to say that our recently installed smart meter technology proved to be invaluable in detecting and tracking outages and helping us to quickly lay out a plan of attack for restoration, big change in improvement. We were able to restore 70% of our customers, 70% of that 800,000 within two days, and nearly all of our customers, 96%, were restored within four days. So, we're really proud of that. A broad group also pulled together to help those who were most vulnerable. So we worked closely with the United Way, the Red Cross, and with faith-based community in our region to make a whole array of warming centers available, because temperatures began to drop immediately in the wake of the outage. So, we learned a lot from this event. We'll be better at it the next time we face a similar event. The storm certainly reinforced the need for us to continue to make investments in strengthening our distribution system, to prevent future outages and to improve speed of restoration in another outage of this scale, should it come. So with that, I'm going to turn things over to Jerry Norcia, who will go over some of the developments in our growth businesses. Jerry, over to you.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Thanks, Gerry, and good morning, everybody. Today, I'll be focusing on the non-utility growth businesses, GSP and P&I. I want to give you a brief update on developments with new and existing projects. We'll begin with an update, what's happening at GSP on slide 8. So, let's start with the Link Lateral & Gathering system we purchased last year. Even though we've owned this asset for less than a year, the market interest has been very positive, and the near-term shipper activity is coming in sooner than we anticipated. Recently, renegotiated an agreement, as Gerry mentioned, with a key shipper that increases their volumes by more than double, and also lengthens the duration of their contracts on dedicated acreage that is more prolific than originally anticipated. This particular agreement requires an incremental capital investment that was contemplated in our plan. Now, the really great news is that we're seeing this type of favorable producer response on neighboring acreage as well. We will continue to work with other shippers to extend and firm up the contract terms. For the NEXUS Pipeline, as Gerry mentioned, we're still targeting an in-service date by year-end. If we get a FERC certificate in the second quarter, we feel confident about getting NEXUS in service in 2017. If the certificate drifts deeper into the summer, this project may push into early 2018. And as you know, we purposely planned a path for the pipe through Northern Ohio where we would have a number of interconnect agreements that can provide an additional load of up to 1.7 Bcf per day and have drop-off points south of Dawn, Ontario. So, we continue to feel really good about the pipe and its dynamics. Now, moving on to the Millennium Pipeline. Last month, Millennium received a favorable environmental assessment from the FERC for its expansion. Now, this is an important step as we move forward towards completing the additional 0.2 Bcf a day of transportation capacity providing service to New York. This expansion is scheduled to be completed in the second half of 2018. Another project we want to highlight is a new 14-mile natural gas Lateral Pipeline in Birdsboro, Pennsylvania. The Lateral will connect the combined cycle natural gas plant for the Texas Eastern Pipeline. We expect the pipe to be in service in the second quarter of 2018. And along with the Birdsboro Pipeline, we're in advanced discussions with other counterparties for similar growth opportunities. These were all meaningful steps in continuing to grow our GSP platforms. So now let me turn to our P&I business on slide nine. At P&I, we've been talking about strategic opportunities recently. As Gerry mentioned, we have two new landfill gas projects, and a project that includes the construction of combined heat and power plant. First project is an acquisition of an operating landfill gas plant, which we just closed on earlier this week. Second project is in advanced stage development landfill gas project that includes construction of a new plant. All of the permitting and right-of-way is complete and we expect to be operational on the first half of 2018. Both sites have existing contracts and we use technology and equipment similar to our other landfill gas facilities. So these are really great fit for us, especially considering the extensive experience our P&I group has in the landfill gas recovery with 19 operating sites in eight states. We believe these new acquisitions are a sign of future opportunities, and are looking at additional opportunities similar to the two just announced. In addition, we have a combined heat and power plant project we're working on and feel really good about. We participated in the selection process and we were the selected party. We still have details to work through, but are expecting approval in the middle of this year and should be able to announce something later this year. These landfill gas project when combined with the CHP project will fill around one-thirds of the new projects needed at P&I to achieve the 2021 earnings target. We'll update you as these projects progress. And now, I'll turn it over to Peter who will provide a financial update for the quarter.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Thanks, Jerry. And good morning to everyone on the call. I'm going to start on slide 11. This slide shows our quarter-over-quarter operating earnings by segment. As Gerry mentioned up-front, DTE is off to a great start, just like my Detroit Tigers who are currently in first place and has scored 32 runs in the last two games. Operating earnings for the first quarter were $1.79 per share. For reference, our reported earnings were $2.23 per share. And for a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment including a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings, please refer to the slide 23 of the appendix. Now, let's touch on each segment in details starting at the top with our electric utility. DTE Electric's earnings were $106 million for the quarter, down $21 million compared to the first quarter of last year. The lower earnings were mainly driven by significant weather events that affected the electric utility, and as Gerry mentioned this quarter, we experienced the largest wind storm in our company's history. And this was the third warmest first quarter on record, warmer than the first quarter of last year. O&M expenses were higher related to planned outage projects in addition to some timing that we expect to reverse as we move through the year. This is partially offset by the implementation of new rates last August. A further breakdown of DTE Electric's quarter-over-quarter results can be found in the appendix on slide 15. Moving down to DTE Gas, earnings were $107 million, up $20 million quarter-over-quarter primarily driven by the new rates implemented last November which were offset by the warmer weather. Keep in mind, as well that the infrastructure recovery mechanism surcharge was rolled into base rates in our recent rate case. This will drive some variability in the revenue timings due to moving from a consistent monthly surcharge to a volume-based recognition of these rates. Meaning, for 2017, revenue will be higher in the first and fourth quarters and lower in the second and third quarters due to this timing. Gas storage and pipelines earnings were $45 million for the quarter, up $15 million over last year due to the higher pipeline and gathering earnings and some timing of expenses. We expect the timing favorability reverse through the balance of the year and this timing was roughly $5 million. Moving down the slide, earnings at power and industrial projects were $30 million for the quarter, up $9 million from the first quarter of last year. This increase was primarily driven by higher REF volumes and fuel-related earnings which were offset by lower renewable earnings. Our power and industrial segment is still on track to meet its earnings guidance for the year. Moving down to earnings for the Corporate and Other, there were $16 million for the quarter, $23 million favorable to last year due to a third quarter 2016 accounting, as well as timing of taxes. The accounting change was around $13 million for this quarter and related to simplifying GAAP accounting for taxes on stock-based compensation. The timing of taxes, this favorability will reverse through the balance of the year. Earnings for our growth segments for the first quarter were $304 million, or $1.70 per share compared $258 million, or $1.43 per share last year. To round out our operating earnings, we include the results of our energy trading segment, and they were off to another strong start. The first quarter operating earnings were $18 million, up $2 million from the first quarter last year, and we have our typical reconciliation of operating to accounting in the appendix on slide 22. Their economic contribution was $19 million for the quarter, and on track to achieve the annual economic earnings of $20 million to $25 million. Remember there was seasonality in this business, and we typically waited until later in the year to assess the trading company's accounting incomes contribution before we update guidance. Now, I'll wrap it up on slide 12, and then open it up – the line for questions. Once again, we had a strong first quarter. Even with the record weather event and good amount of unfavorable weather, I'm confident that we'll achieve our 2017 operating EPS guidance of $5.15 to $5.46 per share. Our utility investment approach remains focused on improving reliability and the customer's experience while maintaining affordability. The strength of our utilities and the growth at our non-utility businesses gives me confidence that we'll continue to deliver premium shareholder returns. With that, I'd like to thank everyone for joining this morning. So, Kim, you can open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning, Paul.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning. Good morning. Could you give a little more detail about the accounting change and how that will flow through the rest of the year? And I noticed you didn't change your corporate guidance. Was that kind of change contemplated when you gave that guidance originally?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: So, I'll turn to Peter. And then he mentioned two items. One was some tax where there's timing and the other was an accounting change, where that change will be a permanent add to earnings. But Peter, why don't you.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. Paul, the accounting changes, the accounting standard (22:07) third quarter last year we're really seeing the impact of it this quarter as the interchange related to the full recognition of tax benefits relates to stock-based compensation. In the past, this was split between income statement and the balance sheet. Now you're seeing the full amount in the income statement.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Did that answer the question for you, Paul?
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Yes. It did. Thank you very much.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: You bet.
Operator: And moving on, we'll hear from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning...
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: ... Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Excellent. So couple of questions here. First, let's start with the utility side. Obviously, with the electric case here. I wanted to follow up on any potential expansion of distribution opportunities. I know you all, the commission has been discussing it for a little bit, potentially enhancing some of the distribution reliability metrics. Can you talk about that little bit? I know, Sally has talked to it a little bit on the MPSC side.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Well, I'm in a little trouble hearing you, but I think you're asking about our distribution investments and enhancing our distribution metrics through those investments. So I would say, if there's any area that we're strategically focused on here at the company, in terms of investment right now, it's probably that. We have the opportunity, I think, to strengthen the system, automate the system and harden the system in a way that really will improve our ability to withstand events like the one we just experienced and to generally improve our customer reliability experience. But we've learned from other companies who've gone through this cycle that there is some very significant productivity improvements that come with this. So, we're spending a lot of time working our way through the agenda. We're talking about it actively, and as you suggested, with the Public Service Commission. So I think they understand the priority and the state of replacing infrastructure. And so I expect it to be a collaborative process. And that's paired up, as you know, with a generation investment agenda that I think is pretty well defined at this point. So with the generation agenda defined, we're really now diving into exactly the question you raised. But let me know, Julien, is that answer what you were looking for?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: I'm just being curious, is there any kind of follow-up that is anticipated with the commission through the course of the year vis-à-vis your distribution in the CapEx and any expansion of it? I just wanted to clarify that more than anything.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: All right. Jerry Norcia is been here for those discussions. I'll hand that to him.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Julien, there is follow up in our last rate order, the Commission asked us to file a five-year plan for our distribution business. And so what we're doing right now is working with the Commission staff prior to that filing, and exchanging our thoughts with them. And so in the fall, we will file a formal five-year plan, and that will start to eliminate what some of our detailed plans are. And I think the Commission wanted this, because we will be in regular rate cases, and they want to, to the best of their ability, to be supportive of our agenda with our distribution business.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. Outside of improving reliability overall, is there anything specific that this five-year plan will be addressing? Just a little bit of color ahead of time if you have any sense yet?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Well, it will certainly look at the capital plans that will be required, right? So, I think there'll be financial descriptions of what we're trying to accomplish. But I think what you'll see is, what Gerry mentioned, I think you'll see tree trimming be a big part of the agenda. I think you'll see automation and sensing devices at our substations as well as on our circuits. And I think you'll see modernization of wires that are old, poles that are old, substations, breakers, transformers, all of that will be described.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Excellent. And then turning to the other side of the business here on the midstream side. Obviously, you articulated some pretty robust targets last year when you did your latest acquisition. How do the latest expansions that you just discussed reconcile with the ongoing kind of growth in the – sort of through the 2020 period, you originally articulated UG (26:32) how are you tracking relative to that growth plan?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: So, the start is ahead of our pro forma. That's always a good thing. But we did, as you mentioned, in our long-term plan, had a significant step-up in our earnings related to this acquisition and I would look at what we've seen early on here as a contribution to those long-term earnings, although the contributions come faster than our pro forma had suggested.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. So, on plan to be clear?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: On long-term plan, ahead of short-term plan, right. That's the way I would look at it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Excellent. Thank you, gentlemen.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Gerry, just on the CHP project, the one that's now on slide 9. I just want to clarify, is that the same one you talked about last quarter or a different one?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: No, that's the same one we mentioned on the year-end call, and it's both a CHP project and a significant onsite energy project combined with it. And yes, that's the same one, continues to move its way through engineering detail and board approvals on both sides. So as soon as we've got specific approval to move ahead, we will fill you all in.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And what are you – how has it progressed since February, I guess? Has it moved forward or is it sort of still at the same stage?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: It has moved forward. We are in what I would call detailed contract negotiations, and both parties expect to take this to their boards before the end of the second quarter.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Actually, we've done that and the other side has got a board meeting scheduled. So, we expect it to go in their second quarter meeting. Yeah, the stage we're in now is detailed engineering work.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: And we're expecting it to progress.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And if I remember correctly, I think you said last call that you'd need maybe three projects of that type of scale in order to hit your targets and then you have some other smaller things filling in around the edges. So, I was curious, is that still sort of the right way to think about this? Or do the landfill deals change the big picture at all?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Well, I think that it's still the right way to think about it. We do think there will be more of these landfill deals coming, and we're working on a host of them. So, there'd probably be a part of the picture that's going to be that filled in. But yeah, I think the description we gave back on the year-end call is still accurate.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And anything to report on landing the other two sort of big ones?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Do you want to take that one, Jerry?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: We continue to work a portfolio. But let me give it to Jerry, who's close to that business.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Sure. I think the second one will come here shortly. I think we're in the process of finalizing that deal. And we're also looking at a slate of other projects that we're in discussions with parties, but not as advanced.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then, just if I may on the – you gave the update on Link. Do you have a contract percentage update that you can share or an NBC component or anything like that?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. So, we're up a bit. We have talked about the 80%. We're up a bit versus that. This moved us north a bit.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you, Gerry.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Gregg Orrill from Barclays.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes. Thank you. Is it possible to quantify the impact of the storms at DTE Electric that you experienced in the quarter?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: When you look at it from a quarter-over-quarter, it's approximately $20 million after tax of storm expense.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And we have a question from Anthony Crowdell from Jefferies.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Hey. Good morning. Peter, we're not up to baseball yet. We still have hockey going on this city.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: (31:17) in 25 years so.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: And Jerry Norcia, I'm assuming you're a Leafs' fan. You guys put up a great fight there.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Well, I grew up in Windsor. So I am a Red Wings fan and have been forever. But I am watching our old coach, Babcock, real closely over there. He's done a heck of a job.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: He has. Moving us even more exciting on DTE Electric, just on, just kind of familiarize myself with the Michigan proceedings. Are there designated settlement windows during the case and what parties do you need kind of to get a settlement there?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: You're talking in our electric case?
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Yes. Please.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. There aren't designated windows. We've sometimes attempted settlements, but the general course in electric cases is, they've simply run their course. And unless, we're surprised, that's what we'd expect here. We think it will be a pretty straightforward case tied to investments and infrastructure and so that would be our expectation. It's the, by the way, the last case that we'll play out under the former construct of 12 months with a six month self-implementation. So we would be expecting we'll self implement six months into the case.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Great. And on NEXUS, you had said that, I guess, you're talking about the AFUDC earnings component of the pipeline. Could you quantify what that AFUDC component would be if the pipeline got pushed into the following year? What would be the impact this year?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. We typically will not give project-level of income. But I can let you know the AFUDC does kind of approximate the income for the project once it goes in service. That's why there's really not a big material impact 2017, 2018.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Greg Gordon from Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Hey Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Hey, guys. Can you hear me okay?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. We can. Good morning, Greg.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Good morning. Can we go back to the comment you made about the potential increases in productivity associated with accelerating distribution investment because I've been having conversations with a lot of investors about the surge in appetite for distribution spending, not just with you specifically but with a lot of your peers across the country. And a lot of investors are very, very concerned with the affordability sort of quotient of what that means for customer bills. I think, in the past, you've talked about and tried to quantify the – sort of the net impact on customer bills at least qualitatively from updating your network and putting in new circuits and how that can have a positive impact on costs in ways that mitigate the customer impact. Can you talk a little bit about that, please?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. So, why don't I talk about it? And then Jerry Norcia may have some additional comments because he's working very closely with our team on this whole agenda. So, look, there are companies who've moved in to distribution renewal essentially because they were forced to, because they had a significant sort of life-changing weather event. And they and their commissions got together and said, this isn't going to happen again. We're going to renew, harden, automate and change our distribution system so we don't experience this. We've been benchmarking a lot of those people. And what you see is that, as you renew and automate your distribution system, a lot of what we spend money on, so tree trimming, reactive maintenance, store maintenance, broke and fix, really goes away. And so you really do – you do have the ability to trade the benefits of a new system, as well as an automated system which allows you to reduce the number of truck rolls and so forth. You're able to trade those. Now, the exact amounts and timing of that are significant, but we're really working our way through what our agenda is going to look like and the timing of it. And therefore, when we'll be able to realize those benefits. And you said, investors are worried about affordability. Well, I've said repeatedly, if there is one thing that we're focused on at this company, it's affordability. And that's just not a slogan. We really mean it because we know that we've got to work our way through this in a way that works on a price – from a price perspective for our customers. And so, if you make the distribution investments and don't harvest the productivity opportunities that come with it, you really missed it and we're not going to miss it. So, Jerry, any additional insights you'd have?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: I would just support those thoughts that really what governs our capital agenda in the distribution business is affordability. So we'd lead with our interest of our customers first which is affordability and reliability. And the inventory of distribution investments really does exceed our affordability goals. So, that's how we're building our investment agendas. We're setting an affordability goal along with the set of reliability goals and trying to fit that all together. If we find that our productivity – we're able to accelerate our productivity improvements, then we will have the opportunity to accelerate our investment agenda in the distribution business because the inventory is very large.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: So just a little back, I don't think we're ready to come out with specific numbers related to the productivity. Yet, we're still driving end of those. We have a feel for the scale, but the absolute timing and so forth we need to work our way through the timing of the agenda. But as I said, if you go back and trace companies who have done this well and their experience over time, they're real.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: You'll find our cost structures are very, very good once they've gotten through that investment agenda.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Does that answer your question?
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Yeah. I think it's – well, it's a great start. We look forward to seeing more data on this. I think it's – not to beat a dead horse, but it's an issue that where I'm hearing increasing questions about that I don't think a lot of people have good answers on and very hard in numerical sense.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you, sir.
Operator: Michael Weinstein from Credit Suisse has our next question.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, guys. How are you doing?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Fine.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Good. Thanks.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey. Good morning. Hey, I was wondering if you could talk about the strategic benefits that NEXUS enjoys over the TransCanada main line, especially in light of their successful open season recently. And how – is there room for three pipes going into this region, or is it going to be a situation where only two win?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. I'll pass it to Jerry Norcia.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: So let me start with two pipes, our pipe NEXUS and Rover. Just for clarity, those pipes connect to our Vector Pipeline which we own with Enbridge. And those two pipes are really displacing existing supply into the Vector Pipeline. We are not expanding the Vector Pipeline into Dawn. So there's been a notion that NEXUS and Rover are going to flood the Dawn market and that's not going to happen because we're going to displace supplies coming in from Chicago which really come from Western Canada. So it's really a displacement, Western Canadian gas. And it's my expectation that NEXUS will be much more competitive to deliver volumes that are sourced 250 miles away in Pennsylvania and West Virginia than volumes that are sourced from 3,000 miles away in Western Canada. I know that TransCanada has made a proposal to highly discount their rates. I think the prospect of that happening will be determined by regulators both in Ontario, Quebec, as well as the National Energy Board. I think there'll be a lot of discussion around that.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: The other thing is that – so, Jerry was clear. We've been asked this question many times on what NEXUS and Rover had been bringing a lot of incremental volume? The answer is no. It's a displacement. So, we've seen the volumes – Western Canadian gas volumes from Chicago all de-contracted as we contracted up Marcellus and Utica volumes from Ohio and geographies nearby. So those two don't bring any incremental. There's probably some of that dynamic going on with the TransCanada pipeline as well, although we're not inside that one, but they have contracts rolling over as well and so they're trying to manage their portfolio. And as Jerry said, this will be a complex approval process because there're a lot of shippers and there's question of treating all shippers equally and so forth. So they'll work their way through that, but we don't expect it to be a quick process. So, all that said, I meant what I said at the outset. When we get the FERC approval, shovels go on the ground and we start building. And we're really confident this can be a great addition to our portfolio.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Right. So maybe it'll be fair to say that as long as NEXUS comes in service first, which looks like a good possibility, especially if it takes a long time to get mainline approval on their re-contracting, then it would be TransCanada's project that would be more at risk, right? Yeah, in terms of – since they would be the last to the party, so to speak.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Well, I think shovels will certainly go on the ground and NEXUS well in advance of TransCanada having that whole picture cleared out. But they're sourcing from different suppliers and they're dealing with their own dynamics on that pipe. So, I'm not going to speak for them or their dynamics. I'd simply say that we have a set of shippers and we have good discussions going on with additional shippers. We got a lot of volume, we think we'll bring from Ohio. We think this is going to be a great pipe to deliver our storage to other markets. NEXUS will be delivered storage from Michigan outbound to other markets. So we really just don't see it contingent on these dynamics on TransCanada. And so, as I said, when we get approval here in the coming weeks, we'll start building.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Just one last question on this. Is the remaining one-third that has yet to be firmed up, is that going to be firmed up at short-term contracts as you get closer to completion, and then, eventually termed out to longer term, is that kind of the plan?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: We're working on terminals out long term. There may be some short-term contracts, but primary objective is to get those contracted out. We are working with a handful of parties. I think as we see construction start on this pipe, it's our belief that we'll start to see these conversations firm up into contracts.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Morning, Shar.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning, Shar.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: So, just – most of my questions were answered. Just if there is some sort of a delay with NEXUS. Can you just remind us if there's any of these interconnection agreements that could expire? Is there any negative impact to those if there's a delay?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: No, none of the contracts will be affected, the contracts we have on the pipe. And the interconnection agreements in Ohio, we've signed a deal down in Northern Ohio, but a lot of those are going to play out as the pipe goes into construction. That's just what history shows. Those move when the pipe moves.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. And then – I'm sorry.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: No, I'm just going to say that we have been asked, do any of your contracts to customers have options? The answer to that, no. They're all firm and firm for a long time.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. And then, just lastly, it sounds like the sticky point we're getting some of this interconnection agreements to firm has been the fact that you just haven't put a shovel on the ground.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: We've gotten one of those shippers to go firm and go long-term on two of those interconnects, but I think we will see a lot more of that activity go firm once the pipeline starts construction.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. Great. That was terrific. Thanks.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Leslie Rich from JPMorgan.
Leslie Best Rich - JPMorgan Investment Management, Inc.: Good morning. I just have a couple timing-related clarifications. So, Peter, I thought you said the accounting charge, the benefit from the accounting change for stock-based options would reverse later this year, or did I mishear that?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: No, they will not. They're permanent difference.
Leslie Best Rich - JPMorgan Investment Management, Inc.: They're permanent, okay.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Yes. It's going to income statement versus the balance sheet.
Leslie Best Rich - JPMorgan Investment Management, Inc.: And then you said something in gas storage and pipeline, you said there was some timing of some expenses that benefited in the first quarter, but that...
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: With the maintenance-related expenses of approximately $5 million after tax.
Leslie Best Rich - JPMorgan Investment Management, Inc.: And then you expect that will flow through later in the year?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: That is correct.
Leslie Best Rich - JPMorgan Investment Management, Inc.: And then, finally, on the REF earnings and then lower renewable earnings, do you have any further color on what drove that?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. The REF, we saw our capacity factors at some of the plants were up above – really above plan in quarter-over-quarter. And then we had some sort of the same thing, but in reverse on the renewable side, we had some capacity factors that were down a bit there, so there was a trade.
Leslie Best Rich - JPMorgan Investment Management, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And moving on, we'll hear from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning. How are you?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Great. Thanks.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning. Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Most of my questions have been answered, but could just maybe give us a little bit more color as to what you think is holding up the FERC nomination?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Well, if you could go all the way back to the beginning, there was a lot going on early in the administration, right? So we were hoping that – if you recall the first quarter call, we were hoping they'd move a single candidate. I think they had a right for single candidate, but they chose not to. So, once they got around to getting their arms around the FERC appointment process, they decided to go with a slate, and a couple of the members of the slate didn't have their background checks and clearances, so they've needed to work their way through that process. And that always takes time. You wish you could – you wish and you kind of think it would be done quickly, but it isn't. It just takes weeks to get done. And then the Senate's been on recess here recently. They just came back. So, we're waiting and the word we get – the word we're getting, we're staying close to this as positive, that they are moving the candidates, the vetting process is happening, that the dialogue in the Senate between Murkowski and Cantwell is active and constructive. McConnell's informed and involved in the dialogue. The dialogue is back and forth with the administration. So, I think the signals are all constructive. It just takes time. It's the way things are moving in Washington right now. By the way, I think what we're hearing from the Democratic side on this one is that they understand the importance of these projects to jobs and moving the economy along. So, it appears that they'll play a constructive role in the confirmation process as well.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great. And then just on the landfill gas, could you give us a flavor – I apologize for it, but just in terms of what the gas production outlook on the average landfill – I mean, maybe – I'm sure it's different from project to project, but how long do these – how does the production of landfill gas – so what's the lifespan of that if you know what I'm saying, or the RP kind of like...
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. They can be very long lived, 30 years or more. So, they go way beyond kind of the typical contract life, and they rise and then have a gradual decline over time. But in a lot of these, they also are continuing to grow in scale. So sometimes you'll see them rise for a couple of decades and then decline.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Andy Levi from Avon Capital Advisors.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital Advisors LLC: Hey, guys. How are you doing?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Good. Thanks.
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning, Andy.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital Advisors LLC: Just a kind of follow-up on Leslie's question. So, on the Corporate and Other, just to understand, I guess it's a tax benefit that will stay, is that what you're kind of saying?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: That is correct.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital Advisors LLC: If you can quantify that and maybe I missed it. Can you quantify how much that is on an annual basis and how that changes your guidance that you gave in 2017 for Corporate and Other?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: It's $13 million after tax was the income that pull through (49:19). And the amount is larger than we're contemplating at this point in guidance, but we also will take that in consideration.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital Advisors LLC: But that's – I'm sorry, is that $13 million an annual number?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: It would be the annual.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital Advisors LLC: Okay. And that stays, or does that move around based on the stock price?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: It'll move around a bit. Really, the difference here is the stock price and the date of grant versus the date of issuance. So that three-year window, that price change will flow through. So you may see a little bit of changes through the year, but we issue in the first quarter, so that's where you're going to see basically the majority of the improvement flow through.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital Advisors LLC: Okay. Well, what's the – is there like a standard, like a number for it, or like a FAS, whatever?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: (50:18) if that is a standard number. I don't know, there's a standard number. Really, it depends upon how your share price moves from the date of issuance to three years down the road. And so generally, over the past – if you take the past five, six years, our share price has been moving up. This would have been consistently a positive for us. On the other hand...
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital Advisors LLC: Yeah, it has been moving up.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: ...up in the other direction, it could be a negative. But as long as we keep performing and share price keeps responding, it generally would be a positive.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: And this is also something we can ask and predict, so we'll put a part of our financial planning process.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital Advisors LLC: Got it. So then the $64 million – the negative $64 million to negative $60 million for 2017 guidance, we should add $13 million to that? That kind of – that's the new guidance for Corporate and Other?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: It's some contemplated in the original guidance. This is higher than we are anticipating, given the stock price movement.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital Advisors LLC: Got it. Okay.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: We'll update overall guidance later in the year.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital Advisors LLC: Okay. And then the second question I have is just on the P&I, the landfill gas, the two investments there. Can you – I didn't see it anywhere, but that doesn't mean that it's not there. How much the new investment is on a dollar amount and what type of returns are you – should we assume on that?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. I think that's something right now since we're in deep discussions with our counterparties. We're not going to disclose at this point in time.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital Advisors LLC: Okay.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: We always face this when we've got multiple negotiations with counterparties on similar projects that we don't want to get into investment amounts of returns because parties are always trying to do cross tabs between their discussion with you and other projects you're doing. So I don't mean to be opaque, but it doesn't service when we're having these sorts of negotiations.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital Advisors LLC: No, no, I apologize. I had in my head that they were done deals, but, okay. So, once they are done, we'll get more details on them, I guess.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. We can update you on what the segment looks like as we get more of these sort of played through.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital Advisors LLC: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Kevin Fallon from Citadel.
Unknown Speaker: Hey, you guys. How are you?
Jerry Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Good. Thank you.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning, Kevin.
Unknown Speaker: Just a question – to follow on Andy and the P&I contribution. You said it's supposed to be about a third of the roll off in 2021. I think the last time you guys put out a slide, you showed like a $30 million whitespace box. Is that the rough magnitude that you guys are aiming for, is that the right connection?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: So, we did communicate a $30 million roll-off. And if you look at our plans, we also have a $10 million growth over this period. So we're looking for – it'd really be about a third of the $40 million number, a little more than a third is what these projects would contribute to that $40 million.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. That's helpful. And then, in terms of NEXUS, the filings they've made at FERC, I think they were looking for a 60% equity ratio and a 14% ROE. Is that what you guys are booking AFUDC on and is that the right contribution in terms of a run rate for 2018 and 2019?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: AFUDC does approximate the operating income for the pipeline.
Unknown Speaker: So, you guys are – it's the 14% and a 60% equity ratio?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Yes.
Unknown Speaker: Okay.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: And when you look at the AFUDC, it's a pretty standard calculation as you go through and what you're seeing is approximately there.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. All right. That's helpful. Thank you very much.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And we have follow-up question from Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: As you initiate these productivity initiatives, do you think it's going to be meaningful enough to change your rate case cadence?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: I think we'll still be in regular rate cases, but it has to change the amount, right? So, companies that are going through fundamental infrastructure renewal without driving productivity are going to be some big asks. And our goal, we're going to still need to be in rate cases, but we just need to moderate the size of the ask and that's our goal.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And that's all the time we have for questions today. Speakers, I'll turn the conference back to you for additional or closing remarks.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Well, I want to thank you all for joining us this morning. And I'd just reiterate what I said at the beginning of the call. One quarter in, I feel really good about the way things are progressing so far this year, not only on this year's earnings but on a number of the projects and investments related to future growth. So we look forward to providing you updates as we move our way through the year. Thanks again for joining us.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-09 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Tuckfield - DTE Energy Co. Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co. Gerardo Norcia - DTE Energy Co. Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co. David Slater - DTE Energy
Analysts: Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Brian Chin - Credit Suisse Group AG Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc. Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the DTE Energy 2016 Year-End Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Barb Tuckfield. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Barbara Tuckfield - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you, Lynn, and good morning, everyone. I would like you to read the Safe Harbor statement on page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the Appendix of today's presentation. With us today are Gerry Anderson, Chairman and CEO; Jerry Norcia, President and COO; and Peter Oleksiak, Senior Vice President and CFO. We also have members of management to call on the during the Q&A session. And now, I'd like to turn it over to Gerry.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Well, thanks, Barb. And good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. This morning, I'm going to give you a quick recap of our performance in 2016 last year, and then I'm going to hand it over to Jerry Norcia, who will review our long-term growth update. And then, Peter will review the financial highlights. He'll also provide an overview of how tax reform affects DTE and then we'll wrap things up and take it to Q&A. So we have a tremendous amount to be proud of at DTE as we look back at 2016. And I'm going to start with a quick recap of our accomplishments on slide 5. So our ability to sustain success over the years has been built on the foundation of our employees. Employees who are committed to bringing high energy every day when they come to work and employees who are willing to do what's needed to deliver on our commitments to you, our investors, year after year. Our ability to deliver to you is a culture that we've built here. And so it's no coincidence that the two achievements that I'm actually most proud of in 2016 both involve our employees. We had the best safety record in our company's history last year by a wide margin, a big beat on safety. And look, safety is always a top priority in a company like ours, but it's also a great leading indicator of your employees' level of focus and their discipline. We also achieved our highest employee engagement score ever. We placed in the 93rd percentile of the top 7% of Gallup's worldwide database in 2016. That's measured across millions of employees and thousands of workplaces across the globe. It was our fourth consecutive year for earning the Gallup Great Workplace Award. That's an award given to only a handful of companies worldwide and we remain the only utility company ever to receive it. Moving on to customer satisfaction, we rank second in the Midwest for both gas and electric residential customer satisfaction. So, our focus is on being number one in those rankings. So, we'll go back to work on that. Our biggest lever for getting that number one ranking remains improving electric reliability. And so with that in mind, we have been making significant investments in recent years to improve electric reliability and those investments have been paying off. We had the best electric reliability for our customers in over a decade in 2016. And our future plans continue to include significant investments to build on that progress. And Jerry Norcia will give you an update on our details regarding infrastructure investments in general in just a few minutes. Now, moving on to the political and regulatory arena on slide 6, we continue to work hard to earn and deserve a constructive regulatory environment here in Michigan. And this year, we received two rate case orders and those rate case orders allow us to continue to upgrade and modernize our infrastructure, make our investments in cleaner generation and improve reliability for our customers. I would tell you as we work our way through that investment slate, we're also very, very focused on managing customer affordability. On the legislative front, Governor Snyder singed Michigan's Energy Legislation into law back in December. And I think the legislation is a positive step forward for the state. So the legislation supports our transition to cleaner energy sources and it also includes provisions for ensuring reliability from all energy suppliers that are in the mix in Michigan. The legislation contained a number of provisions related to retail open access, so the 10% cap was maintained and under certain conditions the cap can be reset below 10%. Importantly, alternative providers must prove that they're able to meet their capacity obligations. And if they're able, they will need to pay a capacity charge. We also have a new rate case cycle, so rate case orders will be received 10 months after filing. And this replaces the prior 12-month cycle with the associated self-implementation process. The legislation also establishes new renewable energy standards. So, there is a requirement of 12.5% by 2019 and 15% by 2021. We are well on our way to satisfying those requirements, as we already generate over 10% from renewable resources. And we added two new projects in 2016 and we have 150 megawatt wind investment approved and ready to go for 2018. And by the way, utilities can also now own 100% of these renewable investments, which is a change from the 2008 legislation. So overall, we are happy with the legislation. I mean, no legislation is ever perfect, but this legislation does support the transformation of our generation fleet to cleaner resources and it does address an important reliability issues for the people of Michigan. Moving on to financial results and our growth and value creation, in 2016, we announced our plans to retire 11 coal-fired units and our plans to build roughly 1,000 megawatt gas combined cycle unit. We also had successes on the non-utility front. So we completed the second largest acquisition in the company's history, the Link Pipeline acquisition, which complements our existing Gas Storage & Pipeline portfolio very well and that acquisition provides us with another significant growth platform in the pipeline arena. Regarding our NEXUS pipeline, we achieved a number of important milestones in 2016, including moving forward with a host of engineering and procurement activities and receiving the final environmental impact statement. We were disappointed that we didn't receive the final approval for the project last Friday. We really thought that we would because the project has its staff work complete and it is ready to go. But what we've learned is the FERC worked through the queue that they had sequentially by filing date and they simply ran out of time on Friday at midnight, before addressing NEXUS. So we've received a number of calls into our IR area about what this means for us and so forth. So I think I'll just address those questions now. So the typical timeframe for confirming a new FERC Commissioner is about two to three months. But we'd like to think that the fact that the FERC lacks a quorum for the first time in its history will result in the process moving along more quickly than that. And we will certainly be one of many parties that are urging the Senate to move things along quickly. That said, here's how things work for us. Once FERC does reestablish a quorum and issues an order on NEXUS, we will move forward with construction. And we have a variety of construction scenarios that get us to a fourth quarter 2017 in-service and which scenario we trigger depends on the timing of the order and the instruction start date. So bottom-line is, if we get a certificate on a reasonable timeframe for approving a new Commissioner, we move ahead and we put the pipeline in service in 2017. And we're going to move ahead under any circumstances. That said, given the lack of a FERC quorum, we'd like to think the administration and Senate will move quickly on this. And I was encouraged to see Senator Murkowski, who Chairs the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee and governs this nomination process, I was encouraged to see her come out with a statement on this. And just to quote her, she said she committed to make it a top priority to work with President Trump and her colleagues to move the nominee rapidly to reestablish a working quorum on the Commission. And then lifting our heads up to look beyond the next few months and to look beyond 2017, we continue to believe that NEXUS is going to be a great long-term investment for the company. In our recent discussions with potential additional shippers, both LDCs and producers, certainly support that thinking. Turning on to slide 7 and talking about our financial results, you can see that the results in 2016 were strong. Our operating earnings were $5.28. So this marks the 10th consecutive year that we have exceeded our original guidance for the year and, in fact, we exceeded it this year by a wide margin. During the course of last year, we increased our EPS growth target range to 5% to 7%. It had previously been 5% to 6%. And our communication of this new range was tied to our ability to limit equity issuances, which allows for minimal equity dilution. It was also tied to firming up our midstream opportunities, including our new Link acquisition and it was tied to our continuing investments in utility infrastructure. Our 2017 guidance of $5.31 a share is up 6.5% versus our initial guidance of $4.93 given a year ago on this call. So that $5.31 essentially internalizes into our 2017 guidance the strong weather upside that we saw last year. And that guidance for 2017 also calls for continued healthy growth at our Gas Storage & Pipeline business this year. In addition to setting new EPS growth targets last year, we also increased our 2017 dividend by 7.1% and communicated that we're targeting annual dividend increases of about 7% through 2019. So the 2017 dividend increase, which is approved by our board of directors, signals a vote of confidence in the company's current financial strength. And we certainly recognize the importance of our long history of dividend growth and the role it plays in delivering premium shareholder returns. And along that line, the combination of our efforts to both grow the company's earnings and increase our dividends has resulted in total shareholder returns that have been in the top quartile of the S&P Utilities Index for the past 1, 3, 5 and 10-year periods. And given the way that we're positioned entering this year, I have to tell you I feel really, really good about our ability to add to that record in 2017. And to give you a little more color on why I feel that way, I'm going to turn things over to Gerry Norcia for an update on our long-term growth plans. Jerry, over to you.
Gerardo Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Well, thanks, Gerry, and good morning, everyone. I'll start on slide 9, which lays out what our capital investments look like over the next five years. Over this time period, we will invest $13.5 billion of capital, up 12.5% versus the prior five years. As you can see on the right side of the page, a big piece of that will go into our electric business, almost $8.5 billion. This will fund the generation transformation and distribution infrastructure improvements that Gerry just mentioned. On the gas front, we have $1.8 billion of investment plan, much of that is related to infrastructure renewal including gas main replacement, and we do have some capital related to the NEXUS project. At the Gas Storage and Pipelines business, we have about $2.5 billion of investment over the next five years that will go into the expansions of assets and the construction of the NEXUS pipeline. For our Power and Industrial business, our investment is about $800 million for co-generation and on-site energy projects. Now on to the next slide, which provide some more detail on our electric distribution investments. So we're on slide 10. We have a sizeable distribution system, about 45,000 miles of distribution lines and over 400,000 distribution transformers. Most of that was built and completed between the 1940s to the 1970s. And as the infrastructure ages, its performance have started to deteriorate and there is a need to invest in and modernize the systems, which is something that our customers are expecting and we will provide for them. Our quality reliability, as Gerry mentioned, is one of our largest gaps in terms of customer satisfaction. We'll have to continue to focus on upgrading circuits to improve reliability, substation redesign, avoid system overload, remote monitoring capabilities to detect outages and our enhanced tree trimming program to eliminate outages. In the distribution system, we're along on investment opportunities. Our challenge will be to manage affordability for our customers. However, we do believe these investments will be accompanied by substantial cost decreases and productivity increases over the next decade. Our gas utility is also entering a period of significant investment to better serve our customers and renew our aging infrastructure, as I'll discuss on slide 11. We're focusing on accelerating the replacement of our aging cast iron and unprotected steel pipe. We have approximately 4,000 miles of that in the ground today. We've reduced our main replacement time horizon by half to 25 years from our original base of 50 years and we're always looking for ways to continue acceleration through productivity enhancements and efficiency enhancements. At the same time, we're automating and moving meters outside to reduce cost along with our electric meters. And finally, we continue to invest in pipeline integrity to strengthen the system and decrease the potential of system failures. Now, I'll move on to our non-utility segment, the Gas Storage & Pipeline business, which starts on slide 12. Our activity over the next few years at Gas Storage & Pipelines are focused on expanding our growth platforms. As Gerry mentioned, we expect NEXUS will move into service in the fourth quarter this year. Our Link assets have been a great addition to the Gas Storage & Pipeline portfolio. Even though we've only owned the assets for a short time now, the initial market interest is very positive. Near-term shipper demand is greater and coming sooner than we anticipated. Actually, if the current shipper interest materialized into contracts, we wouldn't have enough pipe capacity to handle it with the current configuration. And we're actively working on our renegotiating contracts for longer terms and increasing volume commitments. Investments like these ones I've just described will enable us to continue growth in this segment at a very healthy pace. Now, I'll turn it over to Peter Oleksiak to discuss the financial update and implications of potential tax reform. Over to you, Peter.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. Thanks, Gerry, and good morning to everyone. I'm going to start on slide 14. Gerry mentioned 2016 came in strong with earnings of $948 million or $5.28 per share. For reference, our reported earnings were $868 million or $4.83 per share. And you can find the detailed breakdown of EPS by segment including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings on slide 27 of the Appendix. Overall, our growth segment operating earnings were $923 million or $5.14 per share. Now, let's touch on each segment in detail, starting at the top with our electric utility. DTE Electric earnings for the year was $622 million, and $60 million higher than 2015, driven by warmer weather and rate case impacts. We invested some weather favorability into customers-centric reliability projects and which we do when we have upside with a warm summer. We also self-implemented a rate increase on August 1 that supports the infrastructure improvements we have made since the last rate order. A more detailed year-over-year earnings variance of the DTE Electric segment can be found on slide 20 of the Appendix. DTE Gas 2016 operating earnings of $138 million was $6 million higher than 2015. And this increase was driven primarily by self-implementation of a rate increase in the fourth quarter and the gas main replacement surcharge. The rate increase and surcharge were offset by warmer weather. For the Gas Storage and Pipeline business, operating earnings were $127 million in 2016, which are $20 million higher than 2015. This increase is across the portfolio of business lines, mainly the pipeline and storage platforms. Operating earnings for the Power and Industrial business were $95 million and at the same level as 2015. Rounding out our growth segments in 2016 is our Corporate and Other segment, which was $11 million unfavorable compared to 2015. And this was due to a tax adjustment related to the acquisition of our Link assets and our Gas Storage and Pipeline business. Energy Trading had operating earnings of $25 million in 2016, which is up $10 million, driven by higher realized power and gas results from prior year multiyear transactions accruing in 2016. Overall, our trading company contributed $40 million of economic income in 2016, which is well above our targeted annual level of $20 million to $25 million. Main sources of value from this business unit is the cash it generates, which has averaged $50 million per year over the last 10 years, offsetting the need to issue equity. Slide 26 of the Appendix contains our standard Energy Trading reconciliation, showing both economic and accounting performance. Overall, DTE's earnings of $5.28 per share was $0.46 higher per share than 2015. Let's move on to our 2017 guidance on slide 15. Our guidance for operating earnings is unchanged from the earlier outlook we provided you at EEI. We are targeting an operating EPS range of $5.15 per share to $5.46 per share in 2017 and total growth segment guidance is $5.12 to $5.38. And as Gerry mentioned, this provides a 6.5% increase from our 2016 original guidance midpoint and this is at the high end of our new EPS growth range of 5% to 7%. Supporting this growth are infrastructure investments that enhance reliability at both utilities and returns from investments of our Gas Storage and Pipeline segment. We provided what we believe to be a conservative guidance for Energy Trading as we expect income to accrue into 2017 from multi-year transactions. Slide 24 of the Appendix shows our cash and capital guidance for 2017 just as a reference. Even though we're expecting to invest nearly $2 billion in our utilities, we're again targeting zero equity issuances this year. I feel very confident that we'll be able to achieve our earnings targets we have set for this year. Turning on to page 16, before we get into questions, I'd like to talk to you about how tax reform could potentially affect us. First, I want to give a shout out to all the CFOs before me who have been stressing this complicated issue in their year-end calls. We know that investors have a keen interest in understanding the impact of DTE on potential tax reform. And given all the moving pieces and how early it is in the legislative process, it is really premature to give precise numbers on the impact of tax reform. And having said that, there are key elements of the tax reform package we have been analyzing. And I wanted to share with you today how those elements affect our portfolio of businesses. The key design elements of the reform are reduced corporate tax rate, the potential loss of interest expense deductions and a potential for 100% expensing of capital investments in year one. I'll first take you through our utility and our non-utility businesses, then I'll talk at a high level about the implications on a consolidated basis. For our utilities, when you look at the impact of our lower tax rate, it'll be positive for customers and shareholders. At a 20% tax rate, there is $1.7 billion of deferred tax liability re-measurement. And with normalization and refunded customers over the remaining life of the assets that created the benefit will provide good savings and some more rate affordability. Now, this refund of cash will be replaced in part by incremental equity infusions into our utilities. And there's also reduction that customer bills for the current taxes expense, these reductions will be netted with the cost increase from losing the tax shield on interest expense. There is a potential to backfill some of the net savings for customers with reliability infrastructure investments because we have a significant backlog of distribution reliability investments, which are being paced by affordability considerations. This incremental investment could and would result in improved customer satisfaction and additional earnings in cash. It would be good for both customers and shareholders. As a reminder, with a 100% capital expensing, there is only a timing benefit to our customers versus interest tax rate deduction, which is a permanent loss of value for our customers. And that's why (22:49) advocating preserving the interest deductions. Given the significant bonus depreciation taken in recent years, both our utilities are in a tax NOL position and customers will see no benefits to the 100% expensing over the next five years. And shareholders will see no impact on the incremental equity levels of utilities related to new capital spend. For non-utility subsidiaries, tax reform will be positive for shareholders. The lower end of tax rate more than offset the expense of interest for losing the interest tax deduction. It's also a deferred benefit related to 100% capital expensing that would flow to the bottom line. What makes us a bit distinctive from other companies is that we have a good portion for our holding company debt which is backed by profitable non-utility businesses. And for the holding company which houses parent company debt, there'll be a negative impact. If interest is not tax deductible, there'll be some impacts from the rate change with a loss of interest rate tax shield will flow to the bottom line, irregardless of the rate. The lower the tax rate will have a negative impact on our holding company if interest is still deductible, since the tax shield is lower. Also, given the low cash taxes currently paid, there'll be less cash flows from utilities, which would put some pressure on the balance sheet metrics. On a consolidated DTE level, the non-utility earnings increase will offset the loss of the tax shield on the holding company debt. Equity and earnings increases at our utilities from replacing deferred income taxes and new capital backfilling, the tax rates will be a positive flow on a consolidated basis. In summary, at this early stage of development, we do not believe that tax reform proposed would modify our 5% to 7% operating EPS growth and we also believe it could have some benefits to our customers. Now, I'd like to quickly wrap it up on slide 17 and then open the line for questions. Once again, we had a very good year on 2016. Our employees continue to bring their best energy to work every day with our focus on engagement and safety. Our utility investment approach focusing on value-driven projects is enhancing the customers' experience while maintaining affordability. We remain focused on working to grow infrastructure regulatory environment and the strength of our utility and non-utility business gives me confidence that we will deliver the growth that we've committed to 2017 for our shareholders and beyond. So before I could turn it over to the operator for Q&A, I have to mention that our Tigers' first sprint training game is a short two weeks away. And I guess for those on the East Coast who are hitting a snowstorm today, a little hope is on the way with spring. And I'm really feeling good about our chances in 2017. With that, we can take your questions. So, Lynn, you can open the line up for questions. That'd be appreciated.
Operator: And we'll take our first question from Michael Weinstein. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, good morning.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: So on NEXUS, just wanted to confirm that you're still at two-thirds subscription at this point and does the delay in approval affect that all? When do you expect to fill up the rest of the remaining one-third?
Gerardo Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: So this is Jerry Norcia. Thanks for the question, Mike. We can certainly build the pipe based on the schedule that we're on right now and have a significant amount of interest from LDCs and producers that we're working on to fill out the balance of the pipe. And, yes, the pipe is still currently two-thirds subscribed.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: If I read your question just as a follow-up to that, does it change it all? No, the shippers that we have are committed to the pipe through the contracts. And I think what Jerry is implying is that we're in some very interesting discussions right now with LDCs and shippers about additional volumes. So we continue to feel good about this pipe and its dynamics. If you look at our experience in recent years with our assets in Pennsylvania, the Bluestone project, and now what we're experiencing with Link, when you get a pipe in a great region, demand seems to come at you faster than you expect once you've got those assets in place ready to serve the market. That's what we found in Pennsylvania. We've expanded that pipe over and over, and the initial work we're doing down at West Virginia with our Link assets is very encouraging as well. So we expect the same experience here because the resources both Utica and Marcellus around the NEXUS pipeline are first-rate resources. They're great resources.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: I mean, just to be clear, you wouldn't be announcing an expansion of the extra 1.5 Bcf or 0.5 Bcf expansion until after construction is finished on this first 1.5 Bcf right?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yes. Correct.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning, Julien.
Gerardo Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: So perhaps just to follow-up on the same subject here. What's the latest point in time this year that we can get that FERC approval to make sure that you hit this 4Q 2017 timing?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: So what we were trying to communicate is that if we go along on a reasonable timeframe, we're going to move into constructing period this year. But any reasonable window, we've got flexibility in the schedule to complete in the fourth quarter. Now, obviously, you can't push this thing out forever. It's fourth quarter project. So if they get into a substantial delay beyond what would be normal, we would adjust the schedule, move into it and take what came. But our expectation is, given the pressure on this and the lack of a quorum, they're going to move to the short end not the long end of this. And, with that, we're just fine.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: So basically, if I just make sure I hear you right, I mean, any time through the end of the second quarter would be sufficient for you to complete the constructing activities to meet your 4Q construction target, or is there a specific date that we -?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: I don't think we have a specific date. As you might expect, you got a construction schedule and we're moving around parts and pieces on that. What defines it is there are environmental windows you hit. So when I say we're moving parts and pieces, essentially come back to those areas that have environmental requirements later and work around it. And so I don't know that we're out communicating an ironclad date, it really – we're really just going to look to when we get that. We've got a lot of flexibility in the construction schedule. I think the highly likely scenario is we get this in a reasonable timeframe and put it in 2017. But in reality, this is a pipe that's a 40-year pipe, so what happens with a few months at the front-end is not that big a deal.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And just to expand on that a little bit further. With respect to the existing contract agreements that you have, is there some specific date at which you need to get the project in service, be it 4Q 2017 or at some point in 2018? Just want to understand at what point they have some optionality.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Do you want to take that one, Jerry?
Gerardo Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Sure. The contracts that we have certainly accommodate this front-end delay and our customers would remain committed to us.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Okay. So there is some latitude built in?
Gerardo Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Yes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then just to follow-up, if I can, on the other side of the house, the renewables. Obviously, we've got the legislation in the quarter, you discussed it on the call. To what extent does your current CapEx budget reconcile with the new 21% target there in the five-year window?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: So I think we're working through that in the IRP process. Through 2018, I mentioned on the call, we have a pretty substantial investment, 150 megawatts of wind. We put in 100 megawatts this past year. So we were moving in that direction. But we need to work now into the IRP process that was included in the legislation to determine the actual timing and mix that will bring in that renewables on. So I don't want to get the cart ahead of the horse, so to speak. But I think it is – if you were to say, is this going to put more renewables in the mix, then might have been the case under a different IRP or without the requirement, I think the answer to that is yes. So this will add a healthy mix of renewables to our investment over the next five years or so. But the specifics of that, we're going to file – work our way into the IRP process this year and we'll be getting details out in the actual investment timeframe as we do that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Sorry, just a quick detail there. What does the additional 150 megawatts you talked about get you in terms of the RPS? I mean what percent?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: I probably I've to get back to you on the details, but I guess it's somewhere in the 11%s. So we're working to 12.5% by 2019 and 15% by 2021. That will put us somewhere in the 11%s.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you guys, very much.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: You bet.
Gerardo Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Greg Gordon. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Hey, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. So just not to beat a dead cart before a dead horse on the NEXUS pipeline, if we wind up being a quarter delayed, two quarters delayed, and I'm not saying that that's at all even remotely the base case, there's no risk to losing shippers on the pipe. It would just be timing on when you'd start to generate earnings and cash flow.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Correct.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay, great. Thank you. Pardon me, if you answered this in the script, because I was a bit distracted earlier. But in the IRP process, at what point will we get a sense of whether or not you're going to need more steel on the ground in terms of traditional capacity to deal with the return of customers or from – the demand for capacity from retailers because of the new capacity framework in the law?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: If I'm reading your question, when will we know if we need to be responsible for covering the capacity for customers that might come back?
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Correct.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. Well, so the Commission's going to go through a process this year of establishing a supply reliability mechanism they call it, which is really this charge. And then, over the course of the balance of this year, they'll set out the process under which that supply reliability mechanism will be implemented. And then, in the first quarter of 2018, about a year from now, alternative suppliers need to inform the Public Service Commission of their supply plan and they need to submit proof of capacity. So that's about a year away. And then, if they can't, then we're into discussions about how we would cover that and their payments to us for covering the capacity that they can't serve. So, I think as we play out over the next year, that'll become clear.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: But that doesn't give you much time to plan or invest in making sure that there's incremental capacity actually available, should there be. So you'd have to cover that short position, theoretically, with either existing capacity or go into the market. And my understanding is there's really only two power plants in the state that are really available for significant incremental capacity needs. One of them already has a tie into PJM, and the other is DIG (35:07). So are those the only two options, if you wind up being really net short at the last minute with no ability to plan?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. So one of the realities of transitioning from an environment that we had before, which was there really were no reliability requirements for alternative suppliers, to a future environment where they have clear reliability requirements because you got to go through a transition period. So you're right, there's a period of a couple of years here where we're going to see whether they can or can't, and if we get load coming back to us, we've been clear with our regulators that we're going to do everything we can to make supply available from our resources. We'll contract with other resources. We're just going to have to do everything we can to work to get reliable supply for the state. And then to your point, as years go by, your flexibility to invest in assets and contract with other assets goes up. So, yes, a couple of years of transition here where we and the state are going to be working our way into this and doing the best we can to make sure that we've got reliable supply.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. Last question and it's on your disclosures on discussion on tax. Thank you for that. It's extremely useful. When you think about that the sensitivities – and clearly, obviously, there's 1 million permutations off the base case you've laid out. But when you think about the sensitivities in the base case group within the 5% to 7% growth target, and you talked about the reduced cash flow impact from lower taxes at the holding company putting pressure on the metrics, does that mean that you might tilt back into needing to issue equity to fund your growth? Or do you feel like that the holding company could absorb more leverage to continue to fund uses of cash? Or is that really not the case, because you're also assuming no interest deductibility, so your lowest cost of capital would be equity?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: I'm going to hand this one to Peter because he has been engineering to look at these scenarios.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: I've been chin deep probably or not.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. And he's deep. Although I would say that we kind of headed into this year with the notion that this was going to happen fast and there were specifics being put out there. But as you talked about other industries and people on the Senate, there's a sense that like is usual. This issue is complicated. There's lots of competing interest. I think the Senate's inclined to go more slowly. So we're not getting overly whelmed up with particulars and specifics right now. We're trying to gauge first order effect, second order effect, sorts of things. But with that, we have been looking at it carefully. So, Peter, back to you.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. And, Greg, I said a lot of words in my prepared remarks, but maybe a way to think about it simply is I have parent company debt, but I have profitable non-utilities, right. So depending on interest rate deductibility, it could be – we're seeing it, our non-utilities really kind of support if we lose the interest rate deductions on all debt. And if we don't (38:24) they could be a potentially positive. So it's probably neutral to positive. And our utilities over time, as we're refunding the customers cash under deferred liability, that's going to get backfilled by equity. So that's going to definitely help shareholders. And we see, with the rate affordability, the potential to do some additional capital spend that'll be beneficial to customers. And that's going to basically increase earnings and cash over time. So it's really – I would say, it's kind of timing issue. When you think about our utility and the holding company cash, I really anticipate that we'll have. And if we do issue equity, it probably would be related to we do additional capital spend in our utilities to kind of backfill some of the rate affordability.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thank you, guys. Good results. Congratulations.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Paul Ridzon. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: You kind of just touched on it, but the language impact is manageable kind of suggest downside risk here. Am I reading that wrong?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: You're talking about taxes?
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Yes. I'm sorry.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. No, it's not meant to imply that. So here's what I'd say on taxes. What I asked the team to do is, look, we communicated 5% to 7% earnings target. If these taxes flow through, are we still confident we can deliver that earnings target? And the answer to that is yes. We've seen nothing here that would suggest we have any concern about that. But you do get flows in and out, so it's good for our non-regulated business in terms of their earnings, their parent company impacts. Peter just described the flows in and out at our utilities. And when we put all that together for the company, we come out and say that 5% to 7% feels good to us.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: So given your business mix, I assume you'll prefer the House language as opposed to the Administration's language?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: You're saying – so can you clarify the question? You're saying we'd prefer to have -
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Well, the House is, the Administration is you had this either or in terms of the interest rate deductibility for the 100% capital. So, we like that language. We like to have the option to preserve the interest rate deductibility.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Jonathan Arnold. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, guys.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Morning, Jonathan.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I apologize for asking that last questions in a slightly different way, but I had the same impression. When you net everything together, although you obviously still feel good about 5% to 7%, do you see the scenario that you put on the slide as one that would push you down in the range as opposed to up, or it's basically a neutral?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: I think Gerry has mentioned kind of the first order impact, when we ran these scenarios, what's fundamental to our growth rate is the capital we're spending across our business line. So when we ran a variety of tax scenarios, some were maybe slightly positive and some slightly negative, but did not fundamentally change the growth rates that we saw.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Well, thanks for clarifying that. And then, if I could, on the P&I segment, obviously, in the EEI update, there was a good amount of talk about the things you're going to go after to fill in the white space there. Is there any update in terms of which areas you feel you're going to have traction on at this point or is it a little early yet?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: So we do have a project in the P&I business where we have – and it's a nice project where we have been chosen as the counterparties to negotiate the final agreement with the counterparty that we like. So we're working our way through that process. That project is going to be reviewed with our board and so forth. So we've got to work that now from being chosen to finalize an agreement to a final agreement, but we hope that one will happen this year. Assuming it does, it'd be a nice addition to the portfolio there.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And would that pull, Gerry, into the sort of utility like bucket?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. Our long-term contract would involve combined heat and power and some very interesting investments in other things like a big geothermal system and so forth. So, yes, it would involve a very long-term contract at a site of a good counterparty. And so we're hoping that that one is landed and moves forward this year.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And how many sort of projects of that type of scale would you need to sort of fill in the ask you have in the outlook?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: You mean – well, let me just take it. As you know, we got to step-down in 2020 of our REF earnings. And we'd need probably three like this of this sort of scale to offset that. We also have some interesting things happening actually on the biomass front in that business that I think will be contributors to what I just mentioned. It's a little different project type, but we're having some good activity there. So, we would need two to three of the type I just mentioned and the biomass playing to that as well.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And then if I remember right that you'd probably need maybe another two or so to deal with the 2022 incremental step-down in REF. Is that about right?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: That's correct. We'd need more projects of this scale out there.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then, just can I maybe – I'll just ask one more thing on NEXUS and you've been come to this two-thirds contracted level for a bit. And I apologize if you referenced this. I missed the front of the call. But do you think, for the negotiations you referenced, shippers and LDCs going to wait for this final approval or do you think there's a chance that you could have something to announce on that sooner?
Gerardo Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: I think that what we'll see is like in our other platforms, like Millennium, Bluestone, and the Link acquisition, as we come closer to being in operation with this pipeline, is I think when we'll start to see a significant amount of activity and closing of these deals. That's our expectation.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you, guys.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Anthony Crowdell. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Hey, good morning. Just a couple of quick questions. I guess, Gerry, on the NEXUS front with the construction schedule, how many miles a day is reasonable in order for you to get this pipe online by year end? What's the reasonable expectation in construction?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: I'm going to turn that to the guys who are closer to the construction schedule. I don't know if we've got miles a day on the tip of our tongue. But it's a – the pipe itself is how many miles?
David Slater - DTE Energy: Yeah. We have – this is David Slater speaking. We have 250 miles to construct in greenfield construction. And again, we want to do that as quickly as we can as soon as we get the regulatory approvals. So, we can do the math here. I'm doing the math in my head here. You divide that with the months up by the miles and it's multiple miles a day. So...
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: It's been quite some time since I've built a pipeline. Is multiple miles a day a reasonable expectation?
David Slater - DTE Energy: Yeah.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Okay.
Gerardo Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Yes, it is. We'll have four spreads of 700 men approximately spread. And getting multiple miles per day is pretty standard in the industry. So it's not that we're stretching that in any way.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: These things go in. It's pretty amazing. You think that they – a $2 billion project, 250 miles goes in, in months. That's what happens.
Gerardo Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Yes.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: When you put this thing into the construction process, it flies. So yeah, that's what's anticipated.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Great. And on tax reform, do you guys think that's more of a 2018 event or it occurs in 2017? I know the Trump administration has been moving fast with a bunch of items. But do you think tax reform lines up more with the mid-term elections or is it something you believe happen in 2017?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: I don't know that we're deep enough to make a call on that. I will say we've been in discussions with our delegation and with people in the Senate and have listened closely to others who are. And I know that the House wants to move quickly, but I think the Senate, from the signals we're picking up, is more cautious. I had a conversation with one who said, look, we've got to be really careful that we don't run an experiment with the world's largest economy. We need to think about some of these and make sure we understand their impact on debt levels, their impact on import-export flows and so forth. So the only think I'd say is, and it's no surprise to you, our industry has clear efficacy but so do a whole lot of other industries who are coming into the mix. And whenever that happens, things take time. So the sense that this might happen really early I think is unlikely and I think the pacing will be set in the Senate, which will be more deliberant and give it more consideration, which is difficult.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: And just lastly, Peter, you gave us the update on the Tigers, but you left out that Red Wing probably one of the last teams in the league. How much do you think the coach lasts this season? Do you think Blashill will last the season?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: I do not.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: All right, great. Thanks for taking my question, guys.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: The new stadiums will.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Neel Mitra. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: I just had a general question on the FERC pipeline approvals. Have you seen any themes in the order of pipelines that are approved? Just kind of curious as to why some were approved before the FERC quorum ceased to exist and if you're going to be kind of at the top of the queue or the end of the queue, once we do have a quorum again.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: They went through an order of submission. So it was that simple. And one way to have gone through would have been maybe most ripe or fewest complications. And the other way to go through is order of submission and they went through an order of submission. And I'm not inside the decision making as to why they did that, but I think they knew that this would be an important issue to a lot of companies. So they probably chose a method that they thought was fair and reasonable and that was the one they chose. So not surprisingly, we were very close to the process and they were working their way through it as fast as they could, but they were issuing a boat load of orders. They just didn't make it through. That's the bottom-line. We have had feedback that the project is in good shape, it's clean, it's ready to go, all those sorts thing, just didn't get it in the window. So I think the key is to get a Commissioner approved, get a clean one, get one that's pre-vetted, get them into the FERC quickly so they can get back in business. For a President who wants infrastructure projects to move, he's got a lot of them out there ready to go with thousands of jobs per project with one thing that's defining when all that starts. And that's getting one Commissioner there ready to pick back up what they were rushing with last week or I guess two weeks ago. So that's why we think getting one of these names is what an awful lot of people are advocating. Let's just take a candidate that's acceptable and vetted and get him in place and then we can worry about filling out the balance of the slate later.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: So in terms of the projects that have yet to be approved, you're saying you just basically were one of the last ones that were yet to be approved so you'd be at the top of the queue once we have a quorum back in. Is that the way to look at it?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Well, I didn't say at the top of queue. Actually, I don't know all the projects in the sequence. I do know that we were further out in submission date than the last project approved. But it wouldn't take long once they got back to work. We were expected to be approved right in the timeframe that they were working on. That was the original date. So we really thought we would make it and we're surprised. But I think it was a result of the fact that they took on a bunch of extra work trying to push out projects by date of submission. And so we missed it probably by days or a day, unfortunately. But I don't think it'll be – I'd be very surprised if it were very long once they get a quorum back before we popped up and we're ready to go.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Got it. And then just one last question on the Link lateral growth and basically adding contracts. So it seems like you have a lot of interest from shippers, and just general timing as to when you think you'll get from that 80%-ish contract to fully contracted, and what type of contracts you're looking at? Are they minimum volume commitments or just general fixed fee commitments? Anything you can provide on that.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: I'll turn that one to Jerry Norcia.
Gerardo Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Sure. Thanks, Gerry. So we're looking at a – just to give you some color on this, we've taken an investment to our board just recently. So we'll be able to disclose some more details to that in the near future, we hope. We're in the final stages of executing those agreements, which will involve a significant incremental investment in the pipe, as well as move towards meeting our pro forma and exceeding our pro forma in this investment. So we expect a lot more investments like that. And I think to your question of nature of contract, the nature of the contract that we're in deep discussions on now is long-term contract with minimum volume commitments. So, I think it continues to move us towards our goal. And as Gerry mentioned, really support that 5% to 7% growth rate for the company.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: So Jerry mentioned one that we took to our board. That was a specific investment and involves a substantial capital investment to pull that off. And then, we are in discussions with several other shippers in the area about their desire for capacity expansions. And those would – I mean, those are pushing us very closer or to if they're – if we were to deliver on the ones that are in discussion, we'd be in expansions pretty quickly of the pipe we bought. So, that was why we were indicating that the feel of this in just a few months after we bought the pipe is really good. Already won major capital investment for expansion in the works and several other discussions of that sort that are very serious.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: So just to clarify, do you have to make incremental investment to basically fill up the pipe right now? So if you got to 80% to 100%, do you have to put capital in or is the investment beyond the 100%?
Gerardo Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: I think in our pro forma, we had a modest amount of investment to go in to fill the pipe. And that'll be in the form of compression and expansion of laterals or connecting a few laterals. So in our base case, yes, there was a modest amount of capital that would go in.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Compression capital, for example, to increase compression to deliver higher volumes.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Brian Chin. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brian Chin - Credit Suisse Group AG: Hi. Thanks. Good morning.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning.
Gerardo Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Chin - Credit Suisse Group AG: Just going back to the whole FERC quorum question, we noticed that your slide deck doesn't have the Millennium pipelines in there. Any sort of impact from the FERC lack of quorum affecting the Millennium pipeline timetables?
Gerardo Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: Not at this point.
Brian Chin - Credit Suisse Group AG: Okay, great. Also, you didn't spend a whole of time on P&IP in some of the acquisition pickups that you've done recently. Any sort of update there?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Well, the update I gave earlier is probably the best one that we've got. One project that we went through a selection process, we are the selected party working toward negotiating a final agreement, net of the substantial project and investment to add to the portfolio. So our hope is we work through that successfully and have that project landed and going this year. There is another project of that type that's in the works and down to a couple counterparties that are competing kind of for that on. So that's a possibility. And then I mentioned that we're getting some interesting investment opportunities in the biomass space as well that I think could be material contributors to doing what that business line needs to do over the next four to five years, which is really what we've communicated. Our goal for them is to offset the step-down that REF will have. That's really the charge that we've given to that business unit. And the investments that I just described are of the scale and of the sort that would do that.
Brian Chin - Credit Suisse Group AG: Great. And then one last one for me. FERC's recent rejection of the MISO capacity auction changes. Do you think that there's any play on that or how might that affect the Michigan Commission's process for the reliability charge, any sort of thoughts there?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: In the legislative process, we anticipated that that could happen. So there was an alternative path set up in the legislation, which really handed the reliability planning to the Commission. So that's the path we're on. There is a state reliability mechanism established in the legislation where the Commission now takes over the process of setting a capacity charge and then establishing a process whereby alternative suppliers need to come in and show that they've got the resources contracted to meet their reliability commitments and procedures, if they can't meet those commitments, for a capacity charge to be paid to us or to consumers in order to make sure those are taken care off. So that was all anticipated as a possibility.
Brian Chin - Credit Suisse Group AG: Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Gregg Orrill. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you. In the fourth quarter, is it possible to break out the two adjustments relating to tax and the debt charge at the corporate level? And then on NEXUS, you mentioned the wildlife impact. Is it possible to quantify what part of the – how much of the project that relate to or maybe that's not even a material thing that you're worried about?
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: I'll turn it to Peter to answer the first question.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: The first question, Gregg, it's roughly half and half. I mean, half of it was related to the tax to our Link acquisition. The other half was with the early debt redemption charges for the holding company.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Gerardo Norcia - DTE Energy Co.: On the second question related to NEXUS, at this point, we feel all the environmental conditions that we would have, we can accommodate with the different construction scenarios that we have. So we feel comfortable that we can meet the fourth quarter in-service with those in place.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, Jerry.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Shar Pourreza. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: Hey, guys. My questions were answered. Thanks.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thanks, Shar.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Steve Fleishman. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. I'm good as well. Thank you.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Thanks, Steve.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. And we have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Gerard M. Anderson - DTE Energy Co.: Well, I'll close out just by saying that we feel great about 2016. Still, we had a really good year. I feel really good about the way we're set up for 2017. We've communicated our guidance for the year and we always plan flexibility around that guidance to deal with whatever comes. So, I'm confident we'll deliver it for you again in 2017. And Jerry Norcia took you through our future growth and I feel very good about that as well. We've received a lot questions about NEXUS here this morning that are really playing out over the next few months. But as I said earlier, when you start to look long-term, both of the GSP portfolio and a large slate of things we're doing at our utilities, I think our prospects of adding to that record I mentioned of 1, 3, 5 and 10 years in the top quartile of TSR, I feel good about that because I think we've got strong fundamentals ahead of the company. Hope you feel the same way. Appreciate your questions and look forward to seeing you all soon.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your line at any time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Tuckfield - DTE Energy Co. Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.
Analysts: Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc. Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the DTE Energy Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Barb Tuckfield. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Barbara Tuckfield - DTE Energy Co.: Thank you, Tanisha, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind you to read the Safe Harbor statement on page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP net income to operating income provided in the appendix of today's presentation. Peter Oleksiak, our Senior Vice President and CFO, will be providing a financial update for the third quarter of 2016 guidance. We also have members of the management team here that we can call on during the Q&A session. And now I'll turn it over to Peter to start the call.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Thanks, Barb. Good morning to everyone and thanks for joining us today. Of course, no DTE earnings call would be complete without an update on my Tigers. So let me get that over with here. Actually disappointed to say that for the second straight season, the Tigers did not make the postseason. So the only source (1:24) here is that we were the last American team to be eliminated from contention this year, but do like to congratulate two great Midwestern cities, Cleveland and Chicago, for being in the World Series. And as always, I look forward to a breaker season next year. Now, for an update on DTE. We're keeping today's call focused on the quarter and the current year. As you can see that I'm the only participant here. We have other members of management team here for the Q&A session, and I will call on them throughout the Q&A if needed. And I will also be deferring questions on long-term growth and strategy to the EEI Conference, which is on a few weeks away. Gerry Anderson will be providing our normal detailed business update at EEI. There he will discuss our 2017 really outlook, our long-term growth plans as well details about each of the business segments. So now I'd like to start on slide 4. As you know, on September we raised our operating EPS guidance for 2016. At that time, we increased the guidance midpoint $0.17 to a range of $5.09 to $5.35 from a range of $4.91 to $5.19. The guidance increases were driven by a lot of weather favorability at DTE Electric, favorability across all platforms at the Gas Storage & Pipeline business, and a strong year-to-date economic performance at our trading company. In the past, we've talked about our reinvestment strategy, holding favorability until we see the summer months play out. Well, this summer was the hottest we've had in the past 50 years and we were able to reinvest a lot of those revenues back into that system into aging infrastructure to improve customer liability. We invested a nominal amount this quarter, and we're stepping up on our reinvestment activity for the remainder of the year. Investments will primarily be in our infrastructure with a focus on improving immediate and lasting benefits to our customers. Another area where we are seeing great results this year is in safety. Now, we always start every meeting with a discussion on safety and it's our number one priority in the company. And I'm particularly pleased to announce that, year-to-date, our employees continue to have the best safety record in the company's history. And, of course, we have had a major announcement in our Gas Storage & Pipeline segment in the third quarter with the acquisition of our gas midstream assets and the heart of the Southwest, Marcellus and dry Utica Basin. The transaction complements our existing midstream business and provides a play upfront for new value creation and significant growth opportunities. And we'll be discussing the growth opportunities and their impact on our business at EEI. Now, I'd like to go with the third quarter earnings results on slide 5. For the quarter, DTE's operating earnings were $353 million or $1.96 per share. For reference, our reported earnings were $1.88 per share, and you can find a reconciliation for the third quarter reported to operating earnings on slide 17 of the appendix. For the quarter, our gross segment's operating earnings were $343 million or $1.91 per share. Now, starting with the segments. With DTE Electric, it was higher by $71 million. This quarter was, as I indicated, one of the warmest on record and drove much of this favorability. DTE Electric also supplemented a rate increase on August 1 as part of the ongoing rate case. This favorability was partially offset by increased expenses associated with the rate base growth. DTE Gas was higher by $7 million. This was primarily driven by a gas mainline replacement surcharge and the storage and transport services. Our Power & Industrial Projects segment was higher by $3 million due primarily to higher REF earnings from an additional location that came online in the fourth quarter of last year. These REF earnings were partially offset by lower earnings in our steel-related assets. Our Corporate & Other segment came in $8 million favorable versus last year. This variance was mainly due to timing of taxes. Again, overall the gross segment results for the quarter were $343 million or $1.91 per share. Finally, with our Energy Trading segment, there were $10 million in operating earnings for the quarter and economic net income was $1 million. Please refer to slide 15 of the appendix, which shows our standard view of the Energy Trading reconciliation of both economic and operating performance. So, overall, DTE had a very strong third quarter. With that, moving on to slide 6. I'd like to provide an update on our 2016 earnings guidance. As I mentioned, we recently raised 2016 guidance and are confident that we will land somewhere between the midpoint and upper end of our guidance this year. Year-to-date results are solid and we are in good position to finish the year strong. You can see arrows next to each of the guidance numbers, indicating where we think the year may play out for each segment. The green arrows indicate achieving the higher end of guidance, while the red arrow signifies the lower end. The positive signaling at DTE Electric is driven by additional weather experienced at the end of September, with a very warm September. Our Corporate & Other segment is turning towards the lower end of guidance, driven by tax true-ups. In the fourth quarter, we expect Energy Trading to have accounting income that covers their expenses, which puts them at the high end of the guidance range. Now, moving on to slide 7. In addition to the solid earnings results, our cash flow and balance sheet are strong and continue to support our long-term growth. Based on year-to-date results, we're updating our cash flow and capital expenditure guidance. Starting at the left side of the page, we're increasing cash from operations by $200 million due to the strong cash performance year-to-date. CapEx is increasing by $1.1 billion, which is primarily due to the recent acquisition of our gas midstream assets. We're also increasing our debt financing by $900 million, which was used in part for our recent acquisition and also for general corporate uses. Taking a closer look at CapEx on the right side of the page, we show capital expenditure by business units. We still expect to invest nearly $1.6 billion at the electric company and $430 million at the gas company. We have increased the non-utility guidance by $1.1 billion. This change, as I mentioned, captures the purchase of the gas midstream assets. This brings our total capital expenditures to nearly $3.8 billion for the year. Now let's move on to slide 8 with a look at our balance sheet metrics. Our balance sheet remains strong. We expect to end the year within our targeted range for both leverage and FFO to debt. Due to the strong year-to-date earnings and cash flow, we will not be issuing equity in 2016. In early October, DTE issued $1 billion of senior notes and $675 million of mandatory convertible securities to support the midstream acquisition. As a reminder, the $675 million of mandatory convertible securities will convert to common equity in October of 2019. Lastly, we ended the quarter with very healthy liquidity position of $1.6 billion. Now, wrapping up on slide 9, I will summarize the quarter and then open the line for questions. We've had another successful quarter, and are in great position to achieve our EPS guidance this year. We are looking to extend our streak to 10 consecutive years of meeting or exceeding our initial EPS guidance. We're investing heavily in our utilities by upgrading our aging infrastructure. And we're executing on growth opportunities at our non-utility businesses, most notably the Gas Storage & Pipeline business where we recently added a new platform for future growth. We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet, which sets us up nicely for future growth opportunities, as we enter a period of significant investment and begin to transform our electric generation fleet. Before I open the line for questions, once again I'd like to remind everyone that Gerry Anderson will be giving a formal business update presentation at the upcoming EEI Conference on November 8. And we hope to see many of you at the conference. But if you can't make it in person, you can visit our Investor Relations website to listen in on the webcast. Now I'd like to open up for question. So, Tanisha, please open the line.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our first question from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, Peter. Can you hear me okay?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: My question is on Michigan legislation. There was a story in the press talking about some kind of breakthrough and expectation that, yeah, this will get taken up after the election. But it wasn't clear from that what exactly might have changed in the bill. Can you give any insight as to how you guys see this playing out and what there might be new to report?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. I think, in terms of playing out, there's definitely a strong push to get this legislation done in lame duck. There's a lot of public communication that's happening out there. Senator and office made this a priority for that. It is going to be a challenge potentially, given the timeframe left, but I think given the focus and attention on that, there is still a chance it'll happen in the lame-duck session. We have had some public support recently. The Michigan State Chamber came out publicly to support this bill. So I think that's a very positive movement as well. In terms of what has changed is that this bill in particular is going to be a bipartisan bill. It is related to the State of Michigan, the energy reliability that's needed in the State of Michigan. So both parties need to be supportive and both parties want to get this energy legislation passed. So, recently, there is some discussion on the renewable side potentially for that mandate. Currently, we're at 10%, potentially go up to 15%. That will help get some of the democrats on board as well. And some of the refining and, as I was mentioning, even when I've been on the road that some of it is getting the detail right around the retail open access and the capacity requirements related to that. So there is some finalization around that language. I know there's a new MISO tariff that may be out there as well that's going to help support and complement legislation as well.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. That was it. Thanks a lot.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Thanks, Jonathan.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse: All right. Good morning, Peter.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Hi, Michael.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse: Hey. With the strong quarter from the weather, just wondering if you could just comment on how that will affect O&M in the fourth quarter and your Lean In initiatives?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. With all this favorability, we are going to be putting some of that back in to the business. We've done this periodically as you know, and this really helps maintain long-term really good operations. And we like to put it into customer-centric type of assets and infrastructure assets. So we are targeting potentially around $20 million of after-tax and the vast majority of that will happen in the fourth quarter. We had a minimal amount that did occur here in the third quarter.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse: And just a follow-up on NEXUS, as we await I think the draft EIS – or the final EIS at this point, right?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. I can give you an overall update on NEXUS. We are really at this point in the late-stage constructions. Once again, we are very positive on this project. It's going to be a real strategic part of our portfolio. So, late-stage construction, the pipe is being fabricated as we speak. Another great milestone here is that we recently signed our first tap and interconnect agreement in Ohio with an LDC and we have 1.75 Bcf per day of tap and interconnect agreements and we expect to term some of those out. And that's how we're expecting to help build out the pipe. We are currently at the two-thirds and now we've been at the two-thirds for a little bit here. Some of that is with the E&P companies taking a pause with their balance sheets, but we're starting to get some express interest with the E&P companies. But I do expect a good portion of the remaining pipe being drilled will be drilled potentially within that Ohio market. We expect to receive the final environmental impact next month with a final certificate in the first quarter of 2017, commence construction, and still targeting the fourth quarter of 2017 in service.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse: Now, the improvement in natural gas prices and frac spreads, I'm just wondering if you're seeing an increased amount of interest in the pipeline at all?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Well, we are. And there's always been a lot of interest. A lot of the pause is just with the E&P companies first getting their balance sheets in order. The other is coming up with their new capital plans and drilling plans. And there's going to be a focus on this region, in particular the Utica and Marcellus. So a lot of that, there's some internal processing that needed to happen within the E&P companies. The other benefit is we do have – with the new acquisition, there are some synergies potentially there as well that can help support the NEXUS pipeline.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you very much.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, good morning. Hey. So, perhaps just following up on the last couple of questions. First, you've kind of alluded to it already, but the deal with the MISO, the PSC and actually the Governor's office as well. Can you comment a little bit on how that fits within what you're trying to achieve with the legislation? Is that also one of the reasons why you've been able to get some progress? And can you on platform on the path forward on the timing and what do you expect that to look like ultimately...
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Yeah. I think...
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: ...or how it complements?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: I mean, a couple of comments on that. The movement with the Governor and with MISO and the MPSC really shows that this issue really is around electric reliability in the State of Michigan. So this was kind of a potential how do we ensure some reliability and capacity in the State of Michigan. It does help complement legislation. So, that would be one where we'll have the requirements for the retail open access providers, show us your capacity plans and with a lot of local clearing requirements that'll have to be in place, given the fact that given the peninsula of state that we have, the limited amount of transmission, we need to have a lot of local generation. So this new tariff – if the ROA customers cannot get the capacity, they will come to the utilities and we'll provide it with a capacity surcharge. My understanding is MISO will be filing this new tariff with the FERC shortly, essentially next month.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And to what extent does that achieve your goal around ROA? I mean, (16:15) on getting paid for the capacity. I suppose you're moving forward to the new gas line and so that shows some amount of confidence in the underlying regulatory cost structure present. I don't want to mix issues here too much though.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: No, the goal with the retail open access, first, is to make sure that they have capacity within the State of Michigan, that we have reliability in the State of Michigan. I think that's the number one concern with that for the policy and the regulators, and this really does help ensure it, whether they got to get it themselves; if not, now they got to turn to us and we got to make sure we get it for them.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And then turning back to Mike's question a second ago, can you comment a little bit about – obviously, there's some multiple adjacent projects going forward. Seems like you guys obviously are moving forward with your project irrespective. Is there an ability to combine projects and/or are you seeing or having conversations with the off-takers from some of the other projects thus far? Just kind of curious if you're seeing some cannibalization here.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: No, I can say that we definitely like our pipe where it's at. We provide a northern path. E&P companies are looking to get their product to market as they like to diversify where they're putting it. So, putting it north within the markets of Ohio, Michigan, and Ontario definitely helps. So we're really at this point concentrating on our project. And I think a lot of the interest in our project is just because of the multiple markets that it serves. So we're continuing to see a lot of interest in our projects, and we're not really kind of worried about other projects in the area. We have a great project. We think we do have the best northern path at this point in time.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. But not taking contracts or in discussions with the actual operators, the other ones, by any means?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: No, we were in contract – I mean, in discussions with E&P companies around the NEXUS pipeline, and if they want to get their product north, they are in discussions with us.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Morning, Paul.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: With your recent acquisition at Storage & Pipes, are you kind of right-sized or do you think there's potential other opportunities out there?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: At this point in time, that's really around new acquisitions. I would say that we are not looking for new acquisitions at this size. We like to develop pipes, traditionally greenfield, that's where you get your most value creation. There is a unique opportunity here. There's a great pipe in the region that we want to be in, which is the Utica, Marcellus. 40% of the gas in the country is going to be delivered from this region. It also fits within our footprint and potentially helps support the NEXUS pipeline. So, at this point in time, we are looking at developing multiple pipe platforms, growth platforms, our NEXUS platform. And obviously, we're going to be putting a lot of push and development on that. And then this pipeline in particular, there's a lot of upside potential given the expansion opportunities here, and some new greenfield around the pipe that has yet to be drilled and put into the pipe. So I'd say the focus will be on the development of this pipe. There may be some smaller bolt-on type of acquisitions potentially. So we're comfortable right now with the growth platforms that we have in place and the development opportunities around them.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: With respect to the compromise, it sounds like it was kind of a Senate saying. Is the House on board with it as well?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: I know Mike Nofs has been working both the Senate but also the House in particular. So I think that's some of the movement you're seeing with the renewable side in the mandate. That's going to help get support within the House. So it's still kind of a wait-and-see to see if they can get it through the Senate and the House. There would be post-election. The idea is potentially to now get it through the Senate, and after Thanksgiving, work it through the House. So there's enough support within the Senate. And then that we get enough of the House Democrats, there is a chance that it can get done this year.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I thought the Chamber was on board. Is it they or the schools, are they coming around to it?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: The State Chamber for us was a major supporter. So we're very happy with that and that's where a lot of the work has been done over the last few months. So we're very happy with their support, and that was a key support for us to get.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then the CCN part of it, I didn't understand what that does, the 225 megawatt Certificate of Need requirement. Does that mean anything?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: So we have a Certificate of Need process right now within the current legislation. That's a great process around kind of getting pre-approvals on prudency around. That was a $1 threshold that has moved to $2 a megawatt threshold at this point in time.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Does that mean anything from our perspective? Is that something that we should be thinking about as – what does that actually feel like, I guess, is what I'm wondering?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Probably it may move a little more projects within that process than the old, which we're okay with, getting kind of multiple stakeholders involved and getting the MPSC to look at these projects is the good thing before you start putting steel on the ground.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then the Ontario transmission line that's being discussed with MISO and what have you, is that something you have been involved in and do you have any more details other than sort of what I've read here in terms of timing or what's actually being proposed? How many megawatts or anything?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: So the Ontario – are you talking about the TransCanada?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I'm talking about the Michigan Agency for Energy, and the Michigan – and Governor Snyder. I'm talking about regional transmission. You talked about connecting more on a transmission with Ontario to examine more interconnections with Ontario?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Oh, yeah. Yes, yes. Yeah, that's really not our – we're not really involved into that issue. Obviously, we'll look for the outcomes of that, but we don't have a direct involvement in that.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just finally, back to the MISO capacity proposal, what I'm wondering is, is would this be a wholesale transaction that the alternative energy provider would be charged. I mean, in other words, would they have to pay you a capacity fee or – that's why I was a little bit confused about it jurisdictionally. When I read this proposal, it sounded like they could either buy capacity themselves or they could buy it from you at some set price by the Michigan PSC. And I'm wondering, would that be considered a wholesale transaction.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: This really is getting at the issue that we need to have a very high local clearing requirement, which means in state generation. And either they can get generation within the state by themselves; if they can't, they can procure it from us, and we need to be compensated for that. And it would be a capacity charge put in place and the Public Service Commission would be kind of over that capacity charge and what the amount would be.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Would FERC have to be that involved in this in so far as it's a wholesale transaction of the alternative that the Michigan PSC would be setting the price for? Do you follow what I'm saying?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: No, the FERC would not be involved.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Okay. I appreciate the time. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gregg Orrill with Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes. Thank you. You talked about in your release and previously about building 1,000 megawatts of gas in Michigan for – I think it was 2021. When do you expect to start spending there, and what needs to be done to move forward regulatorily or otherwise?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: The high-level timeline on that, Gregg, is probably late next year we'll be providing – we'll be filing a Certificate of Need around that with the air permitting, everything that we would need to get the projects going. The spending on that will occur at the back end of this five-year plan. The in-service date that we put within the recent press release is 2021 to 2023 timeframe. So, the spending will be occurring within a few years. So, probably shortly after that Certificate of Need, probably within a year after that, there will be some spending occurring. Actually a little bit of spending before that just to prepare for the Certificate of Need.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And do you need to file for approval there?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: We would have to file with our Certificate of Need process with our Public Service Commission.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hey, Peter.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Hey. Good morning, Shar.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Just one quick question on the synergies that you just mentioned around NEXUS and the G&P system you purchased. I know you will obviously disclose more when you get into EEI. But synergies, when you highlighted that, is that more of a function of adding additional producers to the pipe?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Really is a function. We have a clear path, contiguous path with our system that we purchased with the Texas Eastern pipeline. There's capacity that we've contracted out NEXUS has to get it to NEXUS. So it really is around the producers, the drilling plans around those producers, essentially not signing up new producers by getting into the drilling plans with the existing producers that we have on that pipe and the new assets we purchased.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. And then just one lastly on the Michigan policy and the MISO tariff. Is there – just to confirm, there is no impact to any of your potential future coal retirements, right, if we get passage? Like, you wouldn't – there's no scenario where you would hold capacity not retired, right, on the coal side?
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: No, there isn't. It's a combination of age of life of these plants and there's some new water rules that are being put in place...
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Right.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: ...that it is onerous to keep these plans going. So they are retiring.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. Excellent. Thanks. See you soon.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: Thanks, Shar.
Operator: Thank you. And it does appear we have no further questions at this time. I will now hand it back over to your speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Peter B. Oleksiak - DTE Energy Co.: I'd like to thank everybody for joining this morning on the call. And once again, I can't imagine EEI is coming up quickly, how quickly the year goes by, but I'll be seeing a number of you at the EEI Conference coming up next month. Have a great day.
Operator: And that does conclude our program. We like to thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day. And you may disconnect at any time.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Tuckfield - Director - Investor Relations Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Peter B. Oleksiak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Gerardo Norcia - President & Chief Operating Officer Don M. Stanczak - Vice President-Regulatory Affairs
Analysts: Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Brian Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good day and welcome to today's DTE Energy Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to hand the conference over to Barb Tuckfield. Please go ahead.
Barbara Tuckfield - Director - Investor Relations: Thank you, Stephie and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind you to read the Safe Harbor statement on page two of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earning which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP net income to operating cost provided in the appendix of today's presentation. With us this morning are Gerry Anderson, our Chairman and CEO; Jerry Norcia, our President and COO; and Peter Oleksiak, our Senior Vice President and CFO. We also have members of the management team with us to call on during the Q&A session. And now, I'll turn it over to Gerry to start this morning's call.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you, Barb, and good morning, everybody. Thanks very much for joining us. I'm going to start with an overview of our results in the second quarter, as well as some key developments of the company over the past quarter. Then, I'm going to turn things over to Peter for a financial update. Then we'll wrap up and take some Q&A. So moving on to slide five, we continue to make good progress on a number of fronts this year. So with a successful first half of the year under our belt, I feel really good about our year-to-date financial results. And based upon those strong results, we're increasing our operating earnings per share guidance. We'll talk a bit more about that in a minute. We also recently increased our dividend for the seventh consecutive year, which continues the over 100-year history of issuing dividends as a company. Rachael Eubanks was appointed by Governor Snyder to serve the remainder of John Quackenbush's six-year term that expires about a year from now, July 2, 2017. Her experience is in the area of finance, so it includes project finance, municipal bond refinancing, credit-enhanced financing, variable and auction rate transactions and so forth. She also, over her career, has provided investment banking support on financial advisory and investment engagements for state government, government authorities, municipalities and non-profit organizations. So as we look forward in Michigan to a really heavy period of investment in our infrastructure, I think that her understanding of finance will be a good complement to the skills of the current commissioners. And we certainly will have somebody there who understands cash flows, balance sheet issues and so forth as a company that goes through heavy investment period. Thanks to the hard work of our employees. For the third consecutive year, DTE was ranked second in the Midwest by J.D. Power in overall Electric Residential Customer Satisfaction, that's in the large utility category. And this was our sixth consecutive year of being in the top quartile of that survey. We also achieved our best safety record in the company's history in the first six months, and that was by a wide margin, which I'm particularly proud of. I think it says something about where our employees' heads are, and if we can keep this performance, we may just be the safest company in the industry this year. And earlier this year, we won our fourth consecutive Gallup Great Workplace Award, and our results placed us in the top 12% of companies worldwide in terms of employee engagement. On the NEXUS front, that pipeline continues to progress. The project reached another important regulatory milestone, which sets us up nicely, to meet our in-service fee late next year. So I'll talk a bit more about NEXUS and those developments in a few minutes. So I'm going to move on to slide six and give you some color on our second quarter financial results. So in the second quarter, we built upon what were really positive first quarter results. We delivered second quarter earnings per share of $0.98, which I feel great about. As you know, we came into this year expecting warm weather, we planned for it, and that played during our first quarter results. And we, based on the first and second quarters, come out of the first half of the year, very well positioned. And we now have the potential to reinvest some of the weather-related favorability that may occur in the third quarter. We're seeing a hot July. And there's a warm August projected as well. So given the strong results of the first half of the year, we're increasing the midpoint of our guidance by $0.12 from $4.93 to $5.05. And given that, we now have a solid path to achieving our 10th consecutive year of meeting or beating our earnings targets. We've also been growing our dividend along with earnings. And we just recently increased the dividend by $0.16 per share. And our balance sheet continues to be in great shape. So bottom line, I feel really good about our financial position as we head into the second half of 2016. So moving on to slide seven for a little more color on earnings and dividend. We talked for years to investors about delivering 5% to 6% annual earnings per share growth, and then pairing that with healthy dividend growth. Now, on the right-hand side of the slide, in the ovals, you can see that our actual earnings per share growth over the past five years or so has been 6.5%. So really 1% above that 5% to 6%. And we have grown our dividends at 5% to 6% rate. I also mentioned a minute ago that we're increasing guidance, from a midpoint of $4.93 to $5.05. Fundamentally, this is driven by a strong performance in our Electric business and in our Gas Storage & Pipelines business, as well as a very solid first half in our Energy Trading operations. As I stated a minute ago, in keeping with the commitment to grow dividends with earnings, we increased our dividend per share from $2.92 to $3.08, which was a 5.5% increase. So I'm going to move on to slide eight now, and discuss a significant development related to our power plant fleet that occurred in the second quarter. So in June, we announced closure plans for eight coal-fired-generating units. And this announcement, combined with our decision to cease operation at three coal-fired plants, which happened in April, means that we will replace 11 aging coal-fired generation units at three sites, totaling 2.5 gigawatts, on or before 2023. Much of this coal baseload generation will be replaced with natural gas generation. But we also intend to continue to invest in wind and solar to ensure that we keep the mix in our portfolio that we want. This portion of what is a longer-term transition plan for our fleet will require about $3 billion of investment. By 2030, we'd expect to retire an additional 1 gigawatt of coal-fired generation, which would bring total retirements to 3.5 gigawatts. And in doing that, our reliance on coal would decline by about 60%. And we'd expect to roughly double our current 10% renewable capacity, and to use more gas-fired generation in a baseload role (8:26). Obviously, emissions through 2030 will be down fundamentally as well. So CO2, we project, would be down about 40% versus 2005 levels, and our conventional emissions would be down sharply as well. Moving on to slide nine, NEXUS continues to move forward and make good progress. So NEXUS received its FERC Notice of Schedule on May 17 of this year. The project also recently received a favorable Draft Environmental Impact report, or EIS, from the FERC. We expect the final EIS by the end of November. And that would allow for a certificate of construction by the end of February of 2017, which would set us up nicely for the November in service date next year. We're progressing on right of way acquisitions and detailed engineering plans, and we continue to work constructively with FERC and other regulatory agencies. In addition, in June, we received a letter of support for the NEXUS project from the Michigan Agency for Energy. So the Michigan Agency for Energy takes the lead on energy policy for the administration. We also received a letter of support from the Michigan Economic Development Corporation, which is the state's primary economic development agency. In addition, a recent Michigan Public Service Commission staff brief on our electric power cost recovery case, that's our fuel cost case, stated, and I quote, staff believes that DTE Electric's participation in the NEXUS pipeline project is reasonable as proposed in DTE Electric's application, its testimony, and its exhibits in this case. So we were gratified to have staff weigh in saying they think this project would benefit customers and benefit the state. In addition, we had letters of support offered by both Senator Nofs and Representative Nesbitt, they are the Chairs of the Senate and House Energy Committees. So there's a lot of support in the state of Michigan for this pipeline moving forward. So look, we really believe in the fundamentals of this pipe. It serves arguably the best dry gas production geology in the country. It connects that geology directly to growing markets in Michigan and Ontario. And then, VR Vector pipeline connects into Chicago and Wisconsin as well. The pipe also connects directly to the largest collection of market area storage in the country in Michigan and in Western Ontario. The pipe has three strong utility sponsors, and up to 1.75 Bcf of signed interconnect agreements in Northern Ohio. And the pipe remains on schedule even as many other pipes serving the Utica region struggle with delays. And given this, we continue to think that NEXUS is going to be a valuable addition to our Gas Storage & Pipelines portfolio. And with that, I am going to turn things over to Peter Oleksiak to cover our financial results in more details. Peter, over to you.
Peter B. Oleksiak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Gerry, and good morning to everyone. I'd like to start with slide 11. Gerry mentioned DTE's operating earnings for the second quarter were $0.98 per share, and for reference, reported earnings were $0.84 per share. For a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings, please refer to slide 24, in the appendix. Slide 11 shows our quarter-over-quarter operating earnings by segment starting at the top of the page with the two utilities. Now, we experienced unusual weather this quarter which gave a boost to both utilities. April was colder than normal, while May and June were warmer than normal. Now, this unusual weather in the quarter created both heating and cooling load causing earnings for both utilities to be up quarter-over-quarter. DTE Electric's earnings were $135 million for the second quarter of this year, compared to $111 million last year. Offsetting the weather in last year's rate case, DTE Electric's earnings were lower due to the absence of the revenue decoupling mechanism amortization in 2016. You may recall, this revenue decoupling amortization was part of our strategy that extended the timeframe in between rate cases by four years. We've increased guidance for this segment given the warm weather through June. A further breakdown of DTE Electric's quarter-over-quarter results can be found in the appendix on slide 19. For DTE Gas, earnings for the second quarter were $13 million compared to a loss of $7 million last year. The variance was due to cooler weather in April of this year, increased revenue related to our infrastructure replacement program, and planned initiatives in response to the warm weather we experienced in the first quarter. As we discussed in our first quarter call, we entered (13:32) the year anticipating warmer than normal weather for the winter, and we planned for it. With this advanced planning, we were able to stay on track to meet guidance. Moving down the page, Gas Storage & Pipelines earnings were $35 million for the quarter. Earnings for the quarter were up $10 million over last year due to higher pipeline and gathering earnings from production that came online in the second half of 2015. We continue to see strength in this segment even in current conditions. We've adjusted the midpoint of guidance upwards for this segment, which I will discuss in a minute. Moving further down the slide, earnings for our Power & Industrial Projects was $17 million for the quarter, down $1 million from the second quarter last year. This decrease is primarily driven by lower earnings in the steel sector offset by REF volumes from additional projects that came online in the fourth quarter of last year. Earnings for Corporate & Other were negative $23 million for the second quarter of this year, $10 million favorable over last year due to the timing of taxes. So earnings were $177 million for growth segments of the second quarter or $0.98 per share, compared to the $134 million or $0.75 per share last year. To round out our operating earnings, we include the results of our Energy Trading business. At Energy Trading, the accounting earnings were zero, down $3 million from the second quarter last year, driven by lower realized power performance. Trading's economic contribution for the second quarter of 2016 was $12 million. Trading is having another strong economic year, or actually $30 million year-to-date economic contribution. A portion of the year-to-date economic performance will flow through the total year operating income results. I will talk more in a minute on the new guidance for our Trading segment. Slide 22 of the appendix contains our standard Energy Trading reconciliation showing both economic and accounting performance. Let me now turn to slide 12 on the EPS guidance for the year. As Gerry Anderson mentioned at the start of the call, based on our financial results in the first half of the year, we are increasing our midpoint of the 2016 EPS guidance by $0.12 from $4.93 to $5.05 for DTE Energy. Our EPS guidance range for DTE Energy is now $4.91 to $5.19 and $4.85 to $5.08 for our growth segments. Our guidance increase for growth segments is driven by strong start to the year at our DTE Electric and Gas Storage & Pipelines segments. The warmer than normal weather continues for the remainder of the summer, we will initiate and invest plan at our DTE Electric to put the incremental revenue in cash back into customer-centric assets and activities. For our GSP segment, the new drilling plants to Southwestern announced by (16:13) region may provide upside to 2016, and sets us up nicely for 2017. Operating earnings guidance for these segments increased from a midpoint of $592 million to $597 million at DTE Electric, and $110 million to $130 million at the Gas Storage & Pipelines segment. As I just mentioned on the prior page, our DTE Energy's business is off to a strong economic start. We've raised our earnings guidance from zero to a range of $10 million to $20 million up for this year. Energy Trading is not part of our growth segments, and we let the business be opportunistic versus setting a defined operating earnings target. So we conservatively set the original guidance at zero, and typically update earnings guidance as we set the results for the first two quarters after we (16:56) recover operating cost. Given the strong results in the first half of this year, we are increasing the guidance for Energy Trading. We'll give another guidance update in the third quarter based on economic results for the first three quarters. Moving on to slide 13; in addition to solid earnings results for the year, our cash flow and balance sheet remained strong and will continue to provide the foundation for our long-term growth plans. This slide lays out our cash flow and CapEx to the first half of the year. Cash from operations was $1.3 billion. We saw strong performance across several business units, which is driving the increase over the same period last year, and puts us a little ahead of our plan this year. We invested $1 billion of CapEx to the second quarter. And on the right side of the page, you can see the breakout by business units. DTE Electric CapEx decrease was due to the timing of operational investments, and lower new generation spend with the acquisition of large gas taker (17:52) back in the first quarter of 2015. And now utilities are higher than last year, driven by the timing of projects with particularly in our Gas Storage & Pipelines segment. To fund this CapEx program and refinance maturing debt, we have issued $600 million in long-term debt financing this year. We've been consistent in our messaging over the years that maintaining a strong balance sheet is a priority. Slide 14 provides the key balance sheet metrics we target and monitor, which is FFO to debt and leverage. This slide shows the projected level for each metric. Our 2016 financing plan is on track and we plan to issue up to a $100 million of equity this year. Now, however, given the strong strength of the cash flows we have experienced to-date, we are looking at the possibility of deferring equity issuance in the next two years. Our three-year projected equity needs remain at the $200 million to $300 million level, which is just a small fraction of the total capital spend over that timeframe. Our disciplined approach to maintaining a strong balance sheet across the years has proven to be valuable. It sets us up nicely as we enter a period of incremental infrastructure improvements, and investments at our utilities, and funding the growth plans at our nine utility businesses. Let me wrap-up on slide 16, and then we can move to questions-and-answers. We've had a very good quarter as well as the first half of the year. We are able to upgrade (19:17) our EPS guidance, setting up nicely to extend our streak to 10 consecutive years of meeting or exceeding our initial EPS guidance. This will be the 7th consecutive year that we've increased our dividend. This quarter, we announced coal plant retirements that will bring cleaner energy to our customers and considerable investments to our Electric utility. Maintaining a strong balance sheet will allow us to invest in the utilities and pursue growth opportunities at our nine utility businesses. Before I open up to Q&A, our call would not be complete without a quick update on my hometown Detroit Tigers. The good news is that we won 50 games so far this year. The bad news is that we've lost about as many games as well. Justin Verlander is looking better recently, actually won last night in Boston, but Miguel Cabrera's bat needs to heat up for us to have a chance. So a lot of season left, so I'm remaining optimistic. With that, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. So Stephie, you can open the lines up for questions.
Operator: Certainly. Thank you. We will now take our first question from Michael Weinstein (20:48) from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Unknown Speaker: Hey. Go Tigers. Good morning.
Peter B. Oleksiak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Unknown Speaker: First question is about the $3 billion of additional investment from the retirement of coal generation by 2023. That's correct?
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. The timeframe – so we're going to work through (21:11) process and work through, with our regulators, the phasing of both the retirements and the investment, but we do expect that to play out by 2023. Yes.
Unknown Speaker: Is that part of the $18 billion that you had previously announced for 10 years?
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. So that number of $18 billion doesn't change?
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. And on NEXUS, I just wanted to – I think you mentioned this, but could you reiterate the level of interconnect agreements versus the capacity of the pipeline, and also how those interconnect agreements are being converted over to full contracts?
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. The pipeline is 1.5 Bcf, and the interconnect agreements are 1.75 Bcf. Those interconnects are independent of what we already have contracted on the pipeline (22:00). Maybe I'll hand it over to Jerry Norcia to talk about – probably the process and timing for converting those to contracts.
Gerardo Norcia - President & Chief Operating Officer: Sure. Thanks, Gerry. So right now, the pipe is two-thirds full, and the environment, as we see it, is starting to improve significantly in that region, in the production region that NEXUS serves our gas pipes (22:21). So we're seeing renewed interest in terms of discussions from the producers, as well as, we're progressing a series of conversations along the pipeline in Ohio and in Michigan and other markets – in Ontario, as well as other parts of the Midwest, where customers are interested in (22:43) capacity. So we're confident that by the time the pipe goes into service, we will have more market commitment for this pipe (22:50).
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Thanks. And now, hey, one last question. You're going to – you mentioned that you might push off the equity raise this year, but I noticed in the guidance, the share count isn't different. That's obviously just for convention, or...?
Peter B. Oleksiak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. We are still planning on the $100 million, but we're really monitoring that the summer regular the (23:14) weather, we get additional revenue, also the cash flow is coming into the year. So we are looking at potentially deferring it, the material right now does reflect the $100 million (23:23).
Unknown Speaker: All right. Thank you very much.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Shahriar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Shar.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: So just on the NEXUS, the additional conversations you're sort of having in the Midwest, can you just maybe disclose whether that's with shippers or additional LDC or electric demand?
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I guess, primarily with other LDCs.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Yeah.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: (24:00) Ohio also involves power producers as well.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. And it's too early to figure out whether this thing can be upsized to a little over 2 Bcf?
Peter B. Oleksiak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Correct.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. That will be later. I think step one is, bring it in, get it well contracted for current capacity. And step two then is to take on expansions. And expansions, as we've talked in the past, they always bring good economic value.
Peter B. Oleksiak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: One of the things that we're finding, that I'll add, is the – a lot of the pipelines that are greenfield pipelines, that are proposing to take gas out of this region, are facing significant delays and oppositions. And right now, our pipe is not faced with that. So we feel that we may be one of the first greenfield pipes to the market.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Got it. That's helpful. And then, just on the coal retirements; is there any more upside to that retirement, because even if you shift to the latter part of the decade, you'll still have a little over 3.5 gigawatts of coal, or is that sort of you see that envision within the portfolio?
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So by the end of 2030, I think we'll have everything retired at our Monroe plant. The Monroe plant is the one plant that we invested in scrubbers and SCRs. It's a big plant, it's 3,000 megawatts. But that will be what remains, and essentially all the other coal will be retired and replaced through that plan of renewables and gas that I described.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then just lastly, on the growth trajectory, on the earnings standpoint, how should we think about it off the higher base of $5.05? Is it sort of supportive? Are you comfortable at 5% to 6% growth off of $5.05, or still within that $4.93 is the base?
Peter B. Oleksiak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: We're indicating at this point it's off the original guidance. We'll continue to assess 2017 and beyond. But at this point, it's off the original guidance.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So that's been pretty much our pattern, is that our original guidance, if we exceed, we grow earnings off the original guidance than the prior year. But I guess, I'd just keep pulling you back to actual performance, which has been 6.5%. So I think, our pattern is pretty well established at this point.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks. Solid results. Congrats.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. We will now move on to our next question from Neel Mitra from Tudor Securities. Please go ahead.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Neel.
Peter B. Oleksiak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning, Neel.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: I had another question on the NEXUS pipeline. You expressed that there had been a lot of support from Michigan, (26:48) Attorney General come out with some opposition. Can you just remind us the process? Does the commission ultimately have to rule on the utility contracts, and when would that be?
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So let me comment on the Attorney General first. If you watch sort of energy discussions and dynamics in Michigan, our rate cases and most things, it gets filed around energy. There's usually a challenge of some sort or another, put out by the Attorney General. You just need to understand whether or not the challenge really is fundamental. But it's still – that's just the way of saying not unusual or surprised (27:32) dynamics. Don, maybe you can talk about timeframe for inclusion. Don Stanczak is here with us. He heads our Regulatory Affairs. He can talk about how the inclusion of NEXUS would play out at the utility (27:46).
Don M. Stanczak - Vice President-Regulatory Affairs: So as Gerry indicated in his comments earlier, we've already put NEXUS in our PSCR cost recovery plan. I think it covers a five-year period, and of course, the first cost will actually incur within (28:02) 2017. So the real key will be our PSCR plan in 2017 and the reconciliation where we actually get recovery of those costs.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And that was a case being reviewed, that I quoted from earlier, where the staff was (28:20) their comments.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Got it. Okay. And then my second question. Could you just generally comment on what's going on in the Power & Industrial segment? Is it seasonality, because right now, I guess, you're at $38 million of earnings versus $90 million to $100 million for the full-year, and then in the presentation, you commented on maybe some weaker steel offset by more positive REF earnings?
Peter B. Oleksiak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Neel, there's two dynamics happening. Now, one of them you mentioned was the seasonality that will occur with our REF units, actually the first quarter with a little bit lower volumes given the warm weather, winter we're seeing actually reverse coming here in the summer with a hot weather we're experiencing. (29:08) there is back-end loading that will occur with our REF units. We did have some planned maintenance outages. We have wood waste renewable plant so that those planned outages did occur this year in the second quarter. So there is seasonality related to those earnings as well for the planned maintenance outages. We came into the year understanding the depressed steel market (29:32) into plan, and the onset was the REF units, and the volume related to REF, and that's playing out as designed.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I guess, one comment would be that, just as in the E&P sector, you're beginning to feel the turn there. Same in steel, that there you're beginning to feel the turn in the steel sector. So I think it begins to bode well for 2017 and 2018 as that sector gets some win behind it.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Peter B. Oleksiak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now move on to our next question from Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Paul.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning. Congratulations on a solid quarter.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Just kind of pick up at DTE Gas. Just wondering how much of that is kind of leaning out the business in response to the first quarter?
Peter B. Oleksiak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: It is. It is basically all of that. You look at the year-to-date results, year-over-year they're relatively flat. We knew going into the year, we're going to have a warm first quarter that did play out, and we plan for the rest of the year to make it up. And the second quarter, the O&M levels, in particular, were down quite a bit that helped offset those first quarter earnings. One thing we're looking at right now given the strength in our Electric utility, and we always like to manage typically on combined utility bases that we essentially will start investing back into the gas utility and getting those O&M levels back to normal levels.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: So if we look for the balance of the year at gas, as far as O&M, have you caught up kind of where you want to be?
Peter B. Oleksiak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: We still have some investment we're going to making for the balance of the year. We are still committed to the guidance range as well for that segment.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And then, if you were to expand NEXUS from 1.5 Bcf to 2 Bcf, that's just incremental compression. What would that involve and what's the capital opportunity?
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Jerry, you want to take that?
Gerardo Norcia - President & Chief Operating Officer: Sure. It would involve, to get to 2 Bcf a day, would involve some compression and some looping (31:41) on the 36-inch pipe.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And any sense of the capital?
Gerardo Norcia - President & Chief Operating Officer: Not yet. That's something that we haven't worked out quite yet. We're trying to get to the 1.5 Bcf first, and then, I think, we'll quickly move to that 1.75 Bcf once the pipeline gets built, and people starts to get interested in more economic expansions.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And then lastly, is there anything going on behind the scenes in Lansing with regards to energy policy and legislation?
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So we continue to work this summer with some of the principles. I think what's likely come fall is that there will be activity again in the Senate. Kind of running out of time there with all the dynamics in the legislature between plants and roads and Detroit schools and things. So I think, there will be activity in the Senate. And then there'll be a chance that something could get passed in the Senate in the session in September, but we'll see. And then, I think, everybody will watch the election, and see what the election dynamics mean for the Michigan legislature, with the possibility that we would pick back up and pass legislation in the lame duck session at the end of the year. So if legislation is going to pass this year, would be in the lame duck. I guess I'd keep reminding folks that this is not so much a financial discussion, in fact it's not a financial discussion, really doesn't affect our five-year plan. But it is an energy reliability discussion. And at some point or another, we need to get – we need to be clear on who is building power plants for 10% of the market, and right now the answer is, nobody. And until we get policy in place that ensures that somebody does it, there's risk of reliability issues for the state. So if it doesn't happen this year, it'll happen at some point when it becomes clear that we need to take care of that.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you for the update.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Peter B. Oleksiak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll now take our next question from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi. Good morning. The higher guidance for 2016 for the midstream segment, I might have missed this, but can you just explain what's driving that for the full year guidance?
Peter B. Oleksiak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Some of that – we are seeing a strong earnings coming across the multiple segments and sub-segments in it, and projects within that. It's tightening the guidance, pulling up that bottom end of the range. So we are seeing strong results for the year, and so we're feeling comfortable now of pulling up that bottom end of the range.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: What it doesn't include, Steve, is the increased drilling activity that we now expect. So I think (34:38) for example (34:40) calls, they're now back drilling again. They have been completing ducks (34:45) and they continue that, but we'll be drilling again in our region. And so that has the potential to help with some strength for the balance of the year. But as Peter said earlier, and particularly – it particularly sets up well for next year.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. But, you noted that it does not include Southwest most recent announcement.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
Peter B. Oleksiak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: (35:13) would be upside to this year.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then, one of the areas you've talked about for growth at P&I is co-generation. So I'm wondering if there's any update on new opportunities there.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I would say that the portfolio discussions there on co-generation is as full and interesting as it's been in years. And we don't have one to tell you about that's popped yet, but I think we all feel that, out of that portfolio discussions, we're going to have some that do play through. So we hope to be able to give you a positive update sometime over the next six months.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Steve. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. We move on to our next question now from Brian Chin from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Brian Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Brian.
Peter B. Oleksiak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just piggybacking off, the Swinn (36:17) question. Is there a sense of sensitivity that you can give? We've seen how many rig announcements Southwestern has announced over the last few days here. But is there a sense of sensitivity that you might be able to help us calibrate a little bit?
Gerardo Norcia - President & Chief Operating Officer: We've seen two rigs move into the area that we're operating with Southwestern. So that's a very encouraging sign. So our expectation is that they'll continue to complete the ducks, as well as drill new wells with those two rigs.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And when you say sensitivity, you're talking about upside this year and what it means for next year. Is that what I'm hearing?
Brian Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That would be helpful. Yes.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think that what we probably ought to do is, let our team get a better sense for kind of the pace of completions, and what we're seeing there put a fence over that (37:10). Maybe we can be clear about what we see in terms of impacts this year and next, maybe on the next call.
Brian Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. And then, just going back to the...
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: (37:20) I don't think we played it all the way through.
Brian Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Understood. And then, just going back to the equity issuance question. So you gave a little bit more clarity on the equity issuance thoughts this time. Can you talk about, for the $200 million to $300 million equity issuance for the next two years to three years, should we be marginally shading our thought process on 2017 and 2018 as well, or do you still feel comfortable with the $200 million to $300 million in equity issuance over the next two years to three years?
Peter B. Oleksiak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I'm still feeling comfortable with the $200 million to $300 million in the next two years to three years. It really does relate to the amount of capital spend we're spending at both our utilities and our non-utility business. So (38:05) we really want to maintain the strong balance sheet, thus set us up nicely. It's good even in this period of time having a strong balance sheet, so it's $200 million to $300 million until we see other way.
Brian Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Excellent. Thank you very much.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. As there are no further questions in the queue, I will hand back to the speaker for any additional or closing remarks. Thank you.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We had Gregg Orrill. Did he sign off? We had heard Gregg wanted to come in with a question.
Operator: He removed himself from the queue. Thank you.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Removed himself. Well, great. Well then, we're out of questions.
Operator: Sorry for that. He just came back. Sorry for that. He just moved back to the queue. I will take his question now if you wish.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Pretty good.
Operator: Perfect.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks Gerry.
Operator: (38:59) is open, please.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Two quick ones. On the DTE Electric variance analysis for the quarter, there was a negative $8 million around rate base and other. What was that, was that bonus depreciation?
Peter B. Oleksiak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No, it's standard actually (39:21) depreciation on the new capital spend come again in property tax (39:27).
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I got it. Okay. And then on the PSCR, when are you looking for the outcome on that? And are there any other – I guess, we've talked about the drivers in general. Is there anything else that you would point out that's noteworthy there?
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: On the PSCR case?
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. I'll have Don answer that as well in terms of when that will play out.
Don M. Stanczak - Vice President-Regulatory Affairs: So in terms of the timing, I'd expect the commission order later this year, split (39:58) into next year. And again, as Gerry indicated earlier, having support from Michigan Agency for Energy and committee chairs of the legislature, all that bodes well for a good result (40:18).
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We've spent a lot of time talking to the Energy committee chairs, the MEDC, the Michigan Economic Development Corporation, and the agent, the administration, about NEXUS. So they kind of get how it fits into the gas supply picture here in the state is the state (40:35). Both we and consumers are transitioning off a lot of fuel supply from coal to gas. So they've taken the time to understand it. I think the letters of support, the statements of support are really based upon their belief that this is good for the customers, most importantly good for economic development and the state as well.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think, with that, we are done with questions. So I would just reiterate what I said at the outset. Six months in we're off to a really good start financially and otherwise. So we look forward to giving you another positive update in three months. And thanks very much for joining us this morning.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barb Tuckfield – Director-Investor Relations Gerry Anderson – Chief Executive Officer Peter Oleksiak – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jerry Norcia – President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Jonathon Arnold – Deutsche Bank Gregg Orrill – Barclays Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS Shar Pourreza – Goginham Partners Greg Gordon – Evercore ISI Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Andrew Weisel – Macquarie Capital
Operator: Good day and welcome to the DTE Energy First Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Barb Tuckfield. Please go ahead.
Barb Tuckfield: Thank you, Cynthia, and good morning everyone. Welcome to our 2016 first quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is the non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP reported earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix of today's presentation. With us today are Gerry Anderson, our Chairman and CEO; Peter Oleksiak, our Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jerry Norcia, our President and COO. We also have members of the management team to call on during the Q&A session. I’ll now turn it over to Gerry.
Gerry Anderson: Well, thank you, Barb, and thanks to all of you for joining us here this morning. I should take just a minute and recognize that this is Jerry Norcia’s first time on this call as President and COO. Jerry was promoted into that position early in April. I think many of you know Jerry or met him on visits, but Jerry, just a brief history, came in as President of our Gas Storage and Pipelines business, really helped to build that business then took over as President of our Gas Utility along with his role at GSP. Most recently was President of our Electric Operations and then as I mentioned moved into his role as President and COO just about a month ago. Well, I’m going to start the discussion today with an overview of our results in the first quarter as well as number of key developments at the company. And then I'll turn things over to Peter to give you a financial update and then we will wrap up and take your questions. So moving on to Slide 5, we continue to make good progress on a number of fronts. With one quarter behind us in 2016, I feel very good about our year-to-date financial results and our ability to deliver or exceed our full-year guidance. Energy legislation continues to move forward at Lansing. In fact, this is a key week as it turns out and I will describe that in a minute. And our NEXUS gas pipeline project continued to move forward toward its 2017 end service date and I will give you an update on progress on that front in a few minutes as well. So concerning our financial performance, moving on to Slide 6, as I mentioned, we're off to a very good start. We delivered first quarter operating earnings of $1.52, which I feel great about relative to our plan for the year. We came into 2016, expecting a warm winter. We’re talking about that prior to the call. We started last July planning for El Nino, so we came into the year with a plan expecting a standard deviation or more warmer this winter and it came, but we came out of the first quarter in great shape, so that all worked out fine. And given that we're on track to deliver our earnings guidance and another year of earnings growth. And assuming that we do that, 2016 will be our 10th consecutive year of meeting or beating our earnings targets. As you know, we've also been growing our dividend in parallel with earnings and we have every intention to continue that and our balance sheet continues to be in great shape, in fact Fitch, back in February, upgraded us. So bottom line as we head into the second quarter, I feel great about our financial position. Moving on to Slide 7. As I said earlier, energy legislation continues to progress in Lansing. The current regulatory construct in Michigan was established by legislation passed back in 2008. And the key provisions of that legislation and our current construct are laid out at the top of the slide. And those provisions have and continued to serve the State of Michigan very well. But in preparation for a significant investment in new generation assets in our state as we retire older assets, we've been working on an update to the 2008 legislation over the past year. And this week, Senator Mike Nofs, who is Chairman of the Senate Energy and Technology Committee, will introduce his substitute bills and take testimony from a range of key stakeholders. In fact, I'm going to be up in Lansing on Thursday testifying. The legislation that Senator Nofs has fashioned has a number of key features. So, it establishes firm capacity requirements for all electricity providers in Michigan, but in particular establishes requirements for the first time for the retail open access suppliers or choice suppliers. That's a key reliability provision as the state moves into retiring and rebuilding generation that 10% of the market needs to be planned for and that's what the legislation is targeting. The legislation also sets up an IRP, or integrated resource planning process, that will enable long-term resource planning and will establish a process for investment preapproval. And then finally, the legislation establishes incentives for energy efficiency investment and it enables decoupling related to energy efficiency and it makes it possible for utilities to apply for broader decoupling to the Public Service Commission as well. So Senator Nofs expects to work these bills hard this week and the following week and then we'll move them out of committee for a vote on the Senate floor when he feels the time is right for that. And then we expect that this legislation will become – will move over to the House and become the basis for discussions and action there. So, we also continue to make progress on our NEXUS Pipeline project, and Slide 8 provides a summary update of that activity. As the left hand side of the Slide shows, NEXUS originates in arguably the best dry gas geology in the country, in the Utica shale. And it then runs north and west across Northern Ohio where there are numerous opportunities to interconnect with LDC, power plant, and industrial loads. And then the pipe heads north to interconnect with the Vector pipeline in Michigan, which ties it to a very large gas storage complex in Michigan and in Ontario. And Vector also enables it to serve LDCs in Ontario, Michigan, Illinois, Wisconsin and other mid-west states. The NEXUS remains on track to be placed in service in the fourth quarter of 2017. A couple of noteworthy first quarter accomplishments for NEXUS are listed on the right hand side of the Slide. As I mentioned, the pipe runs across Northern Ohio. And during the first quarter, we increased our interconnect agreements along that stretch from 1.4 Bcf per day to 1.75 Bcf per day. And these interconnect agreements represent great future market opportunities for NEXUS which has 1.5 Bcf designed pipe. We also ordered compressors for the pipe in the first quarter, so both the steel the pipe, and the compression for the project are on order. And finally, we continue to advance our work with the FERC and that's going well. And we continue to expect our FERC notice of schedule here during the second quarter. So before I hand things over to Peter for a financial update, I want to summarize on Slide 9. So we have, for years, talked to investors about delivering 5% to 6% annual earnings per share growth with high reliability and consistency and pairing that with healthy dividend growth. And on the right side of the Slide in the ovals, you can see that our actual EPS growth in recent years has been 6.5% and we have grown the dividend at just above 5.5%. And given our start to 2016 in the first quarter, as I said earlier, I feel really good about our ability to continue that pattern over the course of this year. So with that said, Peter over to you.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks, Gerry, and good morning to everyone. I'll just start on Slide 11. And as Gerry mentioned, DTE Energy’s operating earnings for the first quarter were $1.52 per share, and for reference the reported earnings were $1.37 per share. For a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings, please refer to Slide 29 of the appendix. This Slide shows our quarter-over-quarter operating earnings by segment, I’ll start at the top of the page with our two utilities. It is important to remember that the first quarter last year was one of the coldest on record. In fact, February of 2015 was the coldest February in the last 50 years. The first quarter of 2016 was actually one of the warmest on record. So, primarily driven by weather, earnings for both electric and gas utilities were down quarter-over-quarter. DTE Electric’s earnings were $127 million for the first quarter of this year compared to $136 million last year. Along with weather, DTE Electric’s earnings were lower due to the absence of the revenue decoupling mechanism amortization in 2016. This revenue decoupling amortization was part of our strategy that extended the timeframe in between rate cases by four years. The amortization was offset by the implementation of new rates last July. A further breakdown of DTE Electric’s quarter-over-quarter results can be found in the appendix on Slide 21. For DTE Gas, earnings for the quarter were $87 million compared to $111 million last year. As stated earlier, the significant change in weather was the primary driver of this variance. Gas Storage and Pipeline earnings were $30 million for the quarter. Earnings for the quarter were up $3 million over last year due to higher pipeline and gathering earnings from production that came online after the first quarter of 2015. Storage earnings were also higher than last year due to lower maintenance expenses.  Moving down the slide, earnings for our powered industrial projects for $21 million for the quarter, down $12 million for the first quarter last year. This decrease is primarily driven by lower earnings in the steel sector. There's seasonal variability related to the REF volumes and for the balance of the year the REFs will help offset the steel sector decline. Earnings for corporate and other were a negative $7 million for this first quarter of 2016, $18 million favorable over last year due to our first quarter 2015 effective tax rate adjustment which unwound during the rest of that year. The earnings for our growth segments for the first quarter were $258 million or $1.43 per share compared to $282 million or $0.58 per share from last year. To round out our operating earnings, we include the results of our energy trading business. At energy trading, the first quarter operating earnings were $16 million, up $4 million from the first quarter last year driven by stronger realized gas portfolio performance. I trading company is off to another good start. Trading's economic contribution for the first quarter 2016 was $18 million. Slide 28 of the appendix contains our standard energy trading reconciliation showing both economic and accounting performance. We typically wait until the mid-year earnings call to assess the trading company's range of accounting income contribution for the year. At that point we have a good sense of how much accounting income will be flowing through to cover current year operating expenses. I'd like to move now to Slide 12. Slide 12 provides a quick overview of our capital expenditures through the first quarter of the year. Capital spending was lower than last year primarily due to the purchasing of a peaking generating asset in 2015. Our CapEx guidance range remains at $2.5 billion to $2.7 billion for 2016.  I'll go into more detail on some of our utility capital plans on the next two slides. I'd just like to turn now to Slide 13 and our electric utility. I want to highlight one of the key areas of focus for our electric utilities segment, which is improving customer related distribution reliability. We are making significant investments in our distribution infrastructure to improve reliability and address growth in certain areas of our service territory.  Over the next 10 years we'll spend $6.5 billion replacing aging infrastructure and overloaded substations, as well as consolidating existing substations and adding technology and automation to provide greater visibility in to the system for outage prevention and detection. As we said in the past this 10 year investment of $6.5 billion in distribution infrastructure can increase up to an additional $4 billion in reliability investments.  Customer affordability is at the forefront of our planning and will guide and determine how much total distribution or reliability investment we will do in this time frame.  Now at slide 14, this slide highlights a large component of our investment at DTE Gas expanded main renewal program. We will invest $600 million over the next five years upgrading the gas system. Our plan to replace 4,000 miles of cast iron and unprotected main steel was accelerated to cut the completion time in half from 50 years to 25 years. The MPSC approved the acceleration of the infrastructure recovery mechanism at the end of last year. Upgrading the gas main system benefits our customers by reducing costly leaks and assuring the basic gas infrastructure has service territory is there for future generations. As you can see from the previous two slides, our CapEx plan will address the needs of our customers and the aging infrastructure while being mindful of customer affordability. We've been consistent in our messaging over the years that maintaining a strong balance sheet is a priority. So on slide 15 provides a key balance sheet metrics we target and monitor. FFO to debt and leverage. This slide shows the projected level for each metric. Our near term equity issuance plans are $200 million to $300 million over the next three years, and we continue to evaluate our equity needs for this year. As we discussed on our year-end call, the extension of bonus depreciation provides $300 million to $400 million of favorable cash flow over the next five years, which help reduce our equity needs in the near term. The strength of our balance sheet sets us up nicely as we enter a period of incremental infrastructure improvements, and we're confident that our plans allow us to maintain this balance sheet strength. Let me wrap up on slide 17 and we can move to Q&A. This strong first quarter, even with a good amount of unfavorable weather, we are confident that we will achieve our operating earnings guidance of $4.80 to $5.05 per share, which will extend our streak to 10 consecutive years of meeting or exceeding our initial EPS guidance. We are making significant utilities infrastructure improvements that will continue to provide affordable and reliable service to our customers. We have meaningful investment opportunities at our gas pipeline segment with our investments in Millennium, Bluestone and the NEXUS pipeline. In our Power and Industrial Segment we have opportunities with building on site co-generation projects. Going forward, we continue to target operating EPS of 5% to 6% for our growth segments and part of our shareholder value equation is to continue to grow our dividends in line with these earnings. We maintain our commitment to a strong balance sheet, which can provide future growth opportunities. Before I open up to Q&A, I know many of you on the call have been waiting for my Detroit Tiger update. So I have to give a quick update of my hometown Detroit Tigers because no DTE earnings call would be complete without it. This year definitely started out well for the Tigers, but recently they've been having some problems with their pitching. The weather for this year's home opener game in Detroit was definitely favorable for our gas utility as it was one of the coldest home openers ever played in Comerica Park. Our fans braved the weather and packed Comerica Park to watch us beat the Yankees which was our 8th consecutive home opening win. It is always a good day when we beat the Yankees.  With that I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. So, Cynthia, we can open up the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jonathon Arnold from Deutsche Bank. 
Jonathon Arnold : Good morning, guys. 
Gerry Anderson: Good morning, Jonathon. 
Jonathon Arnold : Couple of quick questions. I think I understood that the delta in the tax rate on the quarter was primarily due to a higher-than-normal rate in Q1 last year. But I'm just curious if the 26% that we see on the GAAP income statement is what you consider to be normal here or whether there was also a benefit in Q1 kind of versus the run rate?
Peter Oleksiak: No, it is normal, and our effective tax rate is close to that 26%. So it will time out throughout the year. Last year just because of reported earnings being higher, we had higher tax expense that quarter which normalized throughout that year.
Jonathon Arnold : Great, okay. And then I was just curious – Gerry, in your opening remarks, you talked about having prepped for the El Nino winter and come out of it okay. You obviously had a big quarter in the trading business. I'm wondering if – was that part of the positioning for the winter? You set yourselves up there, or was it expense management? Just give us a little more flavor of what you were alluding to terms of the offset.
Gerry Anderson: When I said we came out of the quarter the way we wanted, I was really talking about our growth segments. The trading I would – it's really a separate discussion. So no, we weren't talking about positioning our trading company. What we really did is just look at the odds the way the El Nino was setting up last summer that we would have a warm winter, and the odds are very high when you look across past statistical data. So we all looked at ourselves and said, look, if the odds are this high, we're just going to take it as a given and plan for it.  So we did go into our expenses, we went after additional productivity in the business. So we always look for productivity improvements but we went for more than normal and that was hard work to put the plan together but it paid off. And we don't publish our plan, or make public our plan but I do feel really good about the way we exited the quarter in our growth businesses relative to the plan we had for the year and that's why you're hearing a confident tone on our ability to play out and meet or exceed our guidance for the year. Trading just is coming on, I mean they had a really good first quarter as Peter said, we usually wait until mid-year to kind of give you a better sense. So we'll probably at our mid-year call update you on those earnings and then give you probably a conservative forecast for where we think trading will land for the year.
Jonathon Arnold : Can you give any insight into how – what was the main driver of their performance in a risk context, perhaps? 
Gerry Anderson: We've been migrating that business more and more physical. So for example, the gas business is a very active business in moving gas both in the Marcellus and beginning to play in the Utica area to take gas to market. So that's been a growing and profitable segment. We also are a supplier to other utilities in some other full requirements services businesses. And that segment did very well for us this quarter. So it's kind of lining up supply for the utilities who are in markets that have restructured but still have a responsibility to supply their retail customers. We provide them wholesale to do that.
Jonathon Arnold : Great. Thank you very much guys.
Gerry Anderson: Great. Thanks
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Gregg Orrill from Barclays.
Gerry Anderson: Hey Greg.
Gregg Orrill: Yes, thank you. Hi. Could you talk a little bit more about the legislation and your thoughts around the prospects there and the timeline?
Gerry Anderson: So I've been saying for a while that Mike Nofs is a good guy to be steering this. Mike was one of two principal architects of the 2008 legislation so he's the most knowledgeable guy in the Michigan legislature on this whole topic. Mike has been working this is a very systematic way since early this year and he’s now moved it to a point where he feels like he's ready to take the bills, there are two bills – out into the open and take commentary this week and next and he’ll then evaluate, look do I feel like things are right for a vote. I think his intention is to come through that discussion period and bring it to a vote here some time in May, probably the first half of May ideally. And then that legislation will be pushed back over to the House. Then the question in the House is how quickly can it move there? Will they be in a position to move it before the summer recess, or like in 2008 will it come back after the summer recess and be acted on then. In 2008, just having been part of that, I spent kind of a year of my life involved in that one. The way it played out is actually in that case, the House finished the action just prior to the summer recess and then the Senate came back and acted right after the recess. So we'll wait and see, but I think the hope would be that we'll get out of the Senate and act on it in the House as well prior to the recess, but if that didn't happen, it could play out like 2008 did.
Gregg Orrill: Okay. Thanks.
Gerry Anderson: You bet.
Operator: And our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi. Good morning. 
Gerry Anderson: Good morning.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So just coming back to the NEXUS project, don't want to belabor this one too much this go-around. But just curious a little bit on the nature of the contracts signed, and specifically, if you could elaborate on future opportunities for further contracts, whether they are generators or utilities. And then ultimately, as you think about moving forward on the project, where do you stand under contracts today from an ROE perspective on the project? Taking it as a given that you are going to move forward, how does it compare versus what you are targeting ultimately in terms of the ROE range you've kind of alluded to?
Gerry Anderson: I think I'm going to turn this one over to Jerry Norcia. So Jerry, why don't you respond to those...
Jerry Norcia: Sure. Great. So the nature of the contracts we have on NEXUS today, about half the capacity is committed to by LDCs in Michigan as well as Ontario. And then we have three producers that are also anchor tenants. So I would say about half is LDCs and half is producers. In terms of incremental markets, I think it will come from both classes of customers. We're pursuing both LDCs in Ohio, Michigan, Ontario and the mid-west for incremental volumes, as well as other producers that are interested in moving gas for these markets. I think we are well positioned for that. So those discussions are underway. In terms of returns, we're happy to proceed with the returns that we have based on the contractual commitments that we have today. And as we've said before, I think we've got about two thirds of our total commitment signed with long term contracts today.
Gerry Anderson: So just to add on to that, I think we've said in discussions with investors previously, we typically move ahead with these projects at about 80% subscription level. We're a bit below that, obviously because the market took a pause while we were in process, but the combination of the geology here and those interconnect agreements, I mean those 1.75 BCF of interconnect agreements which really are a substantial part of our subscriptions right now, I mean that represents more capacity than the pipe itself has. So we think that'll be a significant source of future demand, not to mention markets in Illinois, Wisconsin, et cetera. So the combination of the quality of the geology and so forth is what's given us the confidence to move forward. I would say that you really create the hot value out of pipeline projects as you get full subscription and then expand. So I’d say we’re kind of down in the willing to proceed but not in the hot zone with the level that we're at. And so we are looking to add capacity over time.
Jerry Norcia: I’m sorry, go for it.
Gerry Anderson: No, I said add capacity. I really meant add new customers over time to first fill and then expand.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, all right. But no specific ROE expectations given the two-thirds, though?
Gerry Anderson: I would just characterize it as kind of meeting our threshold requirements. But we’re looking to move it from meeting our kind of threshold requirements to taking it up to what really makes a pipeline project sing, which is getting into the full and then expansion zone. So we're happy to proceed given where we stand now.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And then if I can ask you to elaborate a little bit on the P&I side of the equation. You commented on softness in the first quarter and specifically comment that REF would help offset it through the balance of the year. Can you elaborate a little bit more on specifically how those numbers are turning out? And then with regards to the P&I more broadly, how are you thinking about this business and the optimization of the overall portfolio businesses you have in the context of the pipe?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes we anticipated the softness in the steel sector, so we put that into our guidance as you look at the first quarter results that was anticipated when we published the guidance for the year. For the REF segment, that's tied to coal production. There is seasonality. Most of the coal production occurs in the third quarter. So we'll see those REF earnings helping to offset the steel sector. We also had some projects come in late last year on the REF segment. So you'll start seeing those materialize as well coming into at the second half of this year as well. So there is seasonality with the REF we do. And we overall are confident with the segment guidance that we put out there for P&I.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And with regards to the future P&I?
Gerry Anderson: I think on the future a couple thoughts. So REF will continue to be a good business and so is cash flow. Steel as well as things where we've been through this before. So we contract with our steel customers. But contracts rollover and we had one of the contracts roll over at a soft point in the steel cycle. But our typical experience is a couple years after the soft point you're often in a point of recovery and not long after that a hot point in the steel market. So I think we'll have the opportunity to see that part of the P&I business return. That's certainly been our experience over the years in past ups and downs in steel. The most active area for investment, I think Peter mentioned, is cogeneration projects. We have a number of those that are under serious discussion with counter parties. So we'd expect that to be the place where we could put quality capital to work. And we continue to be focused as we kind of laid out in our five-year plan on understanding that the REF earnings roll off in the early 2020s that we would back fill those earnings with quality investments like the cogeneration. And that's the plan for the company in terms of producing the 5% to 6% earnings through 2020 and beyond. So we've done a 10-year plan, we are counting on P&I growing in absolute terms, kind of holding its own as REF rolls out while the segments continue to grow.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it but then for this year, kind of flattish as one offsets the other.
Gerry Anderson: Yes, I think that's right, we're still feeling flattish. As Peter said steel was known and we knew that last September when we had analysts into Detroit. But REF is both cyclical and was a bit soft in the first quarter just because of a warm winter and substitution of gas for coal and those sorts of things. So it was down somewhat. But as we assess the prospects for the balance of the year, we still feel good about the guidance we have out there for the segment.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thanks. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Shar Pourreza from Goginham Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning. 
Gerry Anderson: Good morning. 
Peter Oleksiak: Morning, Shar. 
Shar Pourreza: Could we just get a quick update on Bluestone and then sort of if you could just elaborate on any contingencies you have in place? If sort of that production schedule with the producers remains kind of weak?
Peter Oleksiak: Go ahead, Gerry.
Gerry Anderson: Yes, I think right now we're feeling very good about the guidance we issued for the midstream segment. Production that's flowing is in line with what we had estimated. And actually we also feel good about the future there. I think the prospect for Southwestern drilling in that area as commodity prices continue to strengthen become more positive as time goes on. So we feel real good about where we are in 2016. 
Peter Oleksiak: Southwestern was out publically talking recently and I would say that what we are seeing in our exposure to Southwestern is very consistent with their comments publicly, and consistent with the plan that we have out. So when Gerry says we feel good, I think we'd say that it's consistent with what we expected and is playing out in a way that supports the plan. And then, you know, you look down the road you're beginning to see gas prices for early next year strengthen. I think they were $3-ish when we were talking about them yesterday. And you know, people keep concluding that the drilling's pulled back, but gas declined at 15% in the United States, and you can only allow a 15% decline before – only allow that for so long before you need to being to backfill it. And the most obvious place is for Southwestern and other people to begin drilling again is in the Northeast Marcellus and in the Utica I think the well quality there is still high. So our expectation is, is we've pushed up gas supplies in the country awfully hard in 2015. People are on a pause, but they're going to need to step back into it when they do, we expect it to be in the areas we have exposure to.
Shar Pourreza: Got it, that's helpful. And then could you just maybe elaborate on where you are at as far as any potential midstream acquisitions to fill any gaps? Or are we still kind of far off?
Gerry Anderson: We've been in the process of looking at many assets, or at least a handful of that we're very interested in. One of the things that we're finding is that these assets are still trading at premium values. Some recent transactions have illustrated that. We're – we still have a handful that we're looking at actively pursuing. I think in addition to that we are also looking at greenfield opportunities where we've had most of our success in the last 12 or 14 years in this space. So we've got both in motion to secure incremental growth for the business.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, got it. And just lastly on your capital outlook, I mean obviously you guys have more capital than you can afford. And I think historically, sort of the rate impact to the customer has been that sea link [ph]. What – is there any sort of guidance you could provide as far as what rate inflation you target when it comes to your spending outlook?
Gerry Anderson: If you look at our recent performance there, rates have been negative, so if you go back to 2012 and compare them to today we're down, and even after the current rate case plays out we'll be flat to down to 2012, so we've been able to work our way through a very heavy capital investment period with rates down. And I'm talking about base rates. The future – we've consistently say that we're trying to keep rate increases in the range of inflation, so around 3% as you work your way through one of these intense capital investment cycles. And that's going to require us to both measure the pace of capital investment but also keep the focus on productivity and continuous improvement that we've had in order to do that. So you know what the blend of capital and O&M is. We've got to keep the O&M. Our O&M in recent years, the increase has been zero. And when you can blend a zero with the increases that come from capital, you can hold it at something reasonable. Now we can't commit to zero in the future. But we've worked in the past very, very hard to keep it there. The future is, that's unlikely, you can't continue that forever. But we'll work hard on C&I and we will continue to measure the pace of investment. I think we've said that, for example in our distribution business, there's a lot of demand for investment. But we're going to have to high grade those projects and do the most important ones, we're really doing that from a customer affordability perspective.
Shar Pourreza: Terrific. Thanks so much. 
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Greg Gordon from Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon : Thanks. Good morning guys.
Gerry Anderson: Hi Greg.
Greg Gordon : I think you gave us a good framework for how you're thinking about power and industrials in terms of what you have to achieve to hit your guidance. But frankly, I think the stock is – has underperformed year to-date. Not because people are worried about your utility businesses, but because they are worried about that business and they are worried about the gas pipeline and storage business. And the hurdles to hit the guidance you've laid out. So focusing back on the pipeline business, NEXUS is two-thirds contracted, but these interconnect agreements are pretty substantial. Should we assume that shorter hauls for those interconnects at a certain percentage of those interconnect commitments could get you well into the range of an acceptable ROE on the pipe? Or do you need to get fully contracted for delivery to dawn at a higher percentage in order to hit your return hurdles or some combination of both?
Peter Oleksiak: So I think both will happen. So I think what these interconnect agreements that we have really provide pipeline with a lot of diversity and supply opportunity. So our shippers, long-term shippers on the pipe as well as new shippers that we expect to come on the pipe will use these interconnects as ways to deliver the various markets up and down the pipe, especially in Ohio. And the way I expect that those will turn into real opportunities and real commitments, absolutely. I think that's a given that that will happen. I think in terms of more long haul, we are in discussions with several parties to sign them for more long hauls. So I think what you'll see here as the pipeline build, you'll start to see those interconnects become very active market points for us, and provide what I'd call a lot of optionality to future shippers on a pipe. And I think that'll make it a very attractive pipeline that will allow us to get both short haul and long haul commitments. So I expect both to happen.
Greg Gordon: Okay. In terms of permitting, we just saw obviously a big negative surprise out of New York last week on a different pipeline project. What are the remaining permits you need, beyond just the FERC approval, to get this pipe into the ground?
Peter Oleksiak: I think the big one we're waiting for right now is a FERC notice of schedule, which we expect to happen during the second quarter. And I think we're in really good shape with that. We're getting very good feedback from the FERC in terms of the quality of our filings. I think a lot of our issues we're managing quite well – routing issues. We're well underway with our right-of-way acquisition process. And I think in terms of other permits, there are some large customary permits that come with a FERC-regulated pipeline, like the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and other various permits. But those are the big ones – I think the FERC order which we expect by the end of this year, and also the other large customary permits, I think they're proceeding very well at this point in time.
Greg Gordon: Okay. And then when I look at – go back and look at your year-end analyst deck, you said you – your aspiration is to grow operating earnings from $110 million at the midpoint in 2016 from this segment to $170 million in 2020. If Bluestone were to sort of flatline from here in terms of its earnings contribution and you didn't achieve any bolt-on acquisition, what would that number be? Would it be significantly lower? Would it be only modestly lower? Because really just the crux of the issue on people's problem with valuing the stock is concerns over the growth in this business.
Gerry Anderson: Yes, so I'd say the prospects of Bluestone flatlining are – I wouldn't frame it that way. We're expanding Bluestone, and we're expanding Millennium. And I think the prospects we see are from more of that. So there's – you were mentioning cancellation of a pipeline. What we're seeing in the Northeast is a continued pull for gas. They have to have gas for power generation, and the oil to gas conversions continue. So the demand for gas continues to be very, very strong, but there's real resistance in New York and other areas of the Northeast to new pipeline. I think that's what that's likely to do in fact, New York called this out explicitly is bias toward expansions of existing pipes. So I think the likelihood of some of this resistance you're seeing is that owners of existing position, including Millennium and Bluestone, will see people coming to them as the most credible and doable paths and expansion path to market. So I just start by saying – I think what we're seeing evolving in the market is a positive for the asset position you have there. Bluestone and Millennium are attached to really good geology and there's resistance in the market of creating new outlet, altogether new outlets for that geology, which means the existing ones are going to have to expand. And then the long-term growth in our NEXUS is an important part of that growth, but when look out five years and ask, what is the current dynamic in 2016 really mean for 2020? Not much. The gas demand in 2020 is going to be what it's going to be, and power generation conversions are going to be underway, and so the geology is going to have to deliver, the pipes are going to have to deliver. Now I think that you could say in the short-term did production get out in front of itself a bit with, a lot of excitement in the market. The answer to that is obviously yes, so there's an adjustment in the near-term, and it's changed the path to get to 2020, but the ultimate point that the market needs to achieve in 2020 hasn't changed for either production or delivery through pipes to meet demand. So we really don't see a lot of impact long-term, although the path to get there has changed from what it might have been.
Greg Gordon: Okay, thanks a lot, guys. Have a good day.
Gerry Anderson: You too, Greg.
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon: Good morning. Can you hear me?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, Paul. Good morning.
Gerry Anderson: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Ridzon: So with Senator Nofs prepared to move the bill this week, what do we read into that as far as any progress that may have been made with the schools and with the Chamber of Commerce?
Gerry Anderson: Senator Nofs has been in active discussion with the Chamber, and I think I will – I'm not going to put words in the Senator's mouth. The coalition he's put together I think would be better for him to play that out, but he has been in active discussion with the Chamber. I think he's also put some provisions in the bill that broaden its interest to his Democratic colleagues, so if you look at the energy efficiency provisions, that's positive in terms of broadening the appeal. He also does have the 30% goal. It’s not a mandate, but it’s a goal, by 2025 for renewables and energy efficiency. That’s something the administration has advocated for as we have democrats in the house. So I do think what you see is Senator Nofs listening very, very carefully to a whole range of participants trying to broaden the coalition to the point where he can be successful.
Paul Ridzon: And it’s my understanding that the bill, when we see it, will have a provision where shoppers who leave actually have the opportunity to come back. How are you thinking about that?
Gerry Anderson: Right. So, they do today and they will in the future. We never thought there would be or should be a prohibition on retail open access customers coming back. But the – I think what you’ll see when you look at the legislation is that there’s a lot more integrity now in terms of the reliability provisions related to this. So the suppliers to the retail open access market need to carry their fair share of local resources that needs to be real. Need to have ties to real local resources for reliability. Customers who leave the queue, if somebody should come out from under the cap and somebody goes in, we’ll be paying a demand charge, so there’s a series of provisions. So, without me going into all the details, that really do shore up the reliability for that – the reliability provisions related to that 10% of the market.
Paul Ridzon: Thank you very much.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Andrew Weisel from Macquarie Capital.
Andrew Weisel: Thanks. Good morning everyone.
Jerry Norcia: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: Quick question first on the distribution reliability. You are showing the $6.5 billion 10-year plan here. You’ve previously talked about potential for that to be over $10 billion even. Remind us: is that give it potential to add some of the extra stuff there? Does that depend on your ability to cut costs or the state energy law? Or what might be some of the swing factors of getting that into the plan? And when might those decisions be made?
Jerry Norcia: So, I think what we’ve said on that one is that there’s a lot of demand on our distribution system. It’s an aging infrastructure system as we evaluate the need, a need currently outstrips what we think customer affordability will enable. So in order for us to do more of that and kind of work our way into that backlog, it would depend on us finding productivity opportunities. Or if there were things, for example, that evolved on the generation side that were – required less capital, we could conceivably push some of this needed investment in. But we are kind of calibrating how much of that we do based upon affordability, because we’ve consistently said that companies that don’t pay careful attention to that when they’re going through a big investment cycle end up losing. You just need to go through these cycles in a way where your customers feel their affordability is workable. So that’s really what determines how much of the $10.5 billion we would spend versus the $6.5 billion. And you’re right, we can find either capital offsets or productivity offsets, those are the things that would enable us to do more of that needed investment.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, great. Next question is related to Millennium in New York. It’s something I already made reference to the -- a different pipeline basically getting shut down because of it because of regulators not supporting pipeline expansion there. Do you see any risk to the plans for Millennium specifically?
Jerry Norcia: The way I’ll answer that is that with our pipeline investments that we’ve been able to secure through the FERC as well as with New York regulators, for example, we’ve been able to secure an expansion of Bluestone most recently through the New York regulators, and that’s actually a pipeline regulated by New York in New York. And then, secondly, we secured the last two compressor expansions for Millennium through FERC as well as working with New York regulators. So I think what we’re – as Gerry described earlier, I think the regulators are pointing towards existing assets as ways to expand into a growing market. So, as you know, we’ve got a Millennium pipeline expansion where we’ve made a FERC pre-filing. That’s going well. We are in active conversations with regulators in Albany on that expansion, and we feel that those conversations are going well. So we – at this point, we feel pretty confident that we’ll secure our expansion approvals for Millennium.
Gerry Anderson: So Bluestone runs both in Pennsylvania and New York, so you need approvals out of both states. But our recent expansion of Bluestone – our conversations were very productive. And as Jerry mentioned, same is true for Millennium. So our experience has been that, when the need is clear and you’re dealing with an existing asset with I guess you’d say more modest implications. You can have a productive conversation and work your way through it, and that’s what our last two rounds of discussion in Albany have produced.
Andrew Weisel: Very good. Last question. You added a comment there about continuing to evaluate current-year equity needs. You previously talked about targeting $100 million of equity in 2016. Which direction are you thinking? Are you trying to find ways to maybe reduce that number? Or is that more an implication that if you were to make an acquisition, for example in the midstream business, maybe you would issue some equity?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. We always go into the year – we have a big focus on cash in the company, and so we did indicate that over the three-year period, it’s a $200 million to $300 million and then we potentially can do up to $100 million this year. We’re assessing that. Our goal would be if we can to make that zero. It’s probably too early to say that. We’re going to see how the year plays out and the cash flows of the company plays out. I’ll still say that $200 million to $300 million over the three-year period, it’s still a good number and we’re assessing how much do we actually need to do of that $200 million to $300 million this year.
Andrew Weisel: So it’s more a timing?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes.
Gerry Anderson: Well I’d say I think what Peter is indicating is that I think our Q says up to $100 million, which implies that the bias would be down given everything we know, but your comment was also right. If we found a great opportunity for investment that we thought create a lot of value that could be the thing that pushes you up toward the high end of equity. So those are really the two balances, as Peter said, we’re always working cash and cash flow. And we’re off to a good start. So our hope would be to be playing out in the up-to zone, not the add $100 million, and the one potential offset is if we found a great investment.
Andrew Weisel: And will the equity needs have an impact on the dividend decision, which you typically announce in June, and have a relatively low payout ratio?
Gerry Anderson: No. We typically will grow the dividend in line with the earnings versus the amount. So the amount of equity we’re issuing is not going to have an impact on our dividend decision.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Thank you very much guys.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time, I would like to turn our conference back over to today’s speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Gerry Anderson: Well, I will just wrap up by again thanking everybody for joining the call this morning. As I said at the outset, one quarter into the year, we feel very good about how things are progressing versus planned both with respect to earnings and relative to a number of our key priorities. Look forward to giving you all updates. We’ll be down at AGA and a number of other conferences before we’re back on a call like this for the mid-year. So thanks for joining. Look forward to talking to you soon.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-10 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Anastasia Minor - IR Gerry Anderson - Chairman and CEO Peter Oleksiak - SVP and CFO Jerry Norcia - President and COO, DTE Electric and Gas Storage and Pipelines
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Capital Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the DTE Energy 2015 Year Ending Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. And at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Anastasia Minor. Please go ahead, Ms. Minor.
Anastasia Minor: Thank you, Shavan [ph], and good morning everyone. Welcome to our 2015 year end earnings call. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2 of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes reference to operating earnings, which is the non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP net income to operating earnings provided in the appendix of today's presentation. And starting last quarter, we are now including additional sales data in the appendix of our presentation, which has historically been provided in a separate supplemental document. With us this morning are Gerry Anderson, our Chairman and CEO; Peter Oleksiak, our Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jerry Norcia, President and COO of DTE Electric and Gas Storage and Pipelines. We also have members of our management team with us to call on during the Q&A session. And now I would like to turn it over to Gerry to start our call this morning.
Gerry Anderson: Well, thanks Anastasia. Good morning everybody. Thanks for joining us. I'm going to use my time this morning to recap our performance in 2015 and to preview 2016, but in a nutshell, I am glad to be in a position to say that we had a very successful year in 2015, not only financially, but on many other fronts. And I feel we're well-positioned for a similarly strong year in 2016, and we are off to a good start on that one month into things. So moving on to Slide 4, I'm going to start by recapping our accomplishments in 2015. Then I'll give you a quick energy policy update, and then move on to long-term growth. Then I'll turn things over to Peter Oleksiak to give you a bit more detail on our financials, and then we'll wrap up. So I'm going to provide the 2015 recap within the context of our system of priorities that's laid out on Slide 5. And those of you who followed us for a number of years know that we consistently work the system of priorities for the last half-dozen years. And for those of you less familiar, I'll just give you a quick grounding and then I'll move on to the summary. But system really starts on Slide 5, with employees, and a belief that it's hard to be an excellent or great company when you've got employees who have mediocre energy. So we put a lot of time and focus on engagement in the energy and focus of our employees. Believing that if we get that right, that we can focus those employees on top-decile customer satisfaction, doing a great job for our customers, on continuous improvement that we focus on intensely, and on growing the company. And if we do those three things right, if we serve our customers well, manage our costs well, and grow, and connect that growth to the economic development of our communities, then the prospects for constructive political and regulatory treatment are higher. And if you combine constructive regulation with healthy growth, we produce great outcomes for you. And for us, that means consistent predictable 5% to 6% earnings growth, combined with an attractive dividend and dividend growth, founded on a strong balance sheet. So page six then begins a recap of our accomplishments against that system of priorities this past year. And I'll start with the employees, and say that for the third consecutive year, we earned Gallup -- the Gallup Organization's Great Workplace Award, that's given to a handful of companies worldwide each year, and we're the only utility company to ever receive it. We were, again, in the top 15% of their worldwide database. So that was very encouraging. We also achieved the best safety result in our company's history; the lowest OSHA rate we've ever had. We're now approaching the safest-in-industry level. And that is our explicit goal. In fact, we had the safest January in our company history by a pretty wide margin recently as well. And then the National Safety Council has us ranked in the top 3% of their 670 participating companies. So we're in the top-20 of their nearly 700 companies. Moving on to continuous improvement, I was really glad to see our customer outage minutes drop sharply this past year by 65%. That's been a key focus for us. We got some help from the weather, but we also had really strong underlying change in our performance. So that's a good thing. Our fossil fleet was top-quartile in its reliability for the fourth consecutive year. We're nearing top-decile in our gas leak and leak repair program, also an area we're very focused on. And I think importantly for you, our utility O&M costs were down year-over-year, and we remain below 2008 levels, and near the very front of the industry in terms of O&M cost management. On the customer front, our Electric Company was top-quartile for both residential and business. In fact, our residential was number two in our peer group. DT Gas ranked number one in 2015 on business customer satisfaction, and number two in residential customer satisfaction. So when you look at the overall set of customer SAT metrics, we had a strong year in 2015. Moving on to Slide 7, on the political and regulatory front, I'd say we had a constructive outcome on our electric rate case that went final late last year. And we also filed late last year our first gas rate case in four years. We're entering the final stages of discussions on Michigan energy policy, and I'll talk more about that a little bit later. And we have now reached the point where our spent with Michigan suppliers has doubled since we started the program back in 2011, nearly $1 billion spent with Michigan suppliers, up from 475 million, back in 2011. That's an important program for us. On the growth and value front, we invested $2.4 billion, 2.1 billion of that was in our utilities, focused on infrastructure, and reliability, and continued investment in renewables. And we also had significant investments, as I think you're aware, in our gas storage and pipeline business around our Bluestone assets. And we also made significant progress on both the NEXUS Pipeline and expansions of the Millennium pipeline, so significant capital to support future growth. Then finally on the financial front, operating EPS at $4.82 that compares to our guidance coming into the year of $4.60 was our eighth consecutive year of delivering EPS at or above the top end of our original guidance. And in addition, we increased our dividend by nearly 6%, to $2.92 a share. So based on that recap of 2015, I hope you can see why I said at the outset that we had a very successful year in 2015, not only financially, but on many other fronts. And though I know it's natural for you to focus most heavily on our financial results, in the end those financial results are closely tied to fairness and the quality of our regulation. And in turn, the quality of our regulation is contingent on how well we do controlling our costs via continuous improvement, and how well we serve our customers, and how we invest in our communities. And so staying focused on the full spectrum of our priorities is really key to our long-term performance. Moving on to Slide 8, I'm now going to take a minute to update you on energy policy discussions in Michigan. And those are summarized at high level on Slide 9. As you're well aware, Michigan's been considering updates to its energy laws since last year. And the move to update the current legislation was tied to the need to remake Michigan's power generation fleet. And it focuses, the legislation focuses on reforming its retail open access provisions, defining an integrated resource planning process to choose our future generation mix, and on clarifying the role of renewables and energy efficiency in the future. So late in 2015, a package of bills moved out of the House Energy Policy Committee. And early this year, the focus has moved to the Senate. Now Senator Mike Nofs, who is chair of the Senate Energy and Technology Committee, is now leading the effort to define consensus legislation that will be supported by a strong coalition. And I have to say that Nofs is really well-suited to this role. He was a principal author of our state's 2008 energy legislation. And he is as knowledgeable and experienced as any legislator in the state in this area. So we continue to work closely with Senator Nofs to define and pass this legislation in the first half of the year. And we believe that's achievable. As I said a minute ago, the goal of this legislation is to enable the transition, depicted on Slide 10, between 2015, and 2030, driven by the aging of our power plants, and the clear power plan, our generation fleet will transition from one dominated by coal-fired generation to one with a much heavier mix of gas and renewables. And we began the detailed planning for this transition as you would expect. In fact, some of our early investments will play out this year. That will add 50 more megawatts of wind to our wind production here in Michigan. And we will invest in our first large scale solar facility, a 50-megawatt installation north to Detroit. I am sure that you all saw that the Supreme Court yesterday stayed the implementation of Clean Power plan. I must say that that was a surprise to me. It's unusual to stay a regulation prior to litigation in the lower courts. People speculated about the possibility, but I don't know that lot of people considered it likely; so, somewhat of a surprise. We'll have to see how the legal challenge continues to evolve. A quick reaction was kind of night to sleep on it is to I am not sure much will change for us at least in the first half of the 15-year Clean Power plan implementation period. And that's because we and I think many in the industry are dealing with during that period with a replacement of very old smaller and marginally economical plants, especially given gas prices now. We're dealing with those sorts of plants during that period. But as you look to the latter half of the plan, as you get out in the later years 2025 to 2030, you do start to take on some of the larger facilities. So if it turned that the Clean Power plan were changed in some way, those years I think could be effective. But that's said, there is a lot of water that needs to flow over the dam before we get to specific about the impacts of the stay. It could range anywhere from the rule being stayed, litigated, some refinements made in the Clean Power plan moves ahead without much change in its impact, few things that are more impactful than that. So we just have to wait and see as it evolves. Moving on to Slide 11, I am going to turn now to an update on our long-term growth and its drivers. Beginning with a recap of our 2015 results as well as our 2016 guidance and that's laid out on Slide 12. So we finished with strong results in 2015 as you can see at the top left. Our initial guidance for last year was 460. We upped that guidance twice over the course of the year, ultimately to 478 at a fall analyst day. And in the end, we delivered 482. And as I said earlier, that's the eight consecutive year in which we've met or beaten the top end of our guidance. Though we talk about 5% to 6% earnings per share growth, you can see in the oval at the top right that our actual growth in recent years has been 6.5%. This growth has been driven by our portfolio businesses that have worked well together with steady growth from our two utilities and some growth upside from our non-utility businesses. For 2016, the midpoint of our guidance as you see it's top right is $4.93. I feel very good about our ability to deliver that result or exceed it. As we always do, we entered 2016 with specific plan to address potential risks or uncertainties in our budget. And though I entered the year worried about Super El Nino weather, January was pretty close to normal. And we are off to a good start on the year. And as I sit here talking to you, it's cold and snowing outside, so February is not matching the worries I entered the year with either to this point. Moving on to the bottom of the slide, we increased our dividend in 2015 by 5.8%. And I have said consistently that it's our intention to grow dividend as we grow earnings and the oval at the bottom right shows that that's been our pattern in recent years and I expect that pattern to continue in 2016. I am going to turn now from a focus on 2015 and '16 to a focus on our longer term growth and investments and I'll begin that discussion on Slide 13. So the underpinning of our future growth is the investment profile that you see on this slide and as you can see our investment level over the next five years will be up on the order of 30% versus the last five years. And as I'll describe over the next few minutes, this increased investment is playing out in nearly all of our business units, in our electric and gas utilities to address ageing infrastructure and reliability issues as well as the beginning of our generation fleet renewal, and in our gas storage and pipelines business to capitalize on the opportunity to move Marcellus and Utica gas, which are the highest quality gas reserves in the country, to nearby markets via our Millennium, Bluestone, and NEXUS assets. Moving to Slide 14; within our electric utility, investing in our distribution assets to address ageing infrastructure and improved reliability has emerged as a key area of focus for us. As you can see on the left-hand side of the slide, of the 18 billion we project we will invest in our electric utility over the next decade, more than a third, 6.5 billion in our base case, is started at our distribution infrastructure. And frankly, the underlying need is larger than that. And this focus really comes from listening to our customers. So, we're approaching the top end of J.D. Power's Midwest customer satisfaction rankings. The biggest gap between us and the top rank performer is in distribution reliability. And so moving on to Slide 15, we are making significant investments in distribution infrastructure resilience that improves reliability. And we are doing that replacing ageing infrastructure and addressing our circuits with lowest reliability. We're also seeing the need to re-design our distribution infrastructure to address growth in some of our areas. Many of our substations are now overloaded and need to be upgraded or replaced. We're moving to do this, for example, in Ann Arbor where growth of both community and the university are overwhelming our infrastructure there. And we are doing the same in downtown Detroit. So we have a new $600 million Red Wings arena and multi-entertainment facility going in and probably over a billion dollars of growth when you take into account everything that's happening around it that is going to require a lot of electric infrastructure. We've a similar project under to enable a new multibillion dollar bridge between Detroit and Canada that requires a lot of infrastructure investment. So, these are the sort of things that we're undertaking on the distribution front. But as we undertake this investment agenda, we're keeping a very close eye on affordability because our customers are asking for improved reliability and we do need to renew our ageing infrastructure, but we've got to maintain affordability and competitiveness while we do that. And so the next few slides show that we've done well on that front in recent years as well on the affordability front. So, on Slide 16, you can see that residential bills for both our gas and electric customers are down in recent years. The electric bills are down principally due to continuous improvement work and rate reductions. Even after our more recent rate case finalized in December, our bills are below 2012 levels. We filed our next electric rate case just a little while ago, week or so ago. But even after that case plays out, bills will be flat to levels five years earlier. In our gas utility on the right-hand side, bills this year are down materially from levels in 2012, driven most definitely by gas prices. We also have a gas rate case in process that was filed last year. But we projected bills still be 10% lower than 5 years earlier after that case is finalized in December. With respect to our industrial customers, you can see on Slide 17, that our rates are below both U.S. average and the Great Lakes average. And five years ago, this wasn't the case but we've made good progress in recent years. And pushing to the left on this distribution, our industrial rates have declined 22% since 2013, which had been really important for the competitiveness and economics of this group of customers. I am going to turn now from -- to utilities to an update on our gas storage and pipelines business. Slide 18 lays out the footprints of this business. And I want to focus on two portions of the footprint today. The Millennium pipeline in Marcellus Shale, which you see on the right-hand side of the slide, along with the adjacent Bluestone assets, this area has been a source of significant growth in recent years and continues to see expansion opportunities, so a lot of focus on that. In addition, I want to focus on the NEXUS Pipeline in yellow on the slide, which is positioned to play a similar role in the Utica Shale in the years ahead. Moving on to slide 19, I am going to start with an update on the NEXUS Pipeline. And I'll start by saying that as things have emerged, NEXUS is arguably positioned to tap the best gas reserves geology in North America. The dry gas well reserves in the region directly adjacent to our NEXUS Pipeline are staggering. When industry observers ranked Shale plays, this region of the Utica shows up at the very front of the industry cost curve, highly competitive. And so as the gas industry rationalizes supply across basins, which it needs to do, everything suggests that the Utica will be a winner and that investment will concentrate there. And as a result, we believe very strongly in the fundamentals that support this pipe. Development of the NEXUS projects continues to move along. So we completed our FERC filing late last year. The pipe is about two-thirds contracted. Significant portion of that volume is with utilities, including the Ontario operations of Spectra and Enbridge. In late last year, the Ontario Energy Board approved their off-take positions. We're also in what I would characterize as advanced discussions with additional counter parties interested in positions on the pipe. And importantly, we've signed interconnect agreements in Northern Ohio, which is the root of this pipe, totally 1.4 Bcf per day with gas LDCs, power plants and industrials which should provide additional demand for NEXUS over time. Now we are watching and managing dynamics in the E&P sector closely. But as I said earlier, we really do believe that as the sector rationalizes supply, the region served by this pipe is going to benefit. So bottom line, we and our partner Spectra continue to move this pipe forward. And 2016 will be an important year in its development. With respect to our Millennium Pipeline, we continue to see strong interest in expansions. So we're pursuing a 200 million cubic per day expansion currently. We filed our FERC pre-approval a couple of weeks ago. And our projected in service is 2018 on that. That expansion is really to access higher prices northeast markets rather than lower priced southern markets. We are also building a lateral off of Millennium, the 8 mile Valley Lateral which should go into service next year. Additionally, we're seeing interest in expanding Millennium from northeast utilities. That's serious interest. And I believe our discussions with them will lead to additional Millennium expansions down the road. What all this means for earnings in the gas storage and pipeline business is laid out on slide 20. Last year was a big year for earnings growth in this business. Earnings grew by 30% year-over-year to 107 million in 2015. And that growth was driven by our activities in the Marcellus tied to our Millennium Pipeline and the Bluestone assets. This year the midpoint of our guidance is 110 million. So we're projecting some growth, but slower growth obviously than last year after the big push up and that's really given the reduced activity level we see by E&P players. I would say that we're also looking carefully for investment or acquisition opportunities that stress in the E&P and MLP spaces might offer us. Longer term, we do continue to target 170 million in earnings by 2020. And although the current E&P sector dynamics will cause a pause in drilling investment this year, we expect little or no impact long term. The country needs growing gas supplies. Productions from existing wells declined 15% a year as we can't wait very long before the drilling has to resume and our pipes are in the right locations to benefit and grow if that occurs over the next 5 years. So everybody is watching what happens over the coming months. But as you look out beyond that, this country is going to have to drill a lot of natural gas wells, just fundamental supply and demand says that. And the Marcellus counties that we are in and Utica are the places the drilling dollar should go. I am going to wrap up my remarks with a few thoughts on our power and industrial business. Then I'll turn things over to Peter. On Slide 21, our power and industrial business operates contracted assets at 66 sites across the country in three business lines: industrial energy services, renewable energy, and reduced emission fuels or REF for short. On Slide 22, you see that this business line had earnings of 95 million in 2015. And the midpoint of guidance for this year is also 95 million, so flat from 2015 to 16. Two dynamics underlie this guidance. One of our assets that serve steel industry rolled over its contract last year. You are probably aware the steel industry is in a cyclical downturn right now. So, our earnings from that asset declined. But offsetting that dynamic is the fact that we expect our REF earnings to grow, so 95 million for this year. And longer term consistent with what we communicated previously, our 2020 earnings target 105 million in this segment as our REF project sunset out in the early 2020, we intend to back drill with investments in co-generation which we are working actively and opportunities on the asset acquisition front. And with that, Peter, I am going to turn it over to you for our financial update.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks, Gerry, and good morning everyone. As most of you know, I like to take advantage of having the microphone on this earnings call giving update on my Detroit Tigers. Now with the Super Bowl over, all the focus is going to be on the upcoming baseball season. Speed training will be starting soon. I have high hopes for my hometown team. If the Tigers were ranked by number one by MLD.com for the improved team after all the off season moves; won't be making any predictions this year. Let's just say I am hoping for a playoff run. Enough about the Tigers, like to give you financial update and review of the 2015 earnings before we get to your questions, starting on Slide 24. And as Gerry mentioned, the DTE Energy operating earnings came in strong at $4.82 per share. For DTE, a detailed breakdown of the EPS by segments including a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings, please refer to Slide 43 of the appendix. Slide 24 shows year-over-year operating earnings by segment; first going to focus on the middle column which shows 2015 results. Let me start first with the total earnings for the growth segments. Earnings for our growth segments were 848 million or $4.73 per share. This is an increase of 52 million or $0.25 per share over 2014. Our largest subsidiary DTE Electric earned 562 million. It was up 34 million driven by implementation of new rates and return of a more normal weather in 2015. I will be going over the DTE Electrics earning results in more detail on the next slide, but let me continue on this page. DTE Gas 2015 earnings of 132 million were 8 million below 2014 earnings as we returned to a more normal weather in 2015 after one of the coldest winters on record in 2014. The weather impact was partially offset by a reinvestment and distribution and transmission assets in 2014. These were not repeated in 2015. Moving down the page, our gas storage and pipeline segment had a very good year as Gerry Anderson indicated, with operating earnings of 107 million which is 25 million higher than 2014. This is a 30% increase earnings and was driven by higher volumes in Bluestone lateral and gathering assets. Earnings for power and industrial projects were 95 million, are up 5 million from 2014. This increase is driven by strong performance in our renewable business and REF, partially offset by lower earnings in steel. Earnings for corporate and other was negative 48 million in 2015 or 4 million lower than 2014, driven by higher interest expense. So as I mentioned, total operating earnings for growth segments were 848 million or $4.73 per share, which is up 5.6% over the 2014 total growth segment EPS. To round out our operating earnings, we conclude results of our Energy Trading business. At Energy Trading 2015 earnings were 50 million, which were down 50 million for 2014 driven by a lower realized performance on a gas portfolio. Actually our trading company had a great year economically. The contribution for 2015 was 54 million, which is double our targeted annual level of 20 to 25 million. As a reminder, slide 42 of the appendix contains our standard Energy Trading reconciliation showing both economic and accounting performance. Let's turn to page to slide 25 and as indicated I want to give a little more detail on our electric utility performance. DTE Electric's 2015 earnings were 562 million, which was 34 million then higher than 2014. There were three significant drivers of this variance. First, the return to more normal weather in 2015, if you recall the summer of 2014 was much colder than normal, while this summer was near normal. Second, the new rate implementation midyear to support the capital spent to improve distribution and generation infrastructure. These rates were subsequently approved by the MPSC in December. The rate implementation is partially offset by the cost associated with these investments such as the depreciation property taxes and interest. And finally, we experienced lower storm activity in 2015. This is a significant decrease when compared to 2014, we saw multiple storms, including a storm in September in '14 that impacted over 400,000 customers, which represent about 20% of our electric customers. This lower summer expense was partially offset by 2014 lean initiatives, which were not repeated in 2015. Although not as large of a variance, I did want to touch on year-over-year the sales volume effect was just down 6 million. We have provided on page 41 of the appendix more details on the sale volumes by customer class. But let me first start by saying that the underlying economic indicators were our service territory in Michigan are solid. Customer accounts have increased, in total, in our residential and our commercial customer classes. And this reduction of year-over-year sales was driven by lower volumes in our industrial segment, due mainly to the weakness in the steel market. This impact was partially offset, vindicated by an uptick in commercial sales. And residential are relatively flat, driven by economic and customer growth, but offset by increased energy efficiency. And we continue to see the benefits of our energy efficiency program to help our customers reduce usage, and help keep their average bills affordable. Now I'd like to review 2016 earnings on Slide 26. As Gerry mentioned upfront, our guidance range for 2016 is $4.80 per share to $5.05 per share, providing a mid-point of $4.93 per share. Total earnings per share guidance is unchanged from our early outlook introduced at our investor day in September of 2015. Earnings ranges for each segment have been refined, and our equity issuance target is now reduced to 100 million, providing lower total share outstanding. Compared to 2016 to 2015 actuals, utility earnings are higher due to increased rate supporting our customer-related investments; continue to strengthen our pipeline and gather platforms, drive the increase in the gas storage and pipelines, including a full year contribution of the gathering bill that took place in 2015. Our P&I earnings into 2016 remain strong, as the increased REF earnings help offset the near-term reduction related to our steel industry assets. Overall, earnings per share for our gross segments are expected to increase from $4.73, in 2015, to $4.93 a share, giving us a year-over-year growth of 4.2%, but when you look back to the initial guidance of '15 to initial guidance of 2016, the growth is 7%. Moving on to Slide 27, I'd like to touch base on how bonus depreciation extension has impacted our plan. We expect the extension to provide $300 million to $400 million of favorable cash flow over the five-year period. But based on the change, as well as other adjustments to our plan, we are now targeting a range of 200 million to 300 million of equity issuance for the 2016 to 2018 period, compared to our previous disclosure of 800 million that you can see on the chart. As I mentioned on our guidance page, we expect to issue about 100 million of this in 2016. We mentioned times in the past that maintaining a strong balance sheet is a priority for us. If you turn to Slide 28, you can see key balance sheet metrics on which we target, and that we also monitor FFO to debt leverage. And this slide shows that the projected level for each metric. And as you can see, we are in the targeted range for the next three years. 2015, we issued a modest amount of equity, actually needing less than 10% of our capital expenditures to be financed with new equity. The strength of our balance sheet sets us up nicely as we enter a period of historical high capital spend. Now let me wrap it up, on Slide 30, and then we can move to the Q&A with the summary. 2015 was a very good year. And we are well-positioned to have a successful 2016. DTE has historically delivered on its growth targets, and actually have exceeded our growth targets over the recent history. We provided 6.5% annual EPS growth over the last five years. As we look forward, we continue to target operating EPS growth of 5% to 6% for our growth segments. And then part of our shareholder value equation is to continue to grow our dividends in line with these earnings. We have meaningful investments in our non-utilities, that which will drive continued growth in those segments. And we have significant utility investments in reliability and generation modernization that affordable, clean, and reliable service to our customers. The constructive regulatory environment we have in Michigan, coupled with our focus on operational excellence in delivering high customer satisfaction, provides a good foundation as we move into an era of replacing and upgrading our aging utility infrastructure. So before I actually turn the call over for questions, I'd like to recognize Anastasia Minor. This is Anastasia Minor's last call, so a little shutout to Anastasia. I know been easy to receive the email blast yesterday on announcement so I'm sure I'll hear from you when I'm on the road. But I'd like to say that we're leaving it -- and actually Anastasia is not leaving the company, she's a key member of our management team, and moving into a different role. But we're leaving the job in the good hands. Barb Tuckfield is moving into the role, coming off fresh from her gas utility controller assignment. So with that I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. So, Shavan [ph], we can open up the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Oleksiak. [Operator Instructions] And we will now take our first question from Dan Eggers of Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers: Hi, good morning guys. Gerry, I think a lot of the legislation discussion has been in part addressing the energy policy but in part kind of trying to get ahead of the CPP a little bit. With the legislation having taken a lot longer than anybody would have expected, do you see this as a reason or a cause for legislation to slow down again or a reevaluation of kind of some of these priorities would seem to be focused on addressing CPP issues?
Gerry Anderson: I don't think Mike Nofs will see any reason to slow down. I think he understands that we've got a lot to take care of on the energy front over the next 10 to 15 years, and that things come and go in terms of regulation, legislation, and policy. As I said, I'm not here to speak for consumers, but they've got a bunch of plans retiring in the near-term. We do also. We've been pretty visible with the older plants that are going to be coming offline. So both companies and the state will need to backfill those with investments, and this legislation is -- really recognizes that we're headed into that period. So I -- there may be people who really don't like the Clean Power plan, who say, slow down, stop, but Mike Nofs won't be one of them, nor will we.
Dan Eggers: Okay. And I guess just on the NEXUS front, with two-thirds contracted at this point in time, what is your feeling for when you guys might fill in more of that to get to a fully comfortable position on the pipe? And can you just remind us how much of that is maybe percentage-wise covered by utilities rather than producers?
Gerry Anderson: About half of that is utilities, and half is producers, and so I'd say a couple of things. And then I'll have Jerry Norcia, who's here, and President of the Group to add his thoughts to mine. But I mentioned during my comments that we have very active discussions with other parties interested in the pipe. So we're hopeful that those will play out this year. The other thing I'd say is, we and Spectra, both continue to evaluate this pipe and the fundamentals of it are just so strong. When you look at the fact that it's arguably runs into the very best dry gas region in North America, and then connects that to the largest storage of -- market storage hub in the Midwest-Northeast, and supplies into Ontario, Michigan, and the Chicago markets via the pipeline networks, that, we really are strong believers in the fundaments. To get back to the original question, we would think that we'll bring additional demand on this year from some of the discussions we have underway. And then that 1.4 Bcf of interconnection across Northern Ohio, we think will add demand over time beyond that. Jerry, any thoughts you'd add in addition to this?
Jerry Norcia: Gerry, you said it extremely well. So, again, I just, really to summarize. A pipeline with great market access to Ontario, Michigan, and really supported by LDCs. And I think that really distinguishes this pipe from other pipes. I mean, I think you're seeing that other pipes are somewhat struggling with routing issues out of this basin, as well as market issues. And I think the fact that we've got a strong LDC base distinguished this pipe when we first proposed it, and now it's even a greater distinguishing factor. So we're still very supportive moving forward. Everything is on schedule from a FERC perspective. The feedback we're getting from FERC is that we've submitted a high quality product. We've got a great partner in Spectra, who is very experienced in executing these type of projects. So we're feeling really good about where we're at right now with our market, as well as our supply.
Dan Eggers: Got it, very good. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And we will take our next question now from Neel Mitra from Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra: Hi, good morning.
Gerry Anderson: Good morning, Neel.
Neel Mitra: I had a follow-up question on NEXUS. It seems like on the demand side it's really strong. How are you -- generally, how are you viewing the discussions with the producers right now on the upstream side? Obviously a lot of guys are feeling pain. Is there any discussion on delaying on the pipe or do you feel strongly from that perspective?
Gerry Anderson: You know, that's a really good question. And sometimes when you're in some of these developments, and there's stress in the sector, you have people approaching you, trying to restructure or retime things. And we are just not getting that. And I think it's because of the quality of the assets in the region. So we continue to get strong support, and no waiver from the participants in the projects, either producer, and obviously not utility. That answer the question?
Neel Mitra: Yes, that's great. Thank you. And then on the power and industrial segment, in your analyst day you brought up the steel customer. Could you just talk about the general appetite from industrial customers, given that there's some concern over an industrial recession coming up, and specifically how that relates to you, and in your conversations?
Gerry Anderson: So the projects in that industrial portfolio are contracted, but they do roll over. So I think our average duration is seven years or so. But that means every seven years some of your assets, on average, are going to roll. But in between they don't have volume or commodity price sensitivity. So we're not worried about the balance of the portfolio. This one was a coke battery, it rolled at a time when pricing was down, and so we had to roll with the market when we re-contracted. And so that took some earnings out of that segment. But we had growth elsewhere, and we're able to -- the segment is not growing this year, but we're able to hold performance. So those are the dynamics. We don't have any other important contracts that have exposure to industrial weakness here.
Neel Mitra: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Gerry Anderson: Welcome.
Operator: And our next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS. Thank you.
Gerry Anderson: Hi, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi, good morning.
Gerry Anderson: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So, perhaps to follow-up on the legislative question, I just wanted to make sure I am hearing you right. Are you feeling comfortable about the outlook for earnings growth sort of even if the legislation is delayed beyond this year or if it just simply doesn't happen? I just wanted to get a sense of the puts and takes in your budget and your comfort within it. Obviously you work with a certain amount of, quote, whitespace. How are you feeling about it?
Gerry Anderson: I guess I would say, I don't think implementation of the legislation, if you were to try to draw a direct link between that an earnings, there really isn't one. The legislation was targeted at two things, one is, if we're going to remake our generation infrastructure we should have a good planning process for doing that. So the legislation focuses on an IRP process. And having a process where variety parties can get their oar in the water, to talk about what the mix of generation should be. And I still think we need to do that. The second what was really focused on, fairness, which was around retail open access. If we're going to be investing in generation, everybody should participate economically in those investments. So that's a fairness question. But if you try to move from those two things, a good planning process and fairness, to our earnings, there really isn't a link between the two. We think the legislation is important to have a really well-defined and fair process for moving forward. But we're going to move on with the distribution investments, and the power plant retirements, and so forth either way. We really have to. Some of these power plants are just old. I'll give you an example. We got one I can see from where we're doing the call here that just had a major component failure. That unit is not going to run. And we think it's highly likely. And the reason is it's just old enough and marginal enough that we've got to move on. And so we've got numerous assets in that sort of position, where we really are evaluating just how much longer it makes sense to invest versus move on. And some of the plants that are from the '50s and '60s, it's time to move on. So what I said earlier, that I don't see the early years of the clear power plant, maybe the first half of it being affected much, that's why. Now when you move out into the later years, closer to 2027, 2030, then you start to get into some of our larger, somewhat newer assets. They could be affected. But I'll tell you, there's a lot to happen between now and then. So there's continued action on NOx, and mercury, and other fronts, water, that will be thrown into the mix in terms of how we evaluate those plants and their life. So I think it's really early to talk too much about what this stay might mean for our -- both our earnings, and really for the Clean Power plan, because it's very possible that they'll send it down to have a couple of specific issues reconsidered or reconfigured. The EPA will address those, and then things move on. Or it could be more fundamental than that. And we really don't know right now. So hopefully I gave you some help in the way we're thinking about it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And just to follow-up on the whitespace question, I'd be curious, in the slide deck, it seems as if you haven't included the whitespace CapEx again. Is there anything to read between the lines on that? How are you feeling about, particularly the midstream side of the equation, when it comes to the ability to execute to the upside here? Is there something we should be reading from the slides here?
Gerry Anderson: You're talking specifically GSP or were you talking in the utilities?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Well, I was thinking -- well, I mean, you tell me on the white space, either way with the Michigan legislation and/or what's going on in midstream, if that has kind of come in on you. But I suppose the question was more specific to the midstream side. And I'm thinking more on the gathering potentially, but more broadly, either ability still to execute on the upside case.
Gerry Anderson: [Technical difficulty] I'll address both. So I think we previously have talked, and I mentioned earlier that it, particularly in the distribution side of the electric utility, there's a lot of demand for investment there. So we've got the 6.5 billion in our base plan. I said that if you look at the fundamentals of the aging of that infrastructure, and the reliability needs, the constraining factor is not how much demand there is for investment. There's a lot of investment needed. So we're really metering that tide to customer affordability. And that has not changed since we talked about it at the analyst day in the fall, it's very much the same picture. On the mid stream side nothing has changed in terms of -- if you look out over the five-year period, what we think is going to happen in the Marcellus and Utica regions, and the amount of activity there. I mentioned, the gas sector is very, very different from the power sector. Put gas wells in the ground, and a year later the average decline is 15%. So you've just got to continually drill in order to meet the growing demand for natural gas. And in doing that, I think one of the message we've seen out of the stress in the E&P sector, is that it needs to rationalize, and people are going to rationalize it to the very best drilling locations. And I'm not blowing smoke when I say that the Susquehanna County, and the Marcellus, and the area of the Utica that NEXUS serves are the very best dry gas geology in the country. And so through simple common sense you come back to say and that these are going to be very high activity areas over the next five years. And so our continued sense that NEXUS is a good project, and that there'll be more development and expansion of Millennium are tied to those factors. Now in the very near-term, this year, does the E&P sector need to work some things out, obviously. We're watching that closely, we're managing it. But I think long-term fundamentals you get down the road the number of years, this will be in the rearview mirror.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right, great. Well, thank you very much.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: And our next question comes from Greg Gordon from Evercore ISI.
Gerry Anderson: Hi, Greg.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Good morning guys.
Gerry Anderson: Good morning.
Greg Gordon: So, it looks to me like you guys just tried to sort of evolve your slide deck a little bit, but one of the other -- and I apologize if you've answered this already -- Slide 14, you no longer have the upside case of -- for potential spend in the utilities. I'm not assuming that you're signaling that that's off the table? You just kind of modified your slide a little bit? Is that fair?
Gerry Anderson: Yes, that -- and now I guess the last question is this, there was no change in plan or need. We've just got the base case shown here. But I think it was in the analyst day, we showed that if you talk about what's in our plan, at 6.5, you talk about what we look at as fundamental demand for renewed infrastructure, it's more like 10.5. And how we walk between those two really has to do with demands of customers for reliability versus affordability. And what we've got in the base plan, the 6.5, we think is a good walk between the two. The makes sense or answers the question, I think it gets at where you were asking.
Greg Gordon: Yes, 100%. Second question, you've always talked about your internal planning is for sort of 7% to 8% overall operating earnings growth. And then after share issuance and contingency, you seek to be in or at the high-end or above your 5% to 6% earnings growth targets. Your share issuance number, now over the next several years, is obviously going to be a lower number because of bonus appreciation. But should we assume that if you were to theoretically update that slide, the operating earnings growth rate would be slightly lower, but the share issuance would be slightly lower and you'd be in the same place -- to get the bonus?
Gerry Anderson: Yes, Peter, you might want to just take the topic of bonus, and the way it impacts us as a company. Because it's a little different from the way it may impact some other companies. I'll let Peter answer that, and see if it gets at your question. If it doesn't we'll pick it up from there.
Peter Oleksiak: Hi, Greg.
Greg Gordon: Thank you.
Peter Oleksiak: Let me first -- I'll first start with the bonus. And of course, I was happy to see a five-year plan. Every year we went in guessing what would happen with bonus the following year. So I was actually happy to see that. And we have looked at it and we're going to be maximizing the bonus benefits, great for customers in terms of affordability and for us as a great cash benefit. And we're in an equity-issuance mode. So actually the EPS impact is minimal on a go-forward basis. So we are down from the 800 million, to 200 million to 300 million of equity issuance. So that's how we're thinking about bonus. Also, if you compare us to other companies, we are less than others. We're already in an AMT position, and we have tax credit, some tax planning that puts us there. So our 20%, versus 35% rate gives us a little of a lower-end benefit. And also from a tax planning, we are in a position of tax NOL so the near-term benefit is also pushed out because of that.
Gerry Anderson: That answer it?
Greg Gordon: Got you. Yes, yes. So if I were to summarize, if you were -- if I go to page 12 of your December business update, you give a bar that says we aspire to grow operating earnings 7% to 8%, and then after share issuance and contingency, we're at 5% to 6%. Theoretically, 7% to 8% is slightly lower, but the share issuance is also lower. And you -- net-net, you're still in that 5% to 6% range. Is that fair?
Peter Oleksiak: That's a fair way, and if you look at the remix of the guidance from the early outlook, we did temper down the electric segment a bit because of the rate case. And the ROE, we did temper down a little bit as we refined the impact of the contracts in the power industrial segment. So that was offset by the reduced share issuance to hold us at the mid-point of the early outlook.
Gerry Anderson: And then I think more broadly your take is right, that given our combination of our tax position and equity issuance, when your bonus does affect growth in the utility some because it's effectively zero return cost to capital. But it's very minimal impact on EPS, given the dilution offset we have. So it doesn't turn out for us to be a material factor.
Greg Gordon: Okay, thanks, guys.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold: Hi, good morning guys.
Gerry Anderson: Good morning.
Peter Oleksiak: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: Gerry, one comment you made was that you see opportunities in the face of market dislocation in the pipeline space. Can you be a little more specific about what kinds of things you might be alluding to? How significant they could potentially be? And how close you are -- we are, you think, to a point where something might actually materialize? And how do you manage the sort of quality bias in the portfolio through something like that?
Gerry Anderson: Couple of comments, so we -- you've been watching the sector and there are obviously company stress. Now companies tend to first hold on and then try to push out assets that they really don't want. They really don't want them. We don't either, generally speaking. We've had some people approach us with assets of interest. I wouldn't say we're close on those. But I think we got to watch across the balance of the year as companies continue to deal with pressures. And I think there will be asset sales that result from that. Our cost to capital is much better positioned than it was year ago to look at those. So, we don't have anything built into our plan right now tied to this. We're simply signaling that the environment is pretty different than it was a year ago. We think that there are going to be assets to change hands and we're open to that if the right one comes along. That said, we're not going to do things that aren't strategic or that we don't feel good about. No sense buying things that really don't have much upside or strategic value to you. So, we are going to wait through it and we will see what comes.
Jonathan Arnold: Could you talk a little more about what you would see as being particularly strategically interesting? Is it more pipe? Is it storage? Is it…?
Gerry Anderson: It would be pipe and potentially gathering. But I would let Jerry Norcia to comment on that as president of the union.
Jerry Norica: Yes, so we have got a handful of conversations underway what we are looking at I would say primarily assets that are tied to gathering and transmission to main lines. I think as we see producers on under a lot of stress, they are looking to monetize assets. And I think as Gerry said, we are being very selective. Some of the first opportunities that we've seen are perhaps not as strategic as we would like. But like I said, we continue with a handful of conversations that we're hopeful would yield some value for us here.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, great. Thank you. Just on one other -- on another topic, we were slightly surprised that you filed your electric case so soon after the last one. We thought you were kind of trying to leave a little bit more time. But any comments about what drove the timing there? Something we should -- some context we could put around it?
Gerry Anderson: Well, I think a couple of things, one it has been a very long time since our prior rate case. So there was a lot that we were addressing in the rate case directly proceeding. And that if you simply look at the pace of capital expenditure last year and projected this year and the forward test year, it's a significant spend that we have underway and we need a rate case to deal with that. So I think historically, we've tried to spread our rate cases out and have been pretty successful in doing that. Our prior case had been four years since the proceeding case. That won't be the case in the future given where things stand. We are investing in both distribution and generation at a healthy enough pace that we're going to need to be in a year, year and half.
Peter Oleksiak: I think just to add on that to give you a perspective, the case we just filed is a billion dollar rate based increase in the final order we just received. This gives you the sense of pace of capital spend that we have over and above depreciation.
Jonathan Arnold: So that comment you just made every year to 18 months is kind of the new expectation?
Gerry Anderson: Yes, I think it is.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, probably in every calendar year at some point in the year we will be filing.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, great. Thank you, guys.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: And out next question is from Mr. Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon: Good morning.
Gerry Anderson: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Ridzon: Did you talk about the earnings impact of bonus depreciation?
Gerry Anderson: We did. As generally said, that given the share issuance effect the combination of two makes it a very modest impact for us. So, it's not a significant player in our plan. We are -- pulls our share issuance is down fundamentally; does have some impact in utility earnings, but the two heavily offset each other.
Paul Ridzon: Did you -- can you quantify the impact before the dilution offset?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. We did revise down our electric segment a bit. Just to reiterate what Gerry said there was minimal impact. I will say it's relatively small in terms of the earnings growth. But there is a bit of -- the utility growth has taken off just because of the bonus depreciation being used versus equity. But there is an offset corporately on the earnings per share. It's pretty minimal.
Paul Ridzon: That lower utility earnings is all bonus depreciation?
Peter Oleksiak: There is bonus depreciation. And for the electric segment, there was a fine tuning of the ROE that came up [technical difficulty].
Paul Ridzon: Okay. Can you -- I was surprised to see gas segment earnings up in the fourth quarter. Can you give a little more finer detail around what drove that?
Peter Oleksiak: Which gas segment are you talking? Utility or…
Paul Ridzon: I am sorry. DTE Gas, the LDC.
Gerry Anderson: Yes. The combination of that we knew going into the fourth quarter that some of the weather impact. So we did go in a bit of a lean mode in that fourth quarter so that helped the earnings out and there was also some timing taxes that played up in between years.
Paul Ridzon: But we did not have new rates, is that correct?
Gerry Anderson: That's correct. And the other as I mentioned in my speaker notes 2014 we had a really strong weather year, so we had a reinvestment plan. Lot of it took place in the fourth quarter of 2014. So you are seeing investment that occurred in 2014. And then a lean that offset, went the other way in 2015.
Peter Oleksiak: So put differently we started talking about El Nino in July. And we knew it was a distinct possibility. So, we had plans lined up for our gas utility that if it reared its head, we would implement lean late in the fourth quarter, and we did. And it turned out -- we are glad we did. It turned out to be an incredibly warm December. We had the opposite, the flip a year before, coming off that really cold winter we invested ahead. But we invested ahead in 2014 to enable something like we ran into in 2015. And that's kind of the way we do things that we invest in stronger years to give you the flexibility to do the opposite in years when you need to. And you can do that without affecting the quality of your assets as long as you keep that even handed.
Paul Ridzon: Thank you. And then lastly, at gas storage and pipes, as you look at your counterparties or potential counterparties, are there any parties out there that are causing you a little bit of credit concern?
Peter Oleksiak: Well, I think if you look at the whole sector, there's quite a few that share prices have come down fundamentally and are sub investment grade. So, we're watching those. But as I said earlier, we don't -- so they are sub investment grade, but we aren't picking up in our counterparties kind of the scramble to rework timing or rework commitments. In fact on one of our pipe positions, we had credit requirements that caused them post collateral and they went ahead and did it because the position is important to them and they want to continue on. So we would be selling that to be watching our counterparties carefully. But we haven't seen any yet that have tilted into the mode where we think there's something near term.
Paul Ridzon: Okay, thank you very much.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Andrew Weisel of Macquarie Capital.
Andrew Weisel: Hey, good morning everybody.
Gerry Anderson: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: Just one quick one here, as I look at the past few years of EPS growth versus DPS growth, your earnings have been growing by about almost 100 basis points faster. Obviously, that's going to be putting downward pressure on the payout ratio. Any thoughts on potentially increasing the growth rate going forward? Obviously, you are still planning 5% to 6% earnings growth, as you talked about, but in order to catch up the payout ratio, any thoughts on maybe accelerating the dividend growth?
Gerry Anderson: We have been working the payout ratio. So we have a stated payout ratio. And what we've generally done is push it up into the middle of the payout range and it falls back to the front-end. Then we push it back up to the middle. So, that pattern is probably what you can expect in the future. You're right. We have grown earnings a bit faster than we have dividend. So, we'll keep an eye on what you suggested.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Thank you. That's all I had.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks.
Operator: And our final question comes from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Good morning.
Gerry Anderson: Good morning.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Just very quickly, I think you've answered all of my -- most of my questions, but -- so, basically if I'm to understand it, there's -- you see turmoil. You are monitoring it in the E&P and other energy sector or commodity sectors. But you really see no potential or significant potential at least in the near-term of anybody not being able to meet their commitments as a counterparty or as a partner or anything like that, correct?
Gerry Anderson: Right, we don't see any evidence of that. And we have the chance to deal with counterparties across a lot of fronts including our utility. So generally you know when somebody is in that position, they start to dance on commitment and we are just not seeing that.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great. And then just finally on the legislation, how should we think about the delays and stuff? I mean what are the sticking points, if there are any? Is there any particular issue that seems to be sort of holding it up or causing more of a problem in terms of sort of nailing it down?
Gerry Anderson: Well, I think there was - there were -- predictably there are some parties down the retail open access side who would prefer to thing simply stay the way they are. So, there was some noise about that. I think the key to that and we are putting together I mentioned the coalition. Senator Knox is working on a coalition. I think the key is to get a business coalition that comes together and says actually these are right things to do. It's the right future direction for the state and it's fair. And I think we'll be able to put that business coalition together. So, you can probably imagine who it was saying that retail open access is fine just the way it is. It was some alternative providers and a few people that they were backing. But I do think we will be able to deal with that issue. Beyond that, there are - I would say there is some back and forth on exactly what they IRP process should look like, but I don't think that will be a holdup.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Gerry Anderson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: As there are no further questions in the queue I would like to turn the call back to our speakers and presenters today for any additional or closing remarks. Thank you.
Gerry Anderson: Well, we don't really have any additional information for you. I would just say that we appreciate you being with us this morning and your support, and look forward to any follow-up questions that you have. Thanks very much for joining us. We look forward to a good 2016.
Operator: That will conclude today's conference call. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Anastasia Minor - Executive Director, IR Peter Oleksiak - SVP and CFO Jeff Jewell - VP and Controller Mark Rolling - VP and Treasurer
Analysts: Julien DuMoulin Smith - UBS Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Shar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners
Operator: Good day and welcome to the DTE Energy Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Anastasia Minor. Please go ahead.
Anastasia Minor: Thank you, Kyle, and good morning everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2015 earnings call. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes reference to operating earnings, which is the non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP net income to operating earnings provided in the appendix of today's presentation. We also are now including additional data in the appendix which we have historically provided in a supplemental document. With us this morning is Peter Oleksiak, our Senior Vice President and CFO; Jeff Jewell, our Vice President and Controller; and Mark Rolling, our Vice President and Treasurer. We also have members of our management team with us to call on during the Q&A session. I'd like to turn it over to Peter to start our call this morning.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks, Anastasia, and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. Those of you who know me know that I always like to start off with a quick update on my Detroit Tigers. The Tigers looked towards the future at the July trade deadline this year, and [indiscernible] best pitcher, outfielder and closer. With that they slipped firmly into last place by the end of the season. I guess all I can say is, there's always next year and our focus now is on the Red Wings making another playoff run, and I will not be mentioning the Lions or the Pistons on this call. DTE is continuing to have a successful year in 2015. As you know, we raised our operating earnings guidance a few weeks ago at our Analyst Day. I feel very confident that we will be able to comfortably achieve our guidance. We had a very successful third quarter and we expect a solid quarter to finish the year. We also provided a 2016 early outlook during our Analyst Day and I'm confident we can reach our 2016 EPS targets as well. Jeff and Mark will be going through third quarter results in more detail, but before we move on to that, I'd like to do a quick overview of our business strategy as well as some highlights of what's happening at DTE. Turning to Slide 5, Slide 5 provides an overview of the business strategy and investment thesis. Our growth plans for next 10 years at both utilities are highly visible. Electric utility growth is driven by the renewal of our generation fleet and replacing and upgrading the electric distribution system. Our gas utility growth is driven by infrastructure investments, the mainline replacement, pipe replacement and a system expansion to accommodate the increased volumes for the Nexus pipeline into the rest of pipeline. Complementing our utility growth are meaningful growth opportunities in our non-utility businesses which provide diversity in earnings and geography. The structure of regulatory environment, engaged employees, continuous improvement and top-level customer satisfaction continue to be priorities that drive DTE success. The constructive regulatory environment is important as our two utilities are investing significant capital in the state of Michigan, and we know fostering this environment is a two-way street. I'll be updating you on some of the regulatory proceedings our utilities are currently working through. Our highly engaged workforce continues to be a key to our success, and we have described our success throughout the year with the recognition we have received from the Gallup organization over the last three years. Our focus on continuous improvement is distinctive in the industry as the utilities continue to be leaders in maintaining costs. The combination of these two, employee engagement and continuous improvement, enables us to deliver both a sustainable COGS savings track record and to consistently earn authorized returns at both of our utilities. We're also very focused on customer satisfaction, demonstrated by our gas utility currently rating highest by J.D. Power among our peers for business customer satisfaction. Both DTE Electric and DTE Gas are ranked second in satisfaction of residential customers. Rounding out our business strategy is our dividend growth and solid credit rating. Our dividend continues to grow as we grow earnings and our goal is to maintain a strong BBB credit rating. This strategy provides for consistent 5% to 6% annual EPS growth. Slide 6 provides some highlights of progress in 2015. As I mentioned earlier at our Analyst Day, we raised our 2015 operating EPS guidance and provided 2016 operating EPS early outlook. I'll provide a more detailed overview of guidance in a few minutes. Today we are revising our cash flow and capital guidance for 2015, and Mark will provide more details on this in a few minutes. Regarding Michigan's energy policy, there is positive momentum for constructive legislation by the end of the year. The governor and other energy leaders have called this a major priority. There is [indiscernible] legislation that has been developed in both the House and the Senate and the more extensive hearings have now been concluded. There have been a dozen hearings in the House on the proposed legislation and eight in the Senate, so this legislation is moving along nicely. Also want to give a quick update on the various rate proceedings for our two utilities. Our electric utility self implemented rates on July 1 for our ongoing generate rate proceeding. We expect to receive a final order by the end of the year. We also implemented the new cost of service rates which resulted in rate reductions for most of our business customers at the same time of self implementation. For DTE Gas, we expect to receive an order this year for an expanded infrastructure recovery mechanism that if approved will allow us to double the annual miles of our mainline replacement program. For next gas general rate case, we are looking to file in late 2015 or early 2016. We're finalizing our plans. We feel this timeframe is optimal time to file. As you know, we haven't filed a rate case at our gas utility in nearly four years. We continue to make significant progress in our non-utility businesses. Let me hit on a couple of developments in our Gas Storage and Pipelines business. Millennium is currently working on 200 Mcf/day expansion, which is expected to go on service in the fourth quarter of 2017. In addition, Millennium is constructing an 8-mile valley lateral to supply 130 Mcf to a new natural gas plant in Pennsylvania. This is expected to go in service in April of 2017. We have increased our ownership in the Nexus pipeline project from 33% to 50%, which increases our planned investment to approximately $1 billion. We have executed a number of key milestones, including the contracting for the major pipe materials earlier this month. Our next key milestone on the Nexus project is the FERC filing which will happen later this year. We have commitments. We need to move forward with the construction of the pipe. We have recently signed a number of Tampa interconnect agreements that could provide potential aggregate load across northern Ohio for up to 1.4 Bcf a day. This demonstrates strong market support for the project and also strengthens the longer term earnings potential for the play. And we continue to see increasing production forecast for the Appalachian region. So you can see we have a lot of positive things going on in both our utilities and non-utilities giving us confidence to reach our earnings goals in 2015. I can move on to provide more detail on Michigan's energy legislation, but before I do that, let me give you a quick update on Michigan's economy. The state economic indicators are looking very strong. We show some of the actual forecasts and metrics in the appendix but I'd like to highlight Michigan's unemployment rate for September which was 5%. This is actually lower than the national rate of 5.1%, and it's worth noting because it's the first time in Michigan the unemployment rate is below the national average in 15 years. So things continue to move in the right direction in our state. So now let me move on to the state energy policy reform on Slide 7. Slide 7 is a slide you've seen before showing Michigan's leaders who are helping to move the state's energy policy reform to its completion. We are definitely fortunate to have these individuals who really understand what good energy policy looks like. The governor identified the need for energy policy reform as one of his top priorities and he has not wavered from that all year. He has taken time to study and understand our industry and land on what a good policy moving forward would be. His good advisors were John Quackenbush and Valerie Brader. And with Senator Nofs and Representative Nesbitt, we have two very competent energy leaders in the Senate and the House. So we have a situation where all three entities, the administration, the House and the Senate, are clear that Michigan does need to develop new policy to control its future. There is definitely progress happening. It gives us confidence of a timely resolution to the energy policy reform. Both the Senate and the House energy committee have concluded extensive hearings on the legislative package. Nofs and Nesbitt are working with committee members who would vote in the committee possibly by next month. So I'd like to turn to some specifics on legislation that is under development in the House and the Senate with Page 8, starting with the retail open access. Leadership in both the House and the Senate realized that the current system is broken, so both are proposing reforms. Both proposals as they stand now would cap the current program at 10% but with stricter and more fair provisions. Actually the House until recently had planned to eliminate retail open access altogether, but as part of the alignment process has been now proposing to stay at the 10% cap. But importantly, both the House and the Senate would require one-time election to return to the utility, which means there will be no longer a free option to move back and forth between the marketplace and our regulated rates. To make the cost of capacity more fair and to issue a reliable generation service in the state, the Senate is proposing a three-year capacity commitment, the house is targeting a five-year capacity commitment for those customers who would like to stay on retail open access. Integrated resource planning or IRP is the second key element of legislation. The proposals enable pre-approvals, so once it's decided on what generation this should be, there will be a process for pre-approving investments and assuring that they are prudent, and similar to our current Certificate of Need process or CON process but on a portfolio basis. This new IRP process will fit nicely into the state's implementation plan for the clean power plan. Then finally the legislation is going to deal with a number of regulatory reforms. Both the House and the Senate are proposing a move from our current 12 month cycle on rate approvals with a six month sub-implementation, to a simple 10 month cycle. There is also work on establishing a fair net metering policy which I think is important as we head towards building more renewables. Revenue decoupling is also being proposed for electric utilities. We would like to have this option to enable recovery of the impacts of energy efficiency in between rate proceedings. So I think the state of Michigan is well-positioned to have energy legislation by year-end. That's important so that as a state we can move on in a constructive way to make the investments that we need to transform Michigan's energy infrastructure. So on Slide 9, this slide shows our EPS history and our target of 5% to 6% growth. As I mentioned before, we expect to grow our dividend with earnings, evidenced by our recent increase which was at the high end of our earnings growth target. The chart shows a revised 2015 guidance midpoint of $4.78 as well as the EPS guidance midpoint of $4.69 for our growth segments. The 5% to 6% future growth I mentioned is off our new 2016 early outlook midpoint of $4.93 per share. The $4.93 midpoint represents a 7% increase from the 2015 original guidance. So let me get into a little more detail on Page 10. Slide 10 shows our current 2015 EPS guidance and our 2016 EPS early outlook. I want to focus on our 2015 guidance. Our current EPS guidance range is $4.65 to $4.91 for total DTE Energy and $4.59 to $4.79 for our growth segments. You can see next to the guidance numbers arrows indicating where we think the year might play out for each segment. We have green arrows up next to all of our non-utility businesses. If these businesses have a repeat of the strong performance in the fourth quarter similar to what we've experienced in the first three quarters this year, then we are seeing earnings fall in the upper end of these ranges. For Gas Storage and Pipelines, we are seeing strong performance in both pipeline and gathering earnings. Our Power and Industrial Projects segment is seeing solid performance in our REF business. And we are seeing strong economic performance at our Energy Trading operations. Our Corporate and Other segment is trending towards the lower end of guidance driven by taxes. I mentioned the strong financial performance we have seen this year, so I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff Jewell to provide more details on the earnings results.
Jeff Jewell: Thanks, Peter, and good morning everyone. I'll be going over quarter-over-quarter earnings results on Page 12, and on Page 13 I will provide more detail into DTE Electric's quarter-over-quarter operating earnings variance. Now turning to Page 12, for the quarter DTE Energy's operating earnings were $252 million or $1.40 per share, and for reference, our reported earnings were $1.47 per share. You can find the reconciliation of the third quarter reported to operating earnings on Page 27. For the quarter, our growth segments operating earnings in 2015 were $75 million or $0.40 per share higher than 2014. The Electric segment was higher by $79 million. This favorability was due to warmer weather, self implemented rates and lower storm expenses in 2015. I'll provide more detail on Page 13. DTE Gas was higher by $5 million. This was primarily driven by reinvestment spend in 2014 and increased revenue associated with the infrastructure recovery mechanism surcharge. Gas Storage and Pipelines earnings were $7 million favorable to the prior year. This increase was primarily due to increased volumes on the Bluestone pipeline and increased investments in our gathering assets. Our Power and Industrial Projects segment was lower by $6 million versus 2014, due primarily to timing of major coke battery maintenance project expenses and a steel related installment sale contract that ended in the second quarter of 2015. Our Corporate and Other segment came in unfavorable by $10 million versus last year. This variance was mainly due to timing of federal and state tax accruals. These items were considered in our year-end guidance. Again, the overall growth segment results for the quarter were $253 million or $1.40 per share. Energy Trading posted a $1 million operating loss for the quarter and economic net income of $14 million. Both the power and gas business lines contributed to these results. Please refer to Page 25 of the appendix to review the Energy Trading standard reconciliation page which shows both economic and accounting performance. Overall, DTE Energy's operating earnings were $252 million or $1.40 per share for the quarter. Now let's turn to Page 13 to discuss our Electric performance. Electric segment earnings were $79 million higher quarter over quarter. The variance was driven by three major contributors, increased rates, return to near normal weather, and lower storm O&M. DTE Electric self implemented a rate increase on July 1 as part of its ongoing rate case. This was partially offset by increased rate base growth due to investment in the generation and distribution operations. The next major contributor was weather. If you recall, summer weather in 2014 was much cooler than normal while this summer was near-normal. This resulted in increased sales of approximately 700 gigawatt-hours when compared to the same period last year. Please refer to Page 24 of the appendix for sales variance detail. Finally, we experienced lower storm activity in the third quarter of 2015. This is a significant decrease when compared to 2014 where we saw multiple storms including the storm in September of 2014 that impacted more than 400,000 or 20% of our customers. In conclusion, for the quarter, DTE Electric's operating earnings were $79 million higher than 2014. That concludes the update for our earnings for the quarter. I'd like to now turn the discussion over to Mark who will cover cash flow and balance sheet metrics.
Mark Rolling: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning everyone. In addition to the solid earnings results, our cash flow and balance sheet are strong and continue to support our long-term growth plan. Slide 15 lays out our cash flow and CapEx through the third quarter. Cash from operations is $1.5 billion and we saw strong performance across all business units, putting us a little ahead of our plan for the year. We invested $1.7 billion of CapEx through the third quarter, and on the right side of the page you can see the breakout by business unit. DTE Electric is up due to higher operational investments and higher new generation spend with the acquisition of a gas [indiscernible] back in the first quarter, partially offset by the timing of some wind investments between years. And year to date, the non-utilities are on pace with last year. To fund this CapEx program and the refinance maturing debt, we issued $1 billion in long-term debt this year. Let me turn now to Slide 16 and the revised cash flow and CapEx guidance that Peter touched on. As I mentioned a moment ago, we are seeing strong cash flow this year and therefore we are increasing our cash from operations guidance by $100 million. We're also making a small change to our CapEx guidance, and on the right side of the page you can see the breakout of capital spending by business unit. We still expect to spend a little over $1.8 billion at DTE Electric and $280 million at DTE Gas, and we expect our non-utility businesses to invest $350 million for the year or about $100 million lower than the low point of the original guidance. Now this change captures the timing of some of the growth progress upon industrial and will have no effect on the growth plan that we provided at our Investor Day last month. This brings our total CapEx to nearly $2.5 billion for the year, which is up more than 15% over last year. And back on the left side of the page, we have reduced our debt financing needs to correspond with this $200 million increase in free cash flow. Now I'll move to Slide 17 with a look at our balance sheet metrics. Our balance sheet remained strong and we project ending the year within our targeted range for both leverage and FFO to debt. We issued $200 million of equity back in the first quarter and that fulfilled our equity needs for this year. At our investor event last month, we disclosed modest equity needs of $800 million from 2016 through 2018. Earlier this year we renewed our credit facility through 2020 and we ended the quarter with $1.8 billion of available liquidity. As we outlined at our Investor Day, we have a financial planning approach that will continue to rely on the strength of our balance sheet to fuel our long-term growth plans. And now I'll hand the discussion back over to Peter to wrap up.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks Mark. Let me finish the presentation with a quick summary on Slide 19, and then we can open the line for questions. We had three solid quarters so far this year and we are confident that this year's performance will allow us to achieve our 2015 EPS guidance. We also anticipate constructive outcomes this year in both utility regulatory filings as well as the Michigan's energy policy reform. Our balance sheet and cash flow metrics remain strong and our investments in our utility and non-utility businesses support our target 5% to 6% EPS growth going forward. I thank you all for joining our call this morning and I hope to see many of you at the EEI conference in a couple of weeks. Gerry Anderson will be giving a formal presentation on November 10th that will be Webcasted on our Investor Relations Web-site. So we hope you all can join us. Now I'd like to open up for questions that you have, so Kyle, you can open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Michael Weinstein with UBS.
Julien DuMoulinSmith: It's actually Julien here. So quick first question, perhaps obvious, given the trailing 12 months, what are you thinking here in terms of the fourth quarter and implied results, it seems perhaps it could even be potentially down year-over-year, is there something about reinvestment, [indiscernible] et cetera, you might imagine?
Peter Oleksiak: I'd like to reiterate that we are kind of confident with the earnings guidance that we've put out there. The electric utility in particular last year was in a lean mode. That's really, if you're looking quarter over quarter, kind of a fourth to fourth, that's what you're seeing emptying there.
Julien DuMoulin Smith: Got it. So does that actually mean that there is added strength or more of a tailwind that you are reinvesting in fourth quarter into 2016, or perhaps as you just alluded, was in more of a 4Q 2014 phenomenon such that this is more of a normalized pace in 4Q 2015?
Peter Oleksiak: It's more the latter, the last year's fourth quarter phenomenon.
Julien DuMoulin Smith: Got it, excellent. And then perhaps secondly, just of late any developments on the gathering front with Southwestern?
Peter Oleksiak: Our gathering business is going very well, and as you know, our raising of guidance in that segment in particular was with the volumes associated with the gathering with the Southwestern Energy. So the well performance is great, the drilling program continues to be strong in that region and our gathering earnings are flowing nicely there.
Julien DuMoulin Smith: Great. All right, I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Daniel Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers: Just on the legislation in Michigan with the hearings done, do you guys have a read in when something can get formalized or resolved between the House and the Senate and vote where this finally gets cauterized, is there something that we can look forward or a schedule that you guys see right now?
Peter Oleksiak: It is not a firm schedule, but as I mentioned, the extensive hearing process is done, and as you know, you mentioned that as well. There's some finalization of language that will happen both in the committee and the House and then they'll move it, both the Senate and the House, and from there there'll be reconciliation. We are anticipating that will start happening as early as next month, early next month, but going more likely into the month of December.
Dan Eggers: So a conference next month between the House and the Senate and a vote in December seems realistic at this point?
Peter Oleksiak: Right, yes, that's a possibility.
Dan Eggers: Okay. And then I guess your second question, when you think about the – it looks like you're going to the idea that Choice has to get a firm capacity kind of somewhere between three and five years, is that something that you guys would look at providing or are you not going to be in the business of offering capacity to those customers?
Peter Oleksiak: No, we are not in the business of offering capacity to those customers. We'll offer to our customers.
Dan Eggers: Okay. What is the year to date weather benefit on that after the good third quarter?
Peter Oleksiak: Jeff, if you have that?
Jeff Jewell: Ask that one more time, just make sure we're answering what you're looking for.
Dan Eggers: How much year-to-date weather benefit have you guys gotten? You gave the quarter, I don't know if you have the year handy.
Jeff Jewell: So for the full year, if you go back to Page 24 in the pack, I think that's what you're asking, so I'll just guide you back there. So the first is – I'm on the left-hand side there in the middle, DTE Electric 2015, you can see what that was for the quarter and we talked about that. And for the year to date, you can see it's at $12 million.
Dan Eggers: Got it, thank you. I should've [looked it up] [ph] myself.
Jeff Jewell: [Indiscernible] was down negative $17 million for the year.
Dan Eggers: Okay. And my last question just on the pipeline tap-ins now that you're 1.4 Bcf of potential customers, when do those start converting either into contracts or something more substantial and what should we be tracking other than just kind of these quarterly updates?
Peter Oleksiak: That will happen over time as the pipe gets built. That 1.4 Bcf is non-binding but we do anticipate that a number of that will potentially turn into nice investments for us, lateral or gathering couple of opportunities. They are more likely – that will happen once we are done with the construction of the pipe.
Dan Eggers: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Matt Tucker with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Matt Tucker: Just wanted to follow-up on the guidance and the full year guidance kind of implying that the fourth quarter would be down year-over-year, you already commented on some reinvestment at Electric. It looks like the non-utility segments, the guidance also implies earnings would be lower year-over-year. Could you talk about what might be driving that or should we kind of expect that the Electric reinvestment could offset some of the earnings there?
Peter Oleksiak: The electric utility, I mentioned I'm feeling comfortable with the guidance range we have out there. There was a phenomenon last year fourth quarter around lean. We're in a normal investment cycle this year in the fourth quarter. But our non-utility businesses are performing strong. On a year to date basis, there is strong performance, and if that strong performance continues in the fourth quarter, those businesses will more likely end up in the upper end of those ranges.
Matt Tucker: Great, thanks. And just hoping you could provide a little more color on the change in timing in the CapEx at Power and Industrial Projects.
Peter Oleksiak: Mark, you want to take that one?
Mark Rolling: Sure. So that as you mentioned is timing related. When we did our original guidance for the year and we provided a range this year on the non-utility businesses, recognizing that those businesses and the timing of the project show-up has some variability. As we are close to the year-end, we have better visibility as to what's going to occur here in late 2015 versus what may occur early in 2016. So it's a timing related item at Power and Industrial. Specifically, if you step back and look at our early outlook for 2016 and our growth plan that we provided at our Investor Day, this has no impact on any of that, it's really the timing item.
Matt Tucker: Got it. And is there any specific projects that you did highlight there?
Peter Oleksiak: I'll add just a little commentary to Mark's comments. Power and Industrial Projects in particular, we do have an acquisition strategy there where if opportunistic we'll acquire small on-site related projects, and they have the tendency to be kind of lumpy in terms of when they show up, and when they do show up – we had one back a few years ago with the Duke project on the on-site project. So there, I don't want to be too concerned. When they do show up, sometimes they show up and they are relatively sizable. We like to have a placeholder in with a capital for that business unit in particular. So it's really just timing related to these small acquisitions related to in the Power and Industrial segment.
Matt Tucker: Understood. Thanks guys.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold: I just wanted to revisit just timing of the legislature. I know you'll lay that when you know the steps, you see it. Are there some deadlines that we need to hit in order for this to be all accomplished in calendar 2015, when do the session end and at what point would we need to see it out of conference, how much wiggle room is there I guess?
Peter Oleksiak: It is not a firm schedule. The augment deadline was before they moved to the holiday break and which would be the back half of December, but the momentum we are seeing right now with the hearings being concluded, they said there'll be some tweaking of the language in both the House and the Senate, and then at that point a reconciliation. The good thing is both the House and the Senate, essentially with Aric Nesbitt's move to move a bit closer to where Mike Nofs is at, I see that process hopefully happening relatively quick once it starts.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Thank you, Peter. That was it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Just one question on the decoupler, I know it's a little bit preliminary, but Peter, are you looking for a full decoupler which takes any kind of load out of your earnings mix or sort of more of a partial decoupler that accounts for energy efficiency in DSM?
Peter Oleksiak: We'll explore all the options. First is to kind of get that option for the electric utility to have a decoupler in legislation. That's being proposed right now. So we like that to give us that option of flexibility. As we are thinking about it, we really would want it fully focused on the energy efficiency, that's our early thinking at this moment.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Okay, so you have some potential leverage to macro probably, okay. And then just on the pipe, 1.4 is non-binding, it's a little bit preliminary, but is there any indication that you could reach that to laterals and compressors from a demand side or it's too early?
Peter Oleksiak: The overall pipe we are putting in is 1.5 B, that's expandable to 2 B with compression. The major market when this pipe first was put in was Dawn, and Michigan is Michigan, goes from a coal plant to gas plant conversion. So it's really nice. Actually this Ohio market is actually showing up as well that wasn't originally anticipated. We kind of knew that when we placed this pipe, we deliberately placed it in the Northeast Ohio around these industrial centers. So we are hoping that this 1.4 B, a portion of that gets converted over to this industrial load, which then once we [indiscernible] to get a lateral in gathering, but we feel comfortable right now that we'll be able to expand the pipe to meet that. It will be a nice problem to have.
Shar Pourreza: Yes, exactly. Thanks Peter.
Operator: We have no further questions in queue at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Peter Oleksiak: I'd like to just thank everybody for this morning joining us on the call, and once again we're going to be at EEI and hope to see many of you there. Have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-24 18:30:00) =====
Executives: Anastasia Minor - Investor Relations Peter Oleksiak - Senior Vice President and CFO Jeff Jewell - VP and Controller Mark Rolling - VP and Treasurer
Analysts: Julien DuMoulin-Smith - UBS Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Capital Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the DTE Energy Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Anastasia Minor. Please go ahead.
Anastasia Minor: Thank you Heather, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2015 earnings call. Before we get started, I would like to remind you to read the Safe Harbor statement on page two, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes reference to operating earnings, which is the non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP net income to operating earnings provided in the appendix of today’s presentation. With us this morning is Peter Oleksiak, our Senior Vice President and CFO; Jeff Jewell, our Vice President and Controller, and Mark Rolling, our Vice President and Treasurer. We also have members of our management team with us to call on during the Q&A session. I would like to turn it over to Peter to start our call this morning.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks Anastasia, good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. As usual I like to start the call by giving a quick update on Detroit Tigers. Good news, the Tigers have won 47 games. Bad news is that they have lost 48. Despite the first half July weather here in Detroit area has been colder than normal; the Tigers have cooled off as well this month. We are hoping that the summer heats up, so do the Tiger bats and I’m still holding out some hope for a play-off berth. Unlike the Tigers here at DTE, we certainly have had a successful first half of the year, and I believe we are well positioned to continue the success in the balance of 2015. As all of you saw in our earnings release we are raising our 2015 EPS guidance on strong year-to-date results. Jeff and Mark will be going through the second quarter results in more detail, but before we move onto that, I’d like to do a quick overview of our business strategy as well as some highlights what’s happening at DTE and Michigan. Slide five provides an overview of our business strategy, and investment thesis. Our growth plans for the next 10 years at both utilities are highly visible. Our electric utility growth is driven by environmental spend in the near-term and renewal of our generation fleet and upgrading the distribution system in the longer term. Our gas utility growth is driven by infrastructure investments and the main line pipe replacement. Our two utilities are deploying capital in very -- in a constructive regulatory environment and we’re working hard to earn this constructive environment every day. I’ll be updating you on some of the regulatory proceedings our utilities are currently working through. Complementing our utility growth, our meaningful growth opportunities and our non-utility businesses which provides diversity in earnings and geography.  Our highly engaged workforce continues to be the key to our success. Last quarter I told you about the third consecutive Gallup Great Workplace Award and just recently DTE Energy received the Development by Design Award from the Gallup organization. The award recognized DTEs focus on creating personnel team and organizational success through employee training programs. So we definitely continue to make strides in our employee engagement efforts. We have a strong focus on continuous improvement and feel we are distinctive in the industry on our approach and outcomes. The combination of these two employee engagement and continuous improvement enables us to deliver both sustainable cost, savings track record and to consistently earn authorised returns at both of our utilities. We are also very focussed on operational excellence and customer satisfaction that we believe also are distinctive in our industry. We have certainly seen positive results on this front, as currently DTE gas is ranked highest by J.D. Power among our peers for residential and business customer satisfaction. And earlier this month, we found out that DTE Electric was ranked second in overall customer satisfaction with electric utility residential customers in J.D. Power’s 2015 study. Our dividend continues to grow as we grow earnings and the goal is to maintain a strong BBB credit rating. This strategy provides about consistent 5% to 6% annual EPS growth. Slide six provides some highlights of progress in 2015. First in our list is the announcement they will be increasing our operating EPS guidance for this year. We are increasing from an EPS midpoint of 460 to a midpoint of 472; this is driven by a strong performance in our gas storage and pipeline business as well as their energy trading operations. I’ll provide a more detailed overview of guidance in a few minutes. Keeping in line with our commitment to grow our dividend with earnings we have recently increased our dividend. Our annual dividend per share was increased from $2.76 to $2.92 which is a 5.8% increase. Regarding Michigan’s Energy policy, I feel there is positive momentum for the constructive legislation by the end of the year. This continues to be a priority of the Governor when he called up publicly the need to get legislation done this year. Back in March, representative Aric Nesbitt introduced legislation and recently the Senate lead, Mike Nofs introduced legislation but the process is definitely moving along. I’ll touch more on the Energy Policy in a few minutes. I also want to give a quick update on the various rate proceedings for our two utilities. Our electric utilities self up [Indiscernible] rates on July 1 for the ongoing general rate proceeding. We expect to receive a final order by the end of the year. We also implemented our new cost of service rates which resulted in a rate reductions for many of our business customers. For DTE Gas, we expect to receive an order this year for our expanded infrastructure recovery mechanism that, if approved will allow us to double our annual miles of our main line replacement program. We continue to make significant progress in our non-utility businesses. In our gas stores and pipeline business, Millennium had a successful open season and we are working through final contracts now. We expect an expansion of greater than 0.2 BCF. In addition, we are constructing a new eight mile lateral off Millennium to serve a proposed 650 megawatts combined cycle plant with approximately a 0.1/b day of natural gas. These projects are expected to be in service in the fourth quarter of 2017. This is another major milestone that helps firm our future year growth. The next is pipeline project. It is always moving forward nicely towards its fourth quarter 2017 in service date. The first FERC scoping meetings are complete and were relatively routine. We recently signed a number of Tampa Interconnection agreements that could provide potential aggregate load across northern Ohio upto 1.3 BCF per day. This demonstrates strong market support for the project and also strengthens the longer term earnings potential for the play. We filed our resource reports in June with a focussed schedule, and our next major milestone will be to file the FERC application in the fourth quarter of this year. We are also now very focussed on optimizing our reduced emissions fuel business. Currently we have REF facilities operating at eight sites and are in a process of relocating underutilized facilities to a ninth site, which should be operational in the fourth quarter. In addition, in this quarter we are operating a third party REF facility. This operating agreement runs -- will run through 2020. We continue to work towards further optimization of this business line as this has been a great return business for us which has generated significant cash flows to help fund our non utility growth projects. So you can see, we’ve had a successful first half of the year giving us confidence to reach our earnings goal in 2015. Let me now move to updates in the Michigan improvements and the economy. Turning to slide seven, we are highlighting the progress the Michigan and the City of Detroit are making. I know many of you are interested in how the local economy is doing and we continue to see economic momentum in the state. Michigan’s unemployment rate in June is 5.5% and this rate has been around 5.5% the last three months roughly in line with the national average. Michigan’s unemployment rate hasn’t been at this level since 2001. Michigan is identified by the Site Selection magazine that been the seventh most competitive state for job creation as well as the number one state for new manufacturing jobs since 2009. We continue to see and the other economic indicators including increases in residential customer and business customer accounts and our forecast shows this trend continuing. I do want to highlight the city of Detroit’s economic progress. One indicator that we show on this slide is the Detroit’s Metro area, its’ ranking number eight in the U.S. for a number of new or expansion projects. The City has come a long way since the bankruptcy and with a strong leadership we have in place I’m confident that the city will continue to move forward. DTE as well as other city partners are working with them to help continue this momentum. You will see on slide eight that the additional changes in state have taken place as the Michigan Public Service Commission has welcomed Norm Saari as the new commissioner replacing outgoing Commissioner Greg White whose term has ended. Commissioner Saari has a deep background in public policy and governmental and community affairs, both in state government and direct utility experience. This is Governor’s Synder third appointment and the Governor has been great at talent selection. The Commission has held Michigan regulatory environment Q1 the most constructive in the country. We believe, that Commissioner Saari will continue this supportive environment. Moving onto slide nine, I’m now going to turn to an update on the energy policy. We have mentioned earlier, Governor Snyder has made it clear that energy policy is an important legislative priority for him this year. He called off the need for legislation in his state address and provided more detailed goals in his energy message in March, highlighting this significant transformation and the generation sources that our state will undertake over the next 10 to 15 years. And over the last few months, both the House and the Senate and Energy leaderships had introduced proposed legislation to address needed changes in the state. Representative, Aric Nesbitt, who chairs the House Energy Policy Committee introduced legislation in March that’s consistent with the Governor’s goals of reliability and adaptability. He also recommended the elimination of the retail access program we have here in Michigan which we support. Senator, Mike Nofs, who chairs the Senate Energy and Technology Committee, introduced legislation in June which is also similar to the Governor’s goals. He is recommending to maintain a 10% gap on a retail open access, but with a onetime election to enter into long term capacity commitment with an alternative supplier or to return to the utility. A customer could choose the return of the utility with three year notice and as the one time permanent election to return to the utility. We expect legislation to be completed this year and we are confident that Michigan has strong leaders in place that understand energy and utility dynamics and will provide constructive legislation for Michigan’s future. All of the proposals on that legislative joint board represent a positive move forward. In a moment, I’ll turn the call over to Jeff to review the quarter’s results, but before that I want to highlight, provide some highlights of our outlook and guidance increase. On slide 10, this slide shows our EPS history with our target of 5% to 6% growth. As I mentioned before, we expect to grow our dividend with earnings evidenced by our recent increase. The chart shows a revised 2015 guidance midpoint of $4.72 as well as our EPS guidance midpoint of $4.66 for growth segments. The 5% to 6% future growth that I mentioned is of a new guidance growth segment -- point of $4.66 per share. And our commitment is to grow both earnings and our dividends and we are just doing that. Let me get into a little more detail on page 11. We are increasing our 2015 EPS guidance range to $4.54 to $4.90 for DTE Energy. This is a $0.12 increase in the midpoint from our prior range of $4.48 to $4.72. Our EPS guidance range for growth segments is now $4.54 to $4.78. Our guidance increase is driven by strong start of the year in our gas stores and pipeline segment with increased pipeline and gathering earnings. 2015 operating earnings guidance for this segment has increased from a range of $80 million to $88 million to a range of $90 million to $98 million. The majority of this increase is due to strong underlying performance in the business and therefore we expect the majority of this favourability to flow into 2016. For Energy trading business, we’ve raised our guidance, earnings guidance to a range of 0 to $20 million for 2015. Energy Trading is now part of our growth segments and our original guidance is set at zero as we do not rely on this business to achieve our earnings target. As this year is progressing we are recognizing the strong economic performance and have adjusted our 2015 guidance accordingly. Trading does have seasonality tied to the physical part of its business and those contracts may mostly make money in the first and fourth quarter. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Jeff Jewell, our Vice President and Controller to provide more details on the second quarter earnings results.
Jeff Jewell: Thanks, Peter and good morning, everyone. I will be discussing quarter to quarter earnings results on page 13 and on page 14; I will review our electric sales in order to provide more insight into what we are experiencing. Now turning to page 13. For the quarter, DTE Energy’s operating earnings were $137 million or $0.76 per share and for reference our reported earnings were $0.61 per share. You can find a reconciliation of the second quarter reported operating earnings on slide 26. For the quarter-over-quarter results, our growth segments second quarter operating earnings in 2015 were lower by $4million or $0.03 per share. The electric segment was lower by $18 million. This was primarily due to increased costs associated with rate base growth cost and unfavourable weather partially offset by lower O&M. The gas segment was lower by $3 million, driven by unfavourable weather in the second quarter of 2015. Gas Storage & Pipelines earnings were $7 million above the prior year. This increase was primarily due the volume growth in the Bluestone Pipeline and Gathering Assets. Our power and industrial project segment was up $5 million versus 2014. Quarter-over-quarter favourability was primarily driven by strong performance across the business line. Our corporate and other segment came in favorable by $5 million versus last year. This variance is mainly due tax related timing differences. The overall growth segment results for the quarter were $134 million or $0.75 per share. At energy trading, operating results for the quarter came in at a positive $3 million with economic net income of $19 million, both the power and the gas business lines contributed to these results. Please refer to page 24 of the appendix to review the energy trading standard reconciliation page, which shows both economic and accounting performance. Now let’s turn to page 14 to discuss our electric sales results. For the first half of the year, temperature normalized electric sales were down 0.7%. We are very encouraged by the drivers of this change year-to-date and for the future. This net change reflects both the underlying economic growth in all sectors and that energy efficiency is making positive impacts to reduce customer average usage. The economic increases are being driven by population growth, occupancy rate strength, income growth and manufacturing at auto production levels that have surpassed pre recession levels. Energy efficiency which is producing positive results for our customers is a key component of our overall operational and financial plans and a key priority for the Governor. This efficiency translates into reductions in the average energy bill for our residential customers, which is one of the key components of our long term strategy to create affordability headroom as we embark on a very intensive capital investment program. Therefore we are changing our sales forecast as we anticipate our load growth over the next few years to be close to flat as underlying economic growth and energy efficiency play off. That concludes the update on our earnings and sales for the quarter. I’d like to now turn the discussion over to Mark, who will cover cash flow and balance sheet metrics.
Mark Rolling: Thanks, Jeff and good morning to everyone on the call. In addition to the solid earnings results that Jeff just described, we delivered solid cash flow and capital investments for the first half of the year as well. And all of that is underpinned by the strength of our balance sheet  Slide 16 lays out our cash flows and CapEx through the first half of the year. Cash from operations is $1.2 billion which is up slightly over last year and in line with our plan. We saw a strong cash flow performance throughout all the business units and are reaffirming our full year cash from operations guidance of $1.7 billion. We invested $1.1 billion of CapEx in the first half of the year, and on the right side of the page you can see the breakout by business unit. DTE Electric is higher due primarily to the acquisition of the gas peaker back in the first quarter, partially offset by the timing of wind investments between years. And there are some year-over-year timing differences at our nine utility businesses as well. The total year-to-date CapEx is on check with our plan and consistent with our full year guidance of $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion. Finally, to fund this CapEx program and to pay down commercial paper balances, we issued $800 million in loan from debt financing in the first half of the year. Now I’ll move to slide 17 with a look at our balance sheet metrics. In short, our balance sheet remains strong and we project ending the year within our targeted range for both leverage and FFO to debt. We issued $200 million of equity back in the first quarter which fulfilled our equity needs for the year. And there is no change in our plans to issue $800 million to $900 million of new equity through 2017. We continue to take advantage of the low interest rates by issuing $300 million of 7-year debt to parent company which is where we fund most investments at our nine utilities. Earlier in the quarter, we met with the rating agencies and they all re-affirmed our current ratings and outlook which demonstrates our commitment to maintaining a strong BBB credit rating. And lastly, after renewing our credit facility back in April we ended the second quarter with a comfortable $2.2 billion of available liquidity. And now, I’ll hand the discussion back over to Peter to wrap up.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks Mark. Let me finish the presentation with a quick summary on slide 19 and then we can open the line for questions. We had a very good quarter as well in the first half of the year and we are confident that this year’s performance will allow us to achieve a increased 2015 EPS guidance, increase our annual dividend 5.8% to $2.90 per share keeping our dividend growth in line with earnings. We anticipate successful outcomes this year for both our utility regulatory filings as well as Michigan Energy’s policy reform. Our balance sheet and cash flow metrics remain strong, and our investments in our utility and non-utility businesses support our target 5% to 6% EPS growth going forward. I’d like to thank you all for joining our call this morning. And I invite you to join us for our Investor meeting in Detroit on September 28. We have a great line up of speakers for our meeting, and plan to give you insight and to continue the evolution of the Michigan Detroit development and the economic growth that supports our long term plan. Formal invitations will be delivered in the coming weeks and our business update will be available at the webcast from our investor’s site. Now I’d like to open it up for any questions that you have, so Heather, you can open up the line for questions.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] And we’ll take our first question from Michael Weinstein with UBS.
Julien DuMoulin-Smith: Hi, good morning it’s Julien.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning, Julien.
Julien DuMoulin-Smith: So first, a quick question here on the sale side. Just curious what is the nature of the idling you have alluded to here on the Industrial side just perhaps if you could expand upon what your expectations are there? And then perhaps related to that on the -- in terms of future rate case filings, how are your expectations for lower sales and efficiency driving expectations there as any changes?
Peter Oleksiak: So on the – for the idling that occurs mainly in our automotive related segments. There are model turnover, so they are creating brand new vehicles and new models and you’ll see that from time to time. That is really what that’s related -- that is really one time in nature and some as if -- that the level of new models that are -- which is great news for our auto companies that are being produced here. For the energy efficiency, I guess, first I just want to talk about that a little bit. We’re really pleased with the level of energy efficiency in our service territory. And we’ve been really working hard at this over the last five years and I believe we are on the leading edge of some our some [Indiscernible] energy efficiency is special in delivering tools to our customers to save energy. You recall if you actually saw the March energy addresses the Governor gave, he actually held up his Smartphone and have the DTE inside app there. So we’ve actually kind of correct the code of our AMI technology and how do we deliver that real time to our customers to use yourself. Even though energy efficiency increases, maybe over time the electric rate overtime but it does lower customer bills, which provides headroom for rate increases needed to cover new capital investments. So, I know your question Julien was what does that do from our rate case strategy? Our rate case timing really tied to the capital investment we have over and above depreciation, so that’s really going to be tied. It really doesn’t impact the timing of that. And what we are seeing actually when -- that it will provide headroom for us from a total customer ball perspective to give recovery of that new capital investment.
Julien DuMoulin-Smith: Excellent. And just turning to the midstream side quickly. Can you talk about an update on your existing partnerships, specifically on the exit side? And then separately just broadly speaking, strategy as it relates to gathering versus perhaps pipes, etcetera, you have other partnerships and there as well. I would be curious how that is evolving and the nature of the business?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes on the ownership side and I know the private question is around on the Enbridge and the ownership of pipe. So Enbridge is still considering ownership, but they have been very public and very supportive of the pipe. You know our current disclosure assumes the one third ownership, so they don’t participate in whatever larger ownership of a great project. So they are still in the process of considering ownership in the project. On the gathering side and is evidenced by this year-to-date results and our guidance increase and we’re seeing great results on our gathering business. This is a business that we started in 2012 with a partnership with Southwest energy, so as we’ve been going down our learning curve and cost curve it’s really helped us with that relationship and that’s a business that we liked as well because as we get into new projects like Nexus the idea there is to do a very similar blueprint of what we’re seeing in Millennium now that if you work with producers, get gathering and laterals, that will beat international. So we’ve continued to look at those opportunities and then I do believe in the future they will be there for us related to NEXUS.
Julien DuMoulin-Smith: Excellent. And sorry, just a clarification. In terms of Enbridge's timeline for a decision, do you have any sense?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. I really don’t – I know they’ve been public about it. They are mainly an oil based company, an oil pipe, but they are trying to grow their gas piece of the business and they’ve been public around that. But I would imagine they’re going through that process right now and they probably want to maybe making a decision at some point.
Julien DuMoulin-Smith: All right. Well, thank you very much. Congrats again.
Peter Oleksiak: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers: Hey, good morning, guys.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Eggers: On the guidance bump for the quarter and kind of resetting the baseline going forward, what structure are you seeing is giving you more confidence to lift the starting point for growth from here?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. On the midstream we are seeing and mainly within the gathering segment and the drilling related to Southwestern. So what we saw in the first half is that there is some upside. Some of this was acceleration of drilling which is positive as well, because Southwestern is allocating our capital and drilling to this region even with the relatively low gas price environment, most of the increase is tied to the higher well performance. That oil performance in volumes will continue to flow. So that is a permanent increase for us. And the great thing about this and this is where we talk about our strategies of having these interconnect assets that it really amplifies income. So we’re seeing those volume increases then occur on Bluestone then occurs on the Millennium Pipeline as well. So we’re feeling really comfortable with those volume increases that are tied to the well performance there.
Dan Eggers: So that step-up is what is giving you confidence in the sustainability, it is not an assumption of sustained higher trading value?
Peter Oleksiak: No, no. That’s tied to our midstream segment.
Dan Eggers: Okay. Got it. And then how should we think about what you guys are going to do to be able to earn your ROEs at electric given this lower demand growth or the flat demand growth outlook between rate case periods?
Peter Oleksiak: We will be planning that, so some of that is that we have a forecast that test year here. So we are forecasting and we’ll continue forecast energy efficiency. One of the things we’re looking at right now from a load perspective is that we are anticipating a flat load at this point in time. At one point in time we were anticipating probably 0.5% type of increase, but once again we’re pleased with the results as we’ve been really focus on energy efficiency, so we have upped our energy efficiency. And if you look at the legislation, that is proposed in the governors -- his areas of priority, energy efficiency is going to be a key component as we think to our generation planning and our integrated resource planning process. So we’ll continue to forecast, so we really is getting the right dominator.
Dan Eggers: Just one more, sorry Peter, go ahead.
Peter Oleksiak: I guess the supplement that we have proven track record around cost management as well, but something it will continue to [Indiscernible] between rate proceedings as well.
Dan Eggers: Okay. And then I guess just one more on the NEXUS side. Can you walk through what you are seeing, quantifying the gathering opportunities, how much capital can go into that? And what is the level of interest for incremental projects you are hearing from customers at this point?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. It’s far too early to say what the capital plans will be, but we do see they are out there. There was a recent report that came out that the Utica region reserve forecast has gone up again. So every forecast that’s come out on the Utica Shale it goes higher and higher, so we know that there will be there. And as we’re proving out our gathering business plan in Southwestern that’s really helping us as we’re talking to producers in the region as well. But its too early to say, but I would say that there is a lot of opportunity there and will help as you think through the midstream segment not only in this five-year projection we provided there, but beyond that five-year period gathering will be a piece of that.
Dan Eggers: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Shahriar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Just on the Enbridge ownership stake in NEXUS, is there a point when DTE makes a strategic decision to take on the additional ownership? So like the Enbridge ownership has been open for some time, is there sort of a deadline that you have internally within the Company?
Peter Oleksiak: We don’t really have a firm deadline with them and as I mentioned we like them when they are in, if they are in the project and if they’re not. So, its something that we don’t -- we’re not really pushing at this point in time from a – if they’re not in the project we have a larger percent ownership of a great pipe. If they are in the project, it does from a strategic perspective they have ownership interest in Vector and they have demand that’s off takes on the backend with their LDC, it helps from a long-term strategic perspective, but there is no firm deadline at this point in time for them.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And then as you approach year end with the Open Access Policy, any idea how it’s going to shake out with obviously three different competing proposals?
Peter Oleksiak: Actually I would characterize the proposals as complementary and they are all focusing on the same thing. So, all the proposals on the table are really aimed at eliminating – there are two major flaws we have right now with the retail access program in Michigan, one of them is free option to move back and forth on utility to retail open access backed utilities, so all of the proposals address that. There is either one-time election to the utility if you’re going out on to the market you need some type of capacity. The range right now is 3 to 5 years in the proposals. The capacity does address the second flaw we have which is there is a heavy subsidization that’s happening right now with our bundled customers to retail open access. So really does have put in more level fair playing field around that as well. So the economics with the customers on retail access will change and because of they really get into more of the true cost are being on the program. And this permanent, more permanent type of election as well will impact the decision. So it’s really too early to know how much of the 900 megawatts will come back. And if there’s election too come back you know the timing of that return will be tied to individual contracts with those customers.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it, got it. And just one last question on the guidance in Energy Trading, it looks like the top end of the guidance assumes an additional $5 million in earnings. Could we -- is it fair to assume that is sort of a fourth quarter recognition just given the way the segment recognizes earnings historically?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. I would say that, you actually -- from time to time you may experience even a slight loss in the third quarter, because lot of contracts and earnings are tied not to physical fields with gas and power delivery in the first and fourth quartet.
Shahriar Pourreza: Excellent. Congrats. Thanks 
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. I have a question with regard to gas service area sales. If you look at the Q2, 2015 numbers versus Q2, 2014 numbers, you had a really big negative swing in residential, commercial, industrial, but then a very positive comp on end user transportation. Is the former just weather driven and what’s the latter being driven by?
Peter Oleksiak: Jeff, do you want to handle that one.
Jeff Jewell: Yes. That’s exactly what we’re seeing. It’s just a combination of -- from the weather, obviously the weather is what driving the quarter over quarter, year-over-year and in the end trend [ph] forward to seeing more volume on that front just from additional load in those things.
Greg Gordon: Okay. That was my only question. Thank you.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Matt Tucker with KeyBanc.
Matt Tucker: Hey, guys. Good morning. Just noticed with the revised guidance that you widened the range a little bit, can you just talk about the key sensitivities you had in the second half and what kind of gets you to the high or low end of the range?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. The widening of range, a lot of that is tied with the energy trading segment, now that we do have a range for that, so that’s really what that you tie there. The key sensitivities, for us just continued strong performance. On the utilities, a lot of that will be tied to what’s happening on the weather fronts and then the weather would be load as well as storm related activities. The gas utility as well, there is fourth quarter heating load, some variability that will occur there as well, so the utilities, a lot of it at this point in time is tied to weather and weather-related type of income. In our non-utilities just continued strong performance. For our midstream segment we have upped guidance for that segment, so we’re comfortable now with that range for our Power and Industrial segment that you look at it from a year to-date perspective. They are roughly $50 million with the top end of guidance at 100, so they continue the performance. We’ve seen in the first half, they potentially could be near the upper end of guidance for that segment.
Matt Tucker: Got it, thanks. And just a follow up to that. I guess we’re about three weeks into July. How has the weather been I guess so far this quarter? And were you able to factor that into the guidance?
Jeff Jewell: Yes. We factor that into the guidance. And so far the first half like Peter mentioned in his opening comments, the first part of July was a little cooler, but then so far here in the last week or so its been above and so we’ll just see how that plays out, but yes, all that’s been contemplated in our guidance.
Matt Tucker: Thanks. And then just on the lower load growth expectations going forward, you’ve kind of addressed this, but just big picture, how does that affect your long-term expectations? And does it affect your earnings guidance for DTE Electric, the long-term earnings guidance you’ve provided and are there kind of offsets that we should be considering?
Peter Oleksiak: Now there’s no impact at all to the earnings guidance for the utility. The utility business at this point and where the money and earnings are tied to with the new capital investment. Power generation replacement strategy we talked about that was on the coal retirement, but also our distribution company. We’re going through a big replacement in upgrading plan. We’re going to sharing some that at our Analyst Day here in September as well. So the flat load for us and we are relatively modest even to begin with prior to this new change of 0.5% and one thing we’re looking at right now is, and the metric we’re really going to moving towards the total bill. What’s happening with your total bill? The way it works for customers is -- this is power supply cost that is a past-through that goes away when the usage is down, right. We have a base rate increase tied to the distribution investment and charges. The customers are experience decreases in the total bills even when rates are increasing, if their usage is down.
Matt Tucker: And if I could just ask one more. How confident are you that there will be energy policy legislation this year? And are there any kind of key dates we should be thinking about?
Peter Oleksiak: That combination can be with a political process, but I know the governor has been pretty strong around signaling. He wanted to be done by the end of the year, even recently Senator Nofs has been out there publicly saying he wants it done by the end of the year. They are – so all the signals and momentum is for this to get done at this year.
Matt Tucker: Thanks a lot. That’s all from me.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Andrew Weisel with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew Weisel: Hey, good morning everyone.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: First question on retail open access. You touched on this, but I want to ask in a slightly different way. If we take the Nofs proposal at face value, I am sure things will change. But if it were exactly as written, how much of the load do you think would come back and how quickly?
Peter Oleksiak: It’s really too early to determine from the details of that. I would imagine for him, he did have – you need to – if you’re going to stay on the program, first of all there’s an election. If you take the election back to utility its one time, so that is this free option going away, we’ll probably have some of the retail open access customers take a pause and wanted to – whether they return or not. And if they do stay in the program, they’re going to have to get capacity and Nofs proposal I believe was that from a three-year perspective. So each customer has individual economics and the changes through economics. That and coupled with market prices and our sense is that market prices will be increasing as supply, demand and supply tightens as well. So that’s really I guess round about, Andrew, it’s really too early to say. I can say I would imagine some of the 500 [ph] megawatts, but probably would be coming back given the changes, the structural changes that will be occurring with all the proposals that are out there. And the timing of that, it could be relatively quick, but lot of that will be tied to the individual contracts with these retail open access customers.
Andrew Weisel: And how long do those contracts typically run?
Peter Oleksiak: We don’t really have insight into that.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Fair enough. Next question is on energy efficiency. The new expectations you have for load growth, is that based on the -- again the Nofs proposal, or is that some other DTE view of what energy efficiency programs will look like going forward?
Peter Oleksiak: It is the DTE Energy forecast. Some of that is -- we’ve been working hard at this for five years as I mentioned. In many ways I think, in many cases I said, we’re leading edge. So it is realizing the adoption of these energy efficiency programs. They are occurring even faster which is great for us and our customers. So it really tied to what we’re seeing there and the projecting of that going forward. Now both, the Nofs and the Nesbitt [ph] proposals versus having a mandate kind of working that and integrating that part of the integrated resource planning process. And the governors that’s really public around energy efficiency. That’s going to be part of our generation planning, will be what level will be covered off and energy efficiency. And as you know even the clean power plan, the EPA requirements gives you credit for energy efficiency.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, great. Then lastly, I know decoupling is something -- electric decoupling is something being floated in these proposal legislations. What are your views on that? And in light of what we just talked about with the load growth forecast, would your preference be for full decoupling or something only for energy efficiency?
Peter Oleksiak: We will work through those details, but I can say broadly that we are supportive of energy decoupling.
Andrew Weisel: Fully or partially?
Peter Oleksiak: We’re still working through that. I’d say that this first I think we’re having some it is as we’re thinking through there’s probably merits to both either one of those different proposals.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our next question from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Yes. Hi, good morning. Just one other question on the Gas Storage and Pipelines upside. So, you guys typically give kind of like a five-year look on these businesses, and I know you mentioned you expect this to continue into 2016. All else equals, is this something that you see as kind of benefiting the five-year look?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. It definitely helps. I would say firm up that five-year projection.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. When you say firm up, it was still that little bit of -- I guess it was the white part or whatever in the bar chart. Is that what you mean by that?
Peter Oleksiak: We are still going – we’re in the midst right now where our longer term planning process, we’ll be providing an update at our Analyst Meeting.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then I know going to the P&I business, I think in some meetings we’ve had, you have talked about co-generation being maybe a potential growth area. Any updates on opportunities there?
Peter Oleksiak: No, it really is --we do see if you think through the opportunities set there -- this cogeneration is one, so we continue to work through those opportunities. There are some projects we have in place right now and are getting into service. They’re probably not a lot of updates since the last meeting but we continue to be optimistic on this side and getting the projects for this segment to grow as we indicate in terms of this five-year growth prospects.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Thank you.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Good morning.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Just a few quick ones following up on the energy efficiency. With the flat growth, how much of this is based on sort of your efforts at energy efficiency? In other words, if we were to take out your efforts of energy efficiency, what would you guys estimate the impact of sales growth to be?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. Without the energy efficiency, it is roughly about -- Jeff, you’d said, about a 0.5% 
Jeff Jewell: Yes.
Peter Oleksiak: We look through and what we’re doing right now. We are in the new era right now with this energy efficiency, because historically you look at your load growth tied directly to economic activity. So we still look at that, but now with the energy efficiency that’s after that. So our customer counts are increasing, so that’s one thing we look at and the overall level activities within the businesses is really the usage that defining [ph].
Paul Patterson: Do you see any difference between an IRP versus the mandate in driving energy efficiency going forward? Those have been two differences in legislations.
Peter Oleksiak: I would say no, because the IRP really that’s going to be like one-stop shop for us. Right now, really the movement is potentially away from these mandates where we have a mandate for RPS or mandate for energy efficiency which is all tied to generation-related spend to have it in one place. So in that IRP process they will discussions and agreements on energy efficiency as well as renewable spend. So I would say it doesn’t, it’s really just change the location of where the discussions and the process for the discussions will be occurring.
Paul Patterson: Is there any -- of all the proposals and the legislation that you guys outlined very nicely in the presentation, is there any one that we should think of as being a significant difference in terms of what your earnings outlook would be or would change the -- where you would be in the range if you [Indiscernible]?
Peter Oleksiak: I think they are all are relatively close.
Paul Patterson: Okay.
Peter Oleksiak: Aric Nesbitt has the elimination of retail open access program. We support that the most. But all the proposals are addressing. And probably the one area that I think we’re focus on as you are as well as the retail open access but all the proposals address the unfairness of the current program.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then with NEXUS there have been some suits associated with access for surveying purposes and what have you. Is there -- are those significant events? Or I mean, they seem to be happening in local courts. Are these sort of run of the mill stuff or is there…?
Peter Oleksiak: It is. I think the FERC community meetings and that process is really going well, and so we feel pretty good -- really good about that process and it was relatively routine. A lot of that is really determining the final path of the pipe, so those meetings are necessary and as we finalize that path, it definitely help us as we drive towards our fourth quarter application filing.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then just on the Gas Storage and Pipelines, it sounds like you guys were having a very good 2015 but that it may be a little bit of a slowdown in 2016. I don't know if I heard that correctly. Could you just elaborate that? That was in your prepared remarks. I just wanted to understand what the outlook is going forward with Gas Storage and Pipelines?
Peter Oleksiak: It is and what I have indicated is that we’re seeing the first half of the year increase in our gathering and pipeline business that a majority of that will flow through. Some of that is acceleration of drilling which is also positive to the Southwest and is really resourcing and allocating drilling resources here in the region. But we have our new growth segment, our EPS midpoint we are now saying we’re going to grow 5% to 6% off of that, so we…
Paul Patterson: Okay. Okay, so although -- so in other words, generally speaking obviously you guys feel very confident in raising your guidance and also your growth rate. And we shouldn't think about anything I guess materially sort of dragging -- in other words it doesn't seem like -- you are not pulling anything from 2016 into 2015 that is going to affect your long-term growth rate, is that the way to think about it?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. The growth rate is off our new growth segment guidance midpoint. So as we took a look at that 2016 and what we’re seeing here in the midstream segment as overall what was happening in the businesses and we were feeling comfortable and confident of not only raising the midpoint of guidance this year, but saying their 5% to 6% will be on that new growth segment.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great. I appreciate it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And it appears there are no further questions at this time. I’ll turn it back over to our speakers for any additional for closing remarks.
Peter Oleksiak: Once again, I’d like to thank everybody for joining us on the call today. And if you all could say – and I’m trying to root on my Tigers a little bit, I would appreciate that. And also want to once again remind you on September 28 we have our event here in Detroit. So if you can kind of save that date, and look forward to seeing you there. Have a good day.
Operator: That does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Anastasia Minor - Investor Relations Peter Oleksiak - Senior Vice President and CFO Jeff Jewell - VP and Controller Mark Rolling - VP and Treasurer
Analysts: Michael Weinstein - UBS Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Capital Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Andy Levi - Avon Capital Advisor
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the DTE Energy First Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Anastasia Minor. Please go ahead.
Anastasia Minor: Thank you, Dana and good morning everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2015 earnings call. Before we get started, I would like to remind you to read the Safe Harbor statement on page two including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes reference to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP net income to operating earnings provided in the appendix of today’s presentation. With us this morning is Peter Oleksiak, our Senior Vice President and CFO; Jeff Jewell, our Vice President and Controller, and Mark Rolling, our Vice President and Treasurer. We also have members of our management team with us to call on during the Q&A session. I would like to turn it over to Peter to start our call this morning.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks Anastasia and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. Hope everyone is enjoying the start of the spring season; this is definitely my favorite time of year. Like how the weather is gradually getting warmer, especially after going through another cold winter, but as many of you know the real reason I like this time of year is that it brings an another baseball season for my Detroit Tigers. As on year end call, I’ll provide an update and excited to report that the Tigers are starting out the season with one of the better records in baseball. We just came off a pretty tough series with the New York Yankees, so hats-off to the Yankees. There is a saying in baseball that you can’t win the pennant in April but you can lose it April. The Tigers have set themselves up nicely the first month of this season. Sitting here in the middle of Hockeytown; I also have to mention that Detroit Red Wings and the 24th consecutive playoff appearance. We are hoping for a deep run in the playoffs. Now, I’d like to transition from taking about the hot sports teams in Detroit to DTE. Let me start first by saying that DTE’s positioned, certainly positioned to have a good year as well. Jeff and Mark will be going through first quarter results in more detail but I’ll just say that we had a very successful quarter and on track to achieve our earnings and balance sheet targets in 2015. Before we move to quarter results, I would like to do a quick overview of our business strategy as well as some highlight of what’s happening at DTE and in Michigan. We can move on slide five. This slide provides an overview of our business strategy and investment thesis. Our growth plans for the next 10 years at both utilities are highly visible. Our electric utility growth is driven by environmental spend in the near-term and renewal of our generation fleet in the longer term, which will be the natural replacement of our aging coal fleet. Our gas utility growth is driven by infrastructure investment and the main line pipe replacement. Complementing our utility growth are meaningful growth opportunities in our non-utility businesses, which provide diversity in earnings and geography. Our two utilities are deploying capital in very constructive regulatory environment. And we’re working hard to earn this constructive environment every day. Our efforts begin with the highly engaged workforce. We found out last week that we won the Gallup Great Workpace Award. We’re the only utility to win that award and actually won it three years in a row. We also have a continued focus on continuous improvement. The combination of these two, employee engagement and continuous improvement enables us to continue our cost savings track record and utilities’ ability to consistently earn their authorized returns. We also continue to focus on operational excellence and customer satisfaction that we believe are distinctive in our industry. We have certainly seen positive results on this front as currently DTE Gas is ranked highest by J.D. Power among our peers for residential and business customer satisfaction. Our dividend continues to grow as we grow earnings and our goal is to maintain a strong BBB credit rating. This strategy provides for a consistent 5% to 6% annual EPS growth. Slide six: You can see some highlights of progress in 2015. Let me start first with Michigan’s energy policy. This is a major area of focus this year and I know that the people on this call are very interested in its status update. I feel there is positive momentum for constructive legislation. We expect this to occur by the end of the year and quite possibly by mid-year. This is the priority of the Governor and he called up publicly the need to get legislation done this year. The House lead, Aric Nesbitt has introduced legislation and the Senate lead, Mike Nofs is about too. The process is in slow motion. I’ll touch more an Energy Policy in a few minutes. Quick update on the various rate filings for our two utilities. We expect a rate order for our electric cost of service filing by June. This filing will deliver refined cost of service rates to our customers and our business customers will see sizable rate reductions. The rate case process is ongoing for electric general rate case filing that we put in December last year. This is the first rate case we have filed in four years and it’s predominantly a recovery of the $3 billion of capital investment deployed since our last filing. We expect to supplement rates in early July and receive a final order by the end of the year. For DTE Gas, we expect to receive an order this year for our expanded infrastructure recovery mechanism application that if approved will allow us to double the annual miles of our main line replacement program. As you know, DTE Electric completed the acquisition of 700-megawatt gas-fired peaking plant earlier this year. We also received a result of our recent RFP for upto 350 megawatts of additional peaking generation are currently in late stage negotiations. We look to announce the transaction next month and close this transaction later this year. With this purchase, full service customers’ capacity requirements will be covered during the summer timeframe. We felt it was very important to secure Michigan space generation for our full service customers, given the projected capacity shortfall in the state of Michigan next summer. On the no-utility front, we’re definitely moving on all cylinders; the progress on a number of projects and our gas storage and pipeline business, we’re working to the details of successful open season for the Millennium Pipeline. We’ve talked about this potential expansion, given the needs of the East Coast LDCs and the critical role the Millennium Pipeline plays in delivering Marcellus gas to market. This is another major milestone for gas pipeline business and helps firm up future year growth. Let’s share the details of the expansion, once we’re through finalizing commercial terms of the contracts. For our NEXUS Pipeline, we have enough commitments and additional prospects to move forward with a 1.5 BCF pipe. Currently, we’re progressing through the pre-filing process quite nicely. Most recent activity is around finalizing rightaways and the final path for the pipe. Our goal is to follow the FERC application early fourth quarter this year. We also expect the fourth quarter and service date for both the NEXUS Pipeline as well as the Millennium expansion, I touched on earlier. In our power and industrial segment, we have a number of projects moving along including an 8-megawatt on-site cogeneration project that went into service this quarter. For our REF business, we’ve signed a contract to operate a third party REF facility that begins operations in the second quarter of this year. This operating agreement will run through 2020 and has already been included in the guidance we provided. Regarding REF locations, we’re continuing to work on the relocation of our ninth unit and expect this later this year as well as potential optimization opportunities with our other units. We are off to a strong start across our portfolio of businesses and we’re optimistic on having another successful year in 2015. Let me now move to update the Michigan economy and the updates of energy policy legislation. On the road we get asked quite a bit on how the economy is progressing in Michigan and with the city of Detroit; on slide seven is a positive commercial update for both. We continue to see economic momentum in our state. Michigan’s unemployment rate in March was 5.6% which is the lowest since September 2001. Year-over-year, Michigan’s unemployment rate has dropped to full 2 percentage points. This is the second largest improvement in the country. We continue to see improvement in other economic indicators including increases in residential customer and business customer accounts and our forecasts show this trend continuing. You can see on the page that Michigan is showing growth by moving up 8 spots in the state ranking of Real Gross Domestic Product. Michigan now is in the upper 50% of all states in terms of growth. Also want to highlight the city of Detroit’s economic rebirth. I believe the city has come a long way since the bankruptcy filing on many fronts. One indicator that we show on this slide is a Detroit metro area ranking number eight in the U.S. for a number of new expansion projects. The city’s rebirth is largely due to the strong leadership we have in this city. Detroit Mayor, Mike Duggan is very focused on the financial and operational strength of the city. DTE as well as other city partners are working with them to help continue this momentum. Moving on to slide eight, I am now going to turn to an update on energy policy. As I mentioned earlier, Governor Snyder has made it clear that energy policy is important legislative priority for him this year. He called off the need for new legislation in a state of the state address and provided more detail goals in his energy message in March, highlighting this significant transformation and the generation sources that our state will undertake over the next 10 to 15 years. Michigan also has strong leadership in both the House and the Senate and Energy Policy; Representative, Aric Nesbitt, Chair of the House Energy Policy Committee. We’re confident that he thoroughly understands the future energy policy needs of our state. Representative Nesbitt introduced legislation in March that’s consistent with the Governor’s goals of the liability and adaptability. He also recommended the elimination of the broken retail access program we have here in Michigan which we support. Senator, Mike Nofs, Chair of the Energy and Technology Committee and is very seasoned when it comes to Energy Policy. He is one of the principal architects of the Michigan’s 2008 energy legislation as a Member of the House back then. He will be introducing legislation shortly and in recent interviews has indicated that he will include design changes to the retail access program to make it more fair, and will also contain a longer-term generation integrated resource planning process, which will give us upfront review and approval of our coal plant retirement and replacement. We expect legislation to be completed this year and are confident that Michigan has the strong leaders in place that understand energy and utility dynamics and will provide this year constructive legislation for Michigan’s future. In a minute I’ll turn the call over to Jeff and Mark to review the quarter results, before that I just want to highlight that we’re on track to achieve our earnings guidance. So on slide nine, this slide shows our EPS history and our target of 5% to 6% growth. As I mentioned before, we expect to grow our dividend with earnings. The chart shows our current 2015 guidance midpoint of $4.60 with the next page showing our earnings guidance by segment. So, you can see on slide 10 that we are holding our EPS guidance range of $4.48 to $4.72 for 2015. This slide shows 2015 year-to-date actuals compared to the full year guidance. Just like last year, weather favorability helped provide a strong quarter for utilities, particularly on the gas side as we again hit one of the coldest winters on record. Our non-utilities also had a strong first quarter. Jeff will take you through the details of our quarter results shortly. Like last year, we will reserve this first quarter favorability as contingency for summer weather variability. The bottom-line, there are no changes in guidance at this time, but we’re off to a strong start. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Jeff Jewell, our Vice President and Controller to provide more details on the first quarter results.
Jeff Jewell: Thanks, Peter and good morning, everyone. Let’s turn to slide 12 to review the quarterly earnings performance. For the quarter, DTE Energy’s operating earnings were $1.65 per share and for reference our reported earnings were $1.53 per share. You can find a reconciliation of the first quarter reported to operating earnings on slide 24. As you know, Michigan and the rest of the Northeast in the first quarter of both 2014 and 2015 experienced significantly below normal temperatures including setting a couple of records. For us, the majority of the weather fluctuations can be seen in our gas segment. Here are couple of data points. The first quarter of 2014 set the record for the coldest quarter in over 60 years. The first quarter of 2015 was the third coldest and February itself set the record for that month. Now for the quarter-over-quarter results, our growth segments first quarter operating earnings in 2015 were lower by $10 million or $0.06 per share. Electric segment was equal to the first quarter of 2014. This was primarily due to fewer storms year-over-year which drove lower operating and maintenance expenses offset by increased rate base growth cost driven by increased capital investments. The gas segment was lower by $18 million, driven by the extreme weather experienced in the first quarter of 2014. The major contributor to the quarter-over-quarter decline, were the weather of $11 million and weather related storage and transport of $7 million. Gas storage and pipelines earnings were $6 million above the prior year. This increase was primarily due to the volume growth in the Bluestone Pipeline and Susquehanna gathering assets, partially offset by weather driven storage earnings in 2014. Our Power and industrial projects segment was up $18 million versus 2014. A good portion of this variance was due to our REF business. As we saw last year, the performance in REF can vary depending on the underlying volumes and the timing of new relocations. As a result, we expect much of the REF favorability to reverse out over the balance of the year, more than offsetting underlying growth from new relocations and projects. In addition, we do expect some of the $18 million of favorability to flow through from growth in our renewables and on-site businesses related to new investments that came on line in 2014 and early 2015. Our corporate and other segment came in unfavorable by $16 million versus last year. This variance is due largely to an effective tax rate adjustment which will reverse within the year. As a result, we remain comfortable with our earnings guidance range for this segment. Again, the overall growth segments results for the quarter were $282 million or $1.58 per share. At energy trading, operating results for the quarter came in at $12 million with economic net income of $20 million, both the power and the gas business lines contributed to these results. Please refer to page 23 of the appendix to review energy trading standard reconciliation page, which shows both economic and accounting performance. That concludes the update on our earnings for the quarter. I’d like to now turn the discussion over to Mark, who will cover cash flow and balance sheet metrics.
Mark Rolling: Thanks, Jeff and good morning to everyone on the call. Let me open by saying that our cash flow and balance sheet remain strong and continue to support our long-term growth plans. I’m going to begin on slide 14 with look at our cash flows for the first quarter of the year. Cash from operations in the first quarter is $800 million which is up from the first quarter last year. The favorability we’re seeing is spread across several business units and most of it is timing related. So, we’re sticking with our guidance of $1.7 million of cash from operations for the full year. Capital spending was also higher in the first quarter due to increased investments at the electric utility, partially offset by lower capital spending at our non-utility businesses. We achieved $500 million of long-term debt in the first quarter which drove a reduction in our commercial paper balance. And somewhat unceremoniously, in the first quarter, we made a final payment on the securitization bonds. Back in 2001, we issued $1.8 billion of securitization bonds to recover the costs of our Fermi 2 nuclear plant and those bonds are now paid off. Moving to slide 15, which lays out our capital investments in a little more detail. DTE Electric CapEx is higher due to our $240 million investment in a 700 megawatt gas peaker in January of this year. And compared to last year, CapEx for our non-utility business was down in the first quarter, but that’s just a result of how the investments show up across the quarters; we refer to that as the lumpy nature of our non-utility projects. For the first quarter, our capital spending is on track to our plan and in line with your full year guidance of $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion. Let me wrap up on slide 16 with a look at our balance sheet metrics. Our plan for 2015 is to maintain our strong balance sheet and end year within our targeted range for both leverage and FFO to debt. In the first quarter, we issued nearly $200 million of equity to our internal mechanisms and that fulfills the equity needs for this year. And we continue to plan for $800 million to $900 million of equity through 2017. To fund the growth at DTE Electric, we issued $500 million of 30-year debt at very attractive rate. In fact it’s a lowest rate 30-year debt, we’ve issued since the Eisenhower administration. As of the end of March, we had a healthy $1.9 billion of available liquidity and earlier this month, we successfully amended and extended our credit facilities, increasing the size to $1.9 billion and extending the term to April 2020. And now, I’ll hand the discussion back over to Peter to wrap up.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks Mark. Let me give you a quick summary on slide 18 and open it up -- the line for questions. You just heard, we had a very strong first quarter. We remain on track to achieve our earnings guidance for 2015; anticipate successful outcomes this year for both our utility regulatory filings as well as the Michigan’s energy policy reform. Our balance sheet and cash flow metrics remain strong and our investments in our utility and non-utility businesses support our target of 5% to 6% to EPS growth going forward. I’d like to thank you all for joining our call this morning. And now I’d like to open it up for any questions that you have. Dina, if you want to open up the line, I would appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we’ll take our first question from Michael Weinstein with UBS.
Michael Weinstein: The first question I have is how does this positive quarter affect your future lean initiatives later on in the year? I’m just wondering and I know it’s kind of earlier that you may have the summer to get through but just wondering if that -- how you expect that to impact mix?
Peter Oleksiak: As we’ve mentioned on this call and the past, when we’re on the road, we’re going to the every year with three plans, the base plan; the lean plan; and the invest plan. For each of those, we wait for the different additions, to see which one we strike; weather normal would be the base plan. Where we’re right now with the weather favorability is we’re actually looking at investing potentially but we’re going to the process right now of in our gas utility in particular, going through the list to understand what the potential investments we can make there with the idea of making those investments to help the long-term assets in operational excellence and consistently earning our authorized returns there. So, the short answer there is at least at this moment, we don’t see lean plans having to strike that, our lean plans more than anything, there will be some invest in particular in our gas utility.
Michael Weinstein: And I just had one another question on NEXUS, and I am wondering how you’re seeing shipper demand and also just LDC demand and other demand shaping up in the region, given the low gas prices or oil prices, lower rig counts?
Peter Oleksiak: We’re continuing to see strong interest as that region’s continuing to get drilled up and evolve. There is increased capital allocation, the shippers overall have dropped their level of capital that they are spending. But most of them, if they have investments in this area have reallocated more capital to this region. So, we are seeing that. So we’re continuing to see interest coming through both the shippers and the LDCs.
Michael Weinstein: Is that a reflection of the regions you’re in or more dry versus wet; is there an advantage that you have?
Peter Oleksiak: It is. We were on the as a Marcellus with our Bluestone Pipeline and Millennium, that’s definitely a prolific shale play, low on the dispatch curve and then our NEXUS pipeline is going to Utica Shale which again is very prolific and low on the dispatch curve. There is a lot of interest to shippers as well; they can drill and the capital is getting allocated there because there gas to market.
Michael Weinstein: And actually one final question would be, do you guys expect that legislation could be finished by June or you think it’s more of an August project?
Peter Oleksiak: There is some probability that it gets done by mid-year; the Governor has been pretty public and that is his goal. We’re planning on it getting done by the end of the year. We want to make sure it kind of goes through the as normal process as you are kind of seeing out there; it is progressing nicely and it’s going like other legislative prophecies with a lot of different proposals out there; they need to work through those and reconcile those. So, I would say there is some chance here, most likely it will be done later this year.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Daniel Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Daniel Eggers: Just on the last question on the legislation, I guess the Governor is talking about this fair choice concept. When you guys look at the House and Senate bills, do you see interest on those two, because they are giving a little more different opinions [indiscernible]. Are you seeing them converging toward what the Governor’s laying out and as prospects we could see some new version of legislation coming sometime soon?
Peter Oleksiak: It’s tough to say where this is going to end, one thing that we’re actually happy to see is that the legislation is getting the most momentum and support as some sort of fix to this broken retail access program we have in Michigan. And then, there is various ways you can fix this program. Aric Nesbitt has put out there, how do we just maybe completely eliminate the flaw of retail access program. His focus is on angling the liability and capacity needs for the state. We support that plan, but we’re also happy to see that both the Governor and Senators are also focused on retail access and how unfair it is. But at this point, it’s kind of tough to say where we’re going to end up; we’re just happy that the retail access program is getting work out.
Daniel Eggers: Zone 7 wasn’t a big capacity prices option, obviously the price in Illinois was pretty dramatic change. How is that affecting you? A, how you guys are looking at resource adequacy and adding capacity to be owned by DTE versus contracted and what level of attention has that gotten at the commission or down in Lansing?
Peter Oleksiak: The recent option on MISO, I know there was a bit of confusion on that or at least in terms of where did the prices come in. It came in as expected. The planning cycle that they are planning for when it goes up, all up until the summer of next year, the capacity shortfall that we’re anticipating will be in the summer of next year ‘16 and that’s the’16 and ‘17 planning cycle for MISO. So those results came in as expected. What we saw down in Zone 4 is what we’re going to anticipate we’re going to see in Zone 7 where year-over-year you saw a pretty dramatic change I think zone factor 10 of capacity prices with the shortfall that occurred there. So, there could be option and we’re expecting a significant increase. One other nuance that pushed this until next year is there was an extension with some retirements in our region for a few months that literally helped us get bridge the capacity all happen to the edge of next summer.
Daniel Eggers: I think I am seeing Peter with the potential for very meaningful increase in capacity prices for next year, are you guys using that or having those conversations with the Commissioner and others to say we need to be doing even more to get or have this from owned and new build resource perspective?
Peter Oleksiak: Conversations we’re having with them is really highlighting the need for new generation in the eight choice program where that has not been built for them, but it’s really helping us highlight its retail access issue that’s more than anything. The results of that retail access program, I know we’ve talked about this in the call, we’ll see if we get some load coming back to us, if we do, you’ll have to figure out in the short-term basis how we satisfy that low demand in longer term, we’ll roll it into our integrated resource planning process.
Daniel Eggers: And last one I guess when we look at the P&I results, obviously was a really good quarter relative to plan. How much of the probably the upside in the quarter were things, were period specific, whether be better trading opportunities and how much of it is a recalibration operators? Are you guys seeing better performance than may be you thought when you put out guidance earlier?
Peter Oleksiak: The main difference remained and Jeff was highlighting this in his talking points, is our REF business. That is tied to coal plant production and the variability around that coal plant production. The variability in that coal plant production is tied to when outages are taken at the coal plants and when they’re dispatched and depending where they’re at on the dispatch curve. So, you do see variability that occurs during the year on those coal plants. So, we did see quarter over quarter basis more coal plant production. We are anticipating relatively normalized production for the balance of the year. So we will see that variability bleed off for the balance of the year. Underlying that, there is some growth. We do have growth in our renewal projects; we have some wood waste projects came on line; we’re going to get a full year’s annual growth out of them, some landfill gas projects on line as well as I was mentioning the 8-megawatt cogeneration plant as well.
Operator: We’ll go next to Matt Tucker with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Matt Tucker: With respect to the intact guidance, it sounds like you had some timing issues in the quarter with corporate and the REF units and sort of offset. So assuming normal weather for the rest of the year; is it fair to say you’re at least on pace to beat the midpoint of guidance with the weather benefit you have or are there some other offsets that we should be thinking about?
Peter Oleksiak: At one quarter end, one thing as you know what we like to do especially with the summer ahead of us in our electric business and the variability with the summer timeframe, we like to hold on reserve any type of contingency around that. We are starting off strong in our gas utility there in particular; we make the judgment call on how much do we want to reinvest that into the gas utility. And we are in any stay out period right now in terms of rate filings is one of the ways that we help stay out of rate filling is reinvesting, go lean when we can with a gas utility. And then for our non-utilities, we mentioned the P&I segment; most of that was timing; we’re expecting that to come back in from a guidance perspective. Our gas storage and pipeline business, we do have additional incremental volume that we did see in the quarter. So, they are off to a strong start but there is volume variability that still could remain in the balance of the year. So, we’re kind of holding that favorability right now for that potential variability. So, I guess it’s a long winded answer. We feel positive about the quarter. And right now we’re just reserving that favorability for the balance of the year.
Matt Tucker: And then, it looks like your electric weather normal sales were down about 1% in the quarter year-over-year. Can you just give us a little color on what think is going there, in particular given what sounds like a pretty healthy and improving economy in your territory? 
Peter Oleksiak: I’ll ask Jeff Jewell to answer that question.
Jeff Jewell: Overall view of the forecast is about 0.5% for the full year and that’s kind of what our long-term is. So what we’re seeing in the quarter is sort of one-time outages on retooling in the auto sector and also the steel. So again, we sort of characterize the timing just from when they were planning on doing those and sort of what their balance of the year production is going to be. So again, we’re looking at it about 0.5% growth.
Matt Tucker: And given how weak gas prices have been so far this year and look likely to remain obviously this summer, just update us on the Bluestone system, what you’re seeing there and if there is any change to your growth plans, your expectations?
Peter Oleksiak: We are not seeing any impact on the gas prices with our Bluestone Pipeline or gathering. We did sign new agreement with Southwestern; we mentioned that last year and really some northern acreage around Bluestone Pipeline; we’re doing the gathering for them there. That part of the Marcellus Shale in particular is very prolific. And so they are very bullish around getting the drilling done there; volumes are coming strong as well, no impact.
Operator: We’ll go next to Andrew Weisel with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew Weisel: First question on the Governor’s energy speech. For retail open access, you didn’t talk about re-regulation but talked about sort of this five year commitment. And I don’t if there are other options that would be somewhere in between like potentially an interruptible tariff or customers switching back. If the final ends up kind of in line with the Governor’s suggestions, how much of the load that has switched you think might return over the next few years?
Peter Oleksiak: Andrew, I’d say it’s a good question, but I just don’t want to answer at this point in time. We’ll get into the details, it ends up being more of a design change with the capacity commitment as well as return provisions that are more fair to upholster with customers; it will be a choice by choice basis in terms of the customers currently in the program. So, I would anticipate some of that load coming back for people trying to bottom-line of that new type of structure; some could remain. So, you kind of get into the details and the economics and the decision making process with individual customers will be tough to predict.
Andrew Weisel: Then on the Governor’s proposals for energy efficiency, pretty ambitious target. How do you think that might affect your weather normalized load growth outlook? And would your expectation be that you would continue to get revenue recovery and incentives or is that something being debated?
Peter Oleksiak: The energy, where energy efficiency is going is one area of focus within this legislative progress. I know we talk a lot about the retail access piece of it, but the energy efficiency will be discussed just this week. Some of the Democrats introduced some bills around energy efficiencies and wanted to increase energy efficiencies. The Governor has mentioned a big part of his focus is on energy efficiency. We like energy efficiency; it’s good for customers; it lowers customers’ bills. And as we’re putting new generation in place, replacing fully depreciated generation, it helps from a bill and total rates perspective. From a weather load perspective, Jeff was mentioning the 0.5% growth. We’re assuming some element of energy efficiency end at 0.5% growth, probably up to 1%. So, it really would depend on the outcome of this energy efficiency program with the requirements of that and a bit more and above what we already have embedded in our long range forecast for sales growth.
Andrew Weisel: Then next is -- first quarter is any update on ownership structure and when Enbridge might make their decision?
Peter Oleksiak: The update is Enbridge is still considering ownership of the pipe. They are particularly in the pipeline their LDCs. They have expressed obviously -- they like to pipe itself; they expressed it in recent year-end call as well. So, they are still considering; it’s going through this normal decision making process for them. If they are not in the pipe, we get 50% ownership of a great project. So, we’re okay with either outcome.
Andrew Weisel: Then in terms of NEXUS, it pretty much seems like it’s a go at this point pending all the FERC approvals and filings. How do you think about that NEXUS system holistically and what it might mean for longer term growth, once it’s in service?
Peter Oleksiak: The NEXUS pipeline, when I think about the NEXUS Pipeline, I would like to refer back to the Millennium Pipeline that’s a Bluestone for that. So, the NEXUS Pipeline will grow and will become a variable asset for us as the Utica Shale production grows and develops and as gas needs to get to market by those shippers. So, we’re anticipating at some point, maybe in the future we can set up for future expansions on NEXUS that’s going to help NEXUS as well as Vector which NEXUS ties into. We also have skills, knowledge on developing laterals and gatherings. So, we’re hoping opportunities around NEXUS as well on the laterals and gathering projects. And the great thing about those projects is that the gathering project, you make money on that; it goes on to a lateral which helps make money on that; it goes on the NEXUS, helps make money on that; it goes in the Vector, help makes money on that. So it’s amplification of value to that value chain. So that’s how we’re seeing NEXUS will progress over the next few years after it’s in service.
Andrew Weisel: Then very quickly just a modeling one, the corporate taxes, there were some timing issues; any sense of over the next few quarters when those would reverse?
Peter Oleksiak: The effective tax rate, the way to think about that is we had strong income in the first quarter, we’re holding our total year forecast the same. So, you’re really seeing a flush of taxes, the timing of taxes on a profile in the first quarter. So, we are -- if you hold your total year forecast, the taxes will be balance out in the second, third and fourth quarter.
Andrew Weisel: Evenly though or is there, do you have any sense of when that might happen if it’s lumpy?
Peter Oleksiak: It will follow the income profile for those quarters. So, my sense is it will probably maybe be a little bit back and loaded, given our gas utility, low earnings in the second and third quarter.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Let me ask you on ultimately what gets approved, what choice, whether it’s the House, Senate or what the Governor is proposing? Is there any update on when we could potentially get some guidance around how much generation you could potentially build as a result of the 3 gigs of shortage?
Peter Oleksiak: It’ll be -- once we understand the final design, then we’ll have to be at that point in time some type of period to understand what customers under the total elimination of the broken program, it will be apparent, we have 900 megawatts out there on choice. There is some contract that they would have to work through, so they will all come back over a period or probably three-year period. Any other design, it really will be a case-by-case and really understanding what customers stay on choice, what customers come back to us. It would be some period of time after the legislation is passed and maybe a few months it as getting absorbed for us to. And as soon as we know that, we would give you guys an update in terms of what does this mean, in terms of additional megawatt that we’re going to have to serve.
Shahriar Pourreza: And then just one housekeeping on the stronger than expected results of energy trading, is there -- should we assume that’s going to invert the rest of the year or should we assume stronger results the rest or some of the economic hedges that unwind?
Peter Oleksiak: They are off to a strong start, I can say that and when we look at them, we do target $20 million to $25 million of economic and income. So, what you’re seeing on the accounting results is some of that stronger performance falling through. Typically there is seasonality in that business. We do have a good physical portfolio of businesses that serve and deliver gas and electricity. In the first quarter, the gas was flowing which helped out the earnings there, we’re going to see that again in the fourth quarter. So there is some seasonality in that business, so the next few quarters maybe a little bit quieter. So, I can tell you that we are off to a good start there; three quarters ago that’s one of the reasons why we’re holding the guidance on accounting.
Shahriar Pourreza: And then just one last question, Michigan State in the implementation plan under 111(d); is there any status there?
Peter Oleksiak: They’ve been holding some hearings in Lansing around that. So, there is some early work being done around that. There is a new agency that’s more going to be a policy courting agency that’s going to be involved in that working with environmental agencies as well as the MPSC. So there is early work that’s being done around coordinating and setting an overall Michigan policy that’s also lining up with the EPA requirements and having the states filed in individual plans within that. The good thing is that there is discussions happening and some really early thinking around what is going to be the structure of the state compliance process.
Operator: We’ll go next to Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon: Most of my questions have actually been answered. But if you don’t me asking and perhaps this should be offline. If I go back to your year-end/Q4 slide deck and look at the $70 million of operating earnings that you expect to come from your pipeline platform in 2019, this was noted that you include a 33% ownership of NEXUS. What percentage of that $70 million of operating earnings is the place holder for the NEXUS contribution?
Peter Oleksiak: We have not disclosed at that level detail. But we have disclosed that this could be a $700 million [ph] investment assuming that the 33% ownership interest and we have given some parameters around returns that we target.
Operator: We’ll go next to Michael Doran [ph] with Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Analyst: Most of my questions actually been answered, but just may be a little additional color on your sales growth and outlook there. It looks like it was down from a weather normalized basis just for the quarter but may be some additional color on that?
Jeff Jewell: So, what we’re seeing is with the 1% that’s related to timing, mainly in the auto and the steel sectors is again as they were doing some retooling there was also plant in Canada that’s down as retooling. So obviously there is a little bit of flow on during the quarter. But for the balance of the year, all those plants, the anticipation that they’re going to be growing for a lot of stuff. So that’s what sort of brings our growth back up to our anticipated 0.5% of the full year.
Peter Oleksiak: And Michael, on the residential, we saw this last year as well. When you got this extreme weather, you have additional conservation that happens and people will dialogue a little bit differentially, a little bit lower in their house. So we did see some additional conservation that’s playing through the residential segment.
Unidentified Analyst: And some off topic but to your comments on the Red Wings, it was great to see the tradition maintain with octopus. I think it was enormous too.
Peter Oleksiak: We lost in overtime last night that as always, but it’s two, two.
Unidentified Analyst: I don’t understand how they get them in the arena, innovative people out there in Michigan.
Operator: We’ll go next to Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold: Just a quick one on the legislation, is it -- obviously the Governor didn’t call for a specific RPF. So just curious whether you think that eventual outcome will include some sort of explicit higher RPF and if not what kind of number do you think is likely to fall out of your planning?
Peter Oleksiak: A lot of it is intertwined with the EPA requirements. There was a debate a few years ago, do we do more renewable or not in Michigan? So that Washington has determined that we will, so for us to comply with the current reductions, the EPA has outlined, we will be doing more renewables. Where the supporter momentum is going is more having flexibility around that. There will be a process we’re going to be submitting in to comply with 111(d) but there is also going to be need of the state and how they want renewable to be. So renewables will be going out to file amount, determined by a combination of our 111(d) filing as well as what the state wants. I’m not anticipating any type of new standard coming and it will be more on our portfolio basis what do we need to get cleaner in terms of CO2 and other emissions.
Jonathan Arnold: But either way, you anticipate obviously participating in building some of that whether it’s gas or renewable; it will be incorporated in your plan; is that how we should think of it?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes.
Jonathan Arnold: I did noticed in the prepared remarks, you mentioned potential opportunities to optimize some of the other REF units, presumably the existing ones. Is that potentially significant or more kind of tweaking at the edges?
Peter Oleksiak: More on the edge; these units are very scalable and they can handle lot of different volumes; more volumes is better. So, we’re continuing to look at those units that some units that we have on coal plant and some sites have monthly units, there may be opportunities to relocate some of those units to higher volume cola plant. It’s more on the edge.
Jonathan Arnold: Many of the units or is this just couple of them?
Peter Oleksiak: Just a few, a couple.
Operator: We’ll go next to Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Just a follow-up on a few things, the gas storage and pipeline. You mentioned some timing and you mentioned Bluestone seems to be on track. And I was just wondering if you can just elaborate a little bit more on the timing issue that are going to be bringing down the -- just how that’s going to flow over the year?
Peter Oleksiak: The timing is, our gathering business in particular is volume based from a revenue perspective. Southwestern is as mentioning is seeing really good volumes in this region and volumes around the acreage that we’re tying or gathering too. So we’re seeing those plus the incremental volumes come through. Now, we also see there is some variability that does occur sometimes in the balance of the year, the summer timeframe, the decision Southwestern makes around pricing and volume levels, so they may fluctuate a bit. But I would say we’re off to a strong start and some of that potentially could flow to the bottom-line for that segment.
Paul Patterson: But what will drive it down I guess, I mean if you could take that $27 million and you look at what’s your forecast is, what’s going to be -- I am sorry if it’s done, but what’s driving it down over the next few, is there some seasonal situations which you’re talking about or…
Peter Oleksiak: There is some seasonality to that business line.
Paul Patterson: But there is no change in any of the projects outlook in terms of…
Peter Oleksiak: No.
Paul Patterson: And then on the MISO capacity, I am sorry, you guys were mentioning sort of a forecast that you guys had and I want to make sure I completely understood that in your zone. You expected it to go up, how much I think in the following year?
Peter Oleksiak: We don’t have a particular forecast for our zone. And what I was mentioning is that where the prices came out was where we’re anticipating then. It was relatively -- we’re anticipating to see a sizable price increase in Zone 7 is for the summer ‘16 which will be next year’s, next planning year. But I did indicate, we did see some results in Zone 4 on a year-over-year basis that came up dramatically that was a 10-time increase that may or may not -- I mean there is some element or increase will occur in Zone 7 but it’s probably good indication of what’s going to happen within one planning year when there is a shortfall that occurs.
Paul Patterson: So, I mean I just want to make sure are you guys thinking that you might see similar signs like a 10-fold increase in…
Peter Oleksiak: It’s tough to say but we will see a sizeable increase.
Paul Patterson: And then just finally, you guys were mentioning the sales growth of 0.5%. And the Governor, it wasn’t clear to me whether or not the Governor’s strong emphasis on energy efficiency was part of that or whether you think that would incrementally make that lower or impacted at all, you follow them?
Peter Oleksiak: We do in our long range planning the 0.5, I did mentioned we do anticipate energy efficiency there to continue occur and it’s probably a rule of thumb is probably about 1%. So we are probably at more of organic growth of 1.5%, it gets down to 0.5% through energy efficiency. What I was indicating earlier was that depending on the nature of the energy efficiency programs that are out there, they’ll all be relative to our assumption of that 1%. This is more aggressive energy efficiency and potentially it could put down 0.5% of it.
Paul Patterson: So the Governor’s emphasis on this may lower that, but I guess it’s too early to say; is that sort of how to think about it?
Peter Oleksiak: The Governor’s message really is aspirational. I mean he really wants us to focus on energy efficiency. The EPA 111(d) compliance credits energy efficiency. So, we also have reason to focus on energy efficiency. But more than anything, I believe he is setting a real good tone around energy efficiency in the state of Michigan.
Operator: And we’ll take our final question today from Andy Levi with Avon Capital Advisor.
Andy Levi: You can take another question; I am all set.
Peter Oleksiak: Dana, I think that’s maybe it.
Operator: Yes, that is it.
Peter Oleksiak: Well, let me just conclude by saying that I appreciate everybody for joining us this morning. Once again, we are off to a good start here at DTE. Definitely appreciate your continued interest in DTE and hopefully everybody can be voting and supporting our Detroit based sports team. Have a great day.
Operator: Again this does conclude today’s presentation. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-13 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Anastasia Minor - Executive Director, Investor Relations Gerry Anderson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Peter Oleksiak - Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Greg Gordon - Evercore Investment Banking Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Capital Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates
Operator: Good day and welcome to the DTE Energy hosted Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Anastasia Minor. Please go ahead.
Anastasia Minor: Thank you, Dana and good morning everyone. Welcome to our 2014 year end earnings call. Before we get started, I would like to remind you to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2 of our presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP net income to operating earnings provided in the appendix of today’s presentation. With us this morning are Gerry Anderson, our Chairman and CEO and Peter Oleksiak, our Senior Vice President of Finance and CFO. We also have members of our management team with us to call on during the Q&A session. And with that, I would like to turn it over to Gerry to start our update this morning.
Gerry Anderson: Well, thanks Anastasia and good morning to all of you and thanks for joining us. I think I am going to be able to give you a very positive assessment both of what we accomplished this past year and what we feel we are positioned to deliver this year in 2015. So, the agenda for the call is laid out on Slide 4. I am going to begin with a look back on the past year and then I will provide a summary of energy policy developments both in Michigan and in Washington. And I will wrap up my comments by taking it through a long-term growth update and then I will turn things over to Peter Oleksiak to provide a financial update and some closing thoughts. So, I am going to frame my look back on 2014 within DTE Energy’s system of priorities and those priorities are laid out on Slide 5. Those of you who have been on this call in recent years should recognize this system of properties. It does describe the way we think about our company and the way we run our company. And I will take you through it briefly just to re-familiarize you. So, we start things with our employees and this is a core focus for the company with a simple common sense that it’s hard to create a great company, if your culture and the energy of your people isn’t great. If you get that right, you can translate that into great customer service and to great continuous improvement and management of your costs and you can also translate it into people who are willing to work hard to grow your company. And if you get those right, then I think great customer service and good management of cost and growth that plays into, for example, the State of Michigan’s economic development agenda. I give you a good chance to shape a political and regulatory context that’s constructive for the company. And if you combine a constructive regulatory context with a good growth strategy, we have a chance to produce really strong outcomes for you. And for us, that means consistent, predictable 5% to 6% or more annual earnings growth combined with an attractive dividend and a strong balance sheet. So, let me take you through the results around each of these priorities in the next few slides beginning on Slide 6 as a way of looking back on this past year’s accomplishments. Starting with our employees, so we ranked in the top decile of Gallup’s Employee Engagement Survey, Gallup does this all over the globe. And we entered the top decile for the first time in our company’s history. And I know at our year end Christmas party this past year, I picked out a couple of things that I was proudest of from 2014 and this was one of the two, because I think it’s a big deal for us to continue the sort of performance that we have had over the past 6 years. We also learned our second consecutive Gallup Great Workplace award. We were top quartile for the second year in a row in our industry with safety results. And we also have the National Safety Council rank us in the top 5% of 672 companies that they work with nationally and they really look at safety culture. So, I think this was another important outcome for us. On the continuous improvement front, interestingly the Project Management Institute, which is another one of these large global institutes, named DTE one of three finalists for their Global Project Management award. So, I can tell you that we haven’t always been this way. In fact, 6 or 8 years ago I could remember our first ranking on their zero to 5 scale and we have ranked a zero. And it was at that point that we challenged our people to turn our ability to manage large projects into a world-class process and they have worked on it hard since then and interesting to see them start at zero and end up as the finalist for top in the – top of the list so to speak. This continuous improvement of mindset is translating to our O&M expense was again – our expenses this past year were flat to 2008 levels. It really comes through a lot of CI work around the company. And so that ranks us again among the top of the peer group in our industry in O&M reductions. On the customer satisfaction front, we had some good news this past year. Our gas business ranked number one for both residential and business customer satisfaction. And both of those are firsts for our company, first time ever that we have been of the list. We have been targeting this very explicitly with our employees, so it’s great to achieve it. Our electric residential satisfaction is now third in our peer group. And we are pretty clear with our employees that we want to take that to where the gas business is. What we need to do get it there is primarily to invest in strengthening our electric system, reliability is our primary gap to the top one in that satisfaction survey. So we are therefore investing in reliability. Moving to Slide 7, on a political and regulatory front I really do feel there is positive momentum on Michigan’s energy policy, I will discuss that here in a few minutes, so I won’t dwell on it now. We did this past year file our first electric rate case in 4 years that will play out here in 2015. We have reduced average customer rates last year by 6% in January of ‘14. We have reduced rates another 6% actually in January of ’15. So that’s a good thing to have rates going down. And then we had Michigan spend, that spend with Michigan suppliers say $900 million, actually we just closed the books on the numbers $922 million. We started some years back in 2010 at about half that level, it’s been a great way for us to play into the economic development and job creation agenda of the state. On the growth front, we invested over $2 billion this past year, more than double our depreciation levels. We had $1.8 billion in the utilities. One of our significant projects was the Echo Wind Park that was 12 megawatt wind part that pushed us right to our 10% on the renewable portfolio standard here in the state. We made fundamental progress on the NEXUS Pipeline. I will discuss that in more detail here in a few minutes, very active around the Bluestone Pipeline in Pennsylvania, that was a significant area of investment last year and it will be this year as well. We relocated our eighth REF unit and we have the ninth one on underway and should be able to bring that online this year. On the financial front, our operating EPS came in at $4.60, our revised guidance late last year was $4.52, so we came in at the high end of our guidance range. We began last year with guidance of $4.30, so we cleared that by a pretty healthy margin. We did earn our allowed ROE at both our gas and electric utilities and our total shareholder return for the 1 year, 3 year and 5 year timeframes were all top quartile and we were able to increase the dividend 5.3% as well. So, I look back on that I feel we have a great year in 2014. And I also feel great about the way that we are positioned for 2015. So moving on to Slide 8, I am now going to turn to an update on energy policy both in Michigan and Washington and I will start that look on Slide 9. And I just want to begin by saying that Michigan continues to have what I consider to be a sound balanced political and regulatory context. I think the state is working hard to behave that way, to behave in a way that’s productive for growth and productive for business. In addition to their normal workload, several of our public service commissioners are giving a significant amount of time to helping the state conceptualize good future energy policy. So for example, Chairman Quackenbush, he is an important advisor to the Governor and the Governor’s team, as they think through policy options. And as for Governor Snyder, he made it clear that updating energy policy is an important legislative priority for him this year. He called out the need for new legislation in his State of the state address. And in doing that he highlighted the significant transformation in generation sources that our state will undertake over the next 10 years to 15 years. And as is his nature, Governor Snyder has carefully studied energy issues. He has given a lot of thought to future energy policy in our state. And so I feel fortunate to have him leading as we shape policy that’s really going to carry Michigan through an important period of evolution in the state’s energy sector. We also have good leadership in both of the House and the Senate policy. And so, I will move to Slide 10 to talk about some of the players. Senator Mike Nofs, pictured on the left there, is an extremely seasoned hand when it comes to energy policy. Mike chairs the Senate Energy and Technology Committee. He was one of the principal architects of Michigan’s 2008 Energy Legislation. He was in the House then, but Senator Nofs thoroughly understands the issues facing our state and the policies that we need to address them. Representative Aric Nesbitt is also a very knowledgeable and experienced leader on energy issues. Aric chairs the House Energy Policy Committee. He did that last term as well. So, he is well up the curve, and I am confident that he also thoroughly understands the future energy policy needs of our state. And finally, Governor Snyder recently appointed Valerie Brader to head the newly formed Agency on Energy. The governor formed a new agency to better coordinate the various parts of the state government involved in developing and executing energy policy. And Valerie is a trusted and very confident aid to the governor, and I think very good choice for this role. She has been very close to energy issues through the governor’s first term and that continues into his second term. So bottom line, as we head into a really important energy policy and set of energy legislation deliberations this year, we have a really good group of leaders working the issue. And I think that bodes very well for constructive legislation as an outcome. Now in terms of the nature of the legislation, fundamentally our state needs to do two things, and I think this will be the focus of legislation. First, we need to address the remaining retail access in the Michigan market. And I think that all of the principal players in the discussion understand that clearly. And second, we need to establish a well-defined process for defining and approving the many investments that our state will make over the next 15 years to update and transform our power plant fleet. So we are really going to need a process for thinking through the right portfolio mix, approving those investments, being flexible to change the investment slate and redefine it as we – as new knowledge comes on board and so forth. That process has not defined for the state simply because we haven’t been through a transformation of the scale in a long, long time, and so we need put that in place. And I also think the policymakers understand and have their eye on that. Now the power plant fleet transformation that I described is laid out on Slide 11. That transformation, of course, is driven by EPA’s 111(d) Regulation. That regulation will be finalized late summer this year. I am spending a lot of time in Washington, trying to ensure that principally the final regulation is workable in terms of its reliability impacts, and its impacts on customer rates. And both of these issues are really a question of pace not the ultimate endpoint. And I do sense that the EPA and administration are listening to input on this front. So I am hopeful that we can have the regulation brought to a point that works for companies like ours. For Michigan, as you can see on the right hand side of the slide, 111(d) will lead to a significant shift away from fall to a much heavier share of gas and renewables. And this mix shift will require an investment in our state on the order of $15 billion, a $7 billion to $8 billion of that will be by DTE Energy and thus the need for updated energy policy in the state. It’s a big transformation, akin to what happened back in the 1970s and 80s. So, moving on to Slide 12, I am now going to shift gears and provide an update on our long-term growth and investment prospects and I will start that discussion on Slide 13. Now, as I mentioned earlier, we had a strong finish to 2014. Our earnings finished at $4.60 a share, up about 12.5% over the prior year. Peter is going to give you more color on this in a minute, but I think it’s fair to say that every one of our business units turned in a strong performance this past year. Back in the fall of 2014, we provided an early outlook EPS guidance for this year of $4.55. We are now increasing that guidance to $4.60. Again, Peter will give you more depth on that new guidance in a minute, but one way to look at it is that our guidance implies that the weather and trading upside that we saw in 2014 will now be internalized into core long-term growth in 2015. We also continued our dividend growth in 2014. As you see at the bottom of the slide, we have consistently said that as we grow our earnings, we intend to grow our dividend in parallel. And that’s certainly still the plan. As you know, our stated goal for many years has been to grow our EPS and our dividend at 5% to 6% per year in a highly predictable and highly reliable fashion. Our actual earnings growth as you can see at the top right of the slide has been higher than that it’s been closer to 7%. And I think we are in a position to continue this strong earnings growth, which is where I want to turn my attention to now. So, as you can see on Slide 14, we are going to be pursuing a very full investment agenda over the next 5 years. Capital expenditures from 2015 to 2019 are projected to average $2.3 billion a year, which is by far the highest 5-year average in DTE Energy’s history. Our projected capital expenditures for this year $2.6 billion is also a record level. We have never been actually near the level. So, we are clearly in the heart of a heavy capital investment era at the company. And as you can see from the graphic, each of our four growth businesses is going to contribute to this investment in growth. The heaviest investment both this year and over the next five will be in our electric business. And contributing to net investment this year is our acquisition of the 700 megawatt gas-fired Renaissance power plant. We closed that acquisition in January. We also do have a second RFP out for another gas-fired plant. We do expect to act on that this year as well. As we make those investments in our utilities, we are intensely focused on keeping the rate impacts modest. I think we believe as a company that it will be those companies who manage the rate impacts of a heavy investment era well that will emerge as the winners for shareholders. So, we are very focused on managing the rate impacts. On Slide 15, clearly, these investments plus general inflation put upward pressure on rates, but we have a number of factors at work that are offsetting that upward pressure. So, in addition to the continuous improvement in cost management that I discussed earlier, there are over $600 million in surcharges that have rolled off in our electric business over the past 2 years. And as a result, we are able to lower average rates by 6% last January and by 6% again this January. In addition, we have been working with our legislature and Commission on revised business cost of service rates. And the result of both the rate reductions and that work is that many of our large energy intensive companies will see rate reductions of 15% to 20% between 2013 and 2015. We did file our first electric rate case in 4 years in December of last year. And I think we are just pleased that this rate increase request will be playing out within a broader context of falling rates as I just described. In our gas utility, our gas main renewal and meter replacement programs are covered by an infrastructure recovery mechanism. And as a result of that, we don’t expect to need to file a gas rate case until 2016 or 2017. So, turning now from our utilities to our non-utility businesses, one area of continued significant investment in growth is our gas storage and pipeline business and Slide 16 lays out the footprint of that business. Our current footprint extends essentially from Chicago to New York City. The Millennium pipeline, the Bluestone pipeline and the Bluestone gathering system, which are on the eastern end of this footprint, were areas of significant investment activity for us this past year driven by drilling in the Marcellus Shale and we do expect that to continue this year. Our gathering activity, for example, will be kind of full throttle. However, I want to focus my comments today on two assets on the Western end of the footprint, the proposed NEXUS pipeline and the Vector pipeline. Vector transports gas between Chicago and the Michigan and Ontario markets. Moving on to Slide 17, we made a lot of progress over the past year in developing the NEXUS pipeline. I just want to review a little bit of that with you. So, agreements were executed with LDCs and several producers in the Utica region that underpin the pipe and those agreements put us in a position to move forward and we are moving forward. We recently wrapped up a supplemental open season. That open season focused on interest shippers were expressing in additional receipt points. So, for example, receipt points upstream of Kensington Ohio on Texas Eastern. We were also responding to interest in potential laterals from NEXUS to additional load that the pipe might serve. We also over the past year completed interconnect agreements for NEXUS with key pipelines, including Vector, including the DTE system among them. And then finally and more recently, we submitted our pre-filing. We have engaged an EPC contractor that was announced yesterday. Fluor will play that role. And we are right in the middle of public outreach activities, those are well underway too. So, given all of that, we now have serious engineering work on the pipe underway and we expect to have the bulk of that engineering completed by the fall of this year and we expect our final FERC application this fall as well. Now, with respect to Vector, many of you are aware that we recently wrapped up an open season for that pipe as well. And I am pleased with the results. Both NEXUS and the Rover pipeline signed 15 plus year long-term agreements with Vector. And those agreements put the pipe on strong financial footing for the foreseeable future. A number of the existing shippers on Vector did not renew capacity commitments. So, we did not in the end need to expand the pipe to accommodate NEXUS and Rover. So, I think if you look forward, the growth and expansion of the Vector pipeline over time is now linked to the growth and expansions of NEXUS, Rover and generally to supply from the Utica shale region. And given that, that supply is expected to – by almost everybody who has looked at it expected to expand at a rapid pace, we would think that Vector will benefit from that. Moving on to Slide 18, you see laid out here are the earnings expectations for the gas storage and pipeline business. Earnings were $82 million this past year. We are targeting $145 million by 2019. Anything showed in color is earnings that we feel we have locked in with existing projects and assets. We do have $10 million there for additional development, but that’s not a very big bogie over a 5-year period. So, we hope we can do at least that if not better. You can see that the pipeline platform is slated to more than double over the next 5 years. The gathering platform doubles as well. We have a little bit of shrinkage in the storage platform. That’s what the forwards show, although I must say that I think as all the various changes in the gas markets play out, I am hopeful for storage, but we market to the forwards. I am going to turn now to our power and industrial business on Slide 19. We are active in three lines of business in this unit. One of those is industrial energy services, where we provide on-site services for large industrials and other large users of energy. In that business line, we have several cogeneration projects that are currently under development. We brought one online this past year. We have several more in development, one sizable one that’s late stage. So, we expect that to be a good area of growth for this business line in the years ahead. In the renewable arena, we operate wood-fired and landfill gas-fired power plants. Growth here will come from expanded output at existing assets. So, for example, we had a plant last year that was brought outline at a partial year. And since the full year performance will expand earnings, we also brought on several large landfill gas sites this year. So, it’s that sort of organic growth that’s growing this line of business. Finally, reduced emission fuels, where we reduce emissions from coal-fired plants. We brought on the eighth unit last year. The ninth unit is in late stage negotiations. We expect to have that plant operating by mid year 2015. And on Slide 20, you see the earnings expectations for the power and industrial business. So, P&I earned $90 million this past year. We expect it to grow to $145 million projected at $90 million to $100 million this year growing to $145 million. Again, anything you see in solid colors, are projects that we have in hand. So, we expect that, that growth will come. We do have a $20 million new development bogie that would be filled by things like cogeneration projects that I mentioned earlier. So, we feel good about achieving this as well. So, that wraps up my comments. And I am going to turn things over to Peter Oleksiak now for a financial update. Peter, over to you?
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks, Gerry and good morning to everyone. Everyone who dialed in on a regular basis to this call knows, I would like to give a quick shot out to our Detroit Tigers, I feel compelled to do that here. Actually one week, exactly one week wake aways, saw spring training starts, so no Bowl predictions, cautiously optimistic and we will provide an update for early season update in the first quarter call. So, with that sort of commercial break, I would like to start with our financial update and our year end results in Slide 22. As Gerry mentioned earlier, DTE Energy’s 2014 operating earnings were $4.60 per share. For detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, please refer to the appendix, Slide 32. The appendix also includes a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings. Slide 22 shows our year-over-year operating earnings by segment. I will focus on the middle column which is the 2014 results. Let me start first with the total earnings for our growth segments. 2014 operating earnings of $796 million were up $73 million or $0.37 per share. Our largest subsidiary, DTE Electric earned $528 million and was up $44 million over last year driven by our revenue decoupling amortization in the first half of the year and lower O&M expenses driven by reduced benefit cost and lean actions taken in the second half of the year. 2014 was a great year for electric utility given the weather-related challenges it faced. It was also the final year of a 4-year rate case payout strategy. DTE Gas 2014 earnings of $140 million were just below 2013 earnings as colder winter weather was more than offset by higher O&M expenses, including reinvestment. The appendix contains detailed year-over-year earning walks for our two utilities. Moving down the page, our gas storage and pipeline earnings of $82 million were $12 million higher than 2013. This increase was driven by higher short-term weather-related storage earnings and also continued growth in our pipeline and gathering earnings. Earnings for the year and the segment were partially offset by the ongoing impact of the accounting change related to one of our pipeline investments. Earnings for our power and industrial project segments of $90 million were up $20 million from 2013. This increase was driven primarily by higher reduced emissions fuel earnings. They were mainly one-time in nature. In total, operating earnings for our growth segments were $4.48 per share, up 9% from $4.11 per share in 2013. Overall, 2014 was a great year for growth segment. To round out our operating earnings, we include the results of our energy trading business. At energy trading, 2014 earnings were $20 million, up from a $3 million loss in 2013, driven by the accounting recognition of the strong economic performance. The economic contribution for 2014 was over double our targeted annual level of $20 million to $25 million and that incremental performance flow through the accounting results. Slide 38 of the appendix contains our standard energy trading reconciliation showing both economic and accounting performance. Now, let me move the discussion ahead of this year in Slide 23. As Gerry mentioned, we are raising our guidance midpoint for $4.55 per share to $4.60 per share. Slide 23 shows our updated operating earnings guidance for the 2015 by segment. We have a comparison here of our 2015 guidance the far right column compared to the 2015 early outlook, which is in the middle. I am going to focus on where we have a green arrow on the page. The increasing guidance is mainly driven by our non-utilities. We are slightly increasing our gas storage and pipeline guidance range based on higher expected earnings for the pipeline business. And we are increasing the guidance range for our power and industrial projects segments by $5 million for strong performance in the renewables businesses. So, earnings overall for our growth segments are expected to increase from $4.48 per share to $4.60. This represents a 5.5% growth when you factor weather normalization. You see near the bottom of the page, our comment of lower share issuance in 2015. Right now, we are targeting $200 million of equity issuance this year, which is a $100 million lower than it was assumed in our early outlook. The driver of this change is a combination of strong 2014 cash and the recent extension of bonus depreciation. So, the average shares outstanding for updated 2015 guidance is slightly lower than our early outlook. Both numbers round to 197 million shares. I just mentioned that the 2015 $4.50 EPS midpoint of guidance represents a 5.5% growth when 2014 weather is normalized and the next page Slide 24 lays out this comparison. The left side of the chart starts with 2014 actual growth segment results, then walks to the 2015 midpoint, including the change for weather. As you all know, 2014 was one of the coldest winters on record providing favorability at our gas utility. This weather impact was a positive $0.12 for 2014. You can see in the next two columns that the growth year-over-year consists of $0.20 per share at the utilities and $0.04 per share at our non-utilities. Earlier I mentioned, strong 2014 cash flows and we can see this on Slide 25. In 2014, our cash from operations was $1.8 billion, down from 2013 levels, but $200 million higher than our original 2014 guidance. The decrease year-over-year was primarily driven by lower surcharge collections and higher purchase power costs at DTE Electric. Capital spending was higher in 2014 due to increased investment in our DTE Electric. Overall, free cash flow was down from 2013, but $400 million higher than original guidance. Looking forward to this year, Slide 26 provides our cash flow guidance for 2015. We see lower cash from operations this year driven by the elimination of our securitization bond surcharge. The 15-year securitization bonds that facilitate the recovery of our then nuclear plant assets are now fully recovered. On average, our electric customers saw a 6% decrease in the rates in the month of January. We look to significantly increase capital expenditures in 2015 due to increased generation investment at the utilities and growth projects at our non-utility businesses. Earlier Gerry described our investment in DTE Electric, as we move to transition our generation from coal to natural gas renewables. In 2015, we are making investments in natural gas generation to shore up our summer capacity shortfall. The strong 2014 cash flow performance has set us up nicely for 2015. And on the next Slide 27, you can see that our balance sheet remains strong with leverage and FFO metrics at or above targets. We plan to continue our focus on balance sheet strength in 2015. We did achieve our target of zero equity issuance in 2014. And as I mentioned previously, we are targeting $200 million of equity issuance in 2015, down from the $300 million in our early outlook. We look to issue $800 million to $900 million of equity over the next 2-year period, 2015 to 2017 of the swing most likely with the pace and timing of investment in our non-utility businesses. Issuing debt over the last few years in this historically low interest rate environment has been great for the financial results and our utility customers. With the refinancing done in this low interest rate environment we have saved more than $100 million of annualized interest expense since 2010. I know everyone wants to get to the Q&A portion of the call, so to let me wrap up on Slide 29 and then we will take your questions. 2014 was a very good year and we are well-positioned to have a successful 2015. DTE has delivered on its growth targets over the years, actually exceeding our targets. We provided nearly 7% annual EPS growth over the last 5 years. Our 2015 EPS guidance provides a 5.5% growth over 2014 segments after adjusting for unusually cold weather in 2014. Part of our shareholder value equation is to continue to grow our earned dividend with earnings. Our EPS growth coupled with our dividend has historically delivered total shareholder return above utility indices. As we laid out for you at EEI and now in this call, we have meaningful investment opportunities within our two utilities our gas midstream businesses and power and industrial projects business. Collectively these businesses will continue to have a clear line of sight of growth opportunities in front of them. Our energy growth which is the bulk of our growth over the next 5 years, our utility growth I mean is occurring in a growing Michigan economy and constructive regulatory and legislative environment. We know we have to earn this constructive environment everyday. Our work on operational excellence, cost management and customer satisfaction will do good things for our customers and help to make sure we keep that constructive regulation. So with that I will wrap it up. And thank you for joining us this morning. And Dana will now be open for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question today from Michael Weinstein with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good morning, it’s Julien here actually.
Gerry Anderson: Hey Julien.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good morning. So I was particularly intrigued by your comments around full throttle if you will, can you expand on that little bit both with respect to kind of near-term opportunities, I mean how robust is that, what kind of upside versus what you have disclosed do you kind of see and then as you think about building out this business, I mean what are we talking about vis-à-vis your partnership and the ability to take that elsewhere was that also what you were getting at in that comment?
Gerry Anderson: Yes, that was a comment around our gathering activities and what I meant to imply was our work with Southwestern around Bluestone last year was I would just say extremely busy. They – as they disclosed on their calls really are focusing capital there because it’s a good place for them to earn returns. And as they focus their drilling there we need to – we are between them and the market. So we are extremely busy this past year. I will tell you that maybe the most important continuous improvement project we had in our company this year was driving down gathering costs for Southwestern and becoming best in industry, yet undertaking that, because your ability to earn additional opportunities with gatherers is driven by how well you do it and never being in their way in terms of getting to market and just being consistent. We did as you know I think expand our agreement with them. So that will be leading to other activity with them in that region in expanded geographies, so that’s going to keep us busy for the next couple of years. And we do in that business line have an explicit goal to take the skill set that we have developed in Michigan and are working there in Pennsylvania to places like the Utica Shale and more broadly in the Marcellus Shale. So that’s probably what I was getting at.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And then just talking a little bit turning a little bit to Vector here I mean what’s the timeline here for getting a little bit more of an update, I suppose in some sense I was looking for data points sooner, I suppose the question is you alluded to the opportunities with NEXUS and Rover when do we find out about those kind of at a higher level?
Gerry Anderson: I mean future growth opportunities or the way I would characterize it is that the agreements that were signed with NEXUS and Rover if you were to look at the earnings growth guidance that we have provided, those agreements fully supported the guidance that we have out there and what we need from Vector to fulfill those. I think the future growth of Vector really now comes as NEXUS and Rover mature and as volumes grow in the Utica, if you look at anybody’s projections of the Utica, they are going to see aggressive growth there and we fully expect that those volumes to go both north and south and to the mid-Atlantic, but a healthy portion will find their way north, because they are good markets. And I recently have had a good basis differential. So, we would expect as the overall volumes of the region grow, we will get our portion of those and that’s really what will drive Vector’s growth. In terms of timeframe, most of the projections you see of that growth on Vector happen pretty – that growth in the Utica happen at a pretty aggressive pace over the next 5 years. So, we don’t have anything firm now, but we would expect as that growth comes, the Vector should benefit.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Yes, absolutely. And then just in terms of P&I, the renewable segment, if you could comment briefly here, just when you are thinking about just ‘15 versus ‘14, what’s kind of the shift there? I know it’s a specific question here, but it seems like kind of a nice improvement there.
Peter Oleksiak: Hey, Julien, this is Peter. The increase in earnings year-over-year in renewables in that sub-segment is related to the ramp up that we have been describing these wood waste generating plants. We have a few of them, actually all of them in service right now, so few of them are ramping up, we are going to see sizable increase year-over-year on that. And also we have some new biomass projects that were coming online.
Gerry Anderson: We had a couple of large projects in California and one in North Carolina, large for landfill gas. Landfill gas projects in general are not huge, but these are in the 10 megawatt to 20 megawatt sort of range and that’s pretty big for those. So, those are adding as well.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Great. Well, thank you guys for the time.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Peter Oleksiak: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers: Hey, good morning guys. Gerry, I guess just first on kind of the Michigan legislation in that process you are looking for, can you maybe give what you think the timelines going to be between the Governor’s March speech and when we start to see formation of legislation and when it could be taken to vote and how important, I guess associated with that is, how important is going to be the EPA rules on carbon to help initiate and shape that legislation?
Gerry Anderson: Well, I think just to start with where you ended that have legislators and policymakers who haven’t been closely watching energy are being educated on the EPA regulation, it’s timeframe and how big a deal it is? It’s not like a big deal for our state, it’s every state, but beginning to understand what a big deal it is for Michigan, but in addition to that, Dan, my service come out with its capacity projections for the Midwest, the upper portion of MISO. And the place where there is a capacity shortfall is Michigan. And MISO is projected at 3 gigawatts in Michigan. So, in addition to the EPA actions, Michigan needs to act, because it has a capacity shortage in 2016. And not surprisingly, the amount of that capacity short is pretty much one-to-one with what the retail access load or choice load in the state is, because we and consumers are building for our customers and nobody is planning for or building for those retail access customers. So, that’s come into the lens as well that the state needs to act to address that capacity shortfall in 2016. And it needs to be clear about who is responsible for that. So, that’s a timing driver too and I think has got a lot of people realizing that we can’t wait on the EPA. Even EPA, if you think about it, we need to move now to have the processes in place, because this EPA regulation finalizes late summer. We have probably 2 years then to submit plans. And the fact that you are submitting plans means that you have been through some process, where you believe that you come to agreement with stakeholders to actually build what you have in your plant. Well, there is a lot that needs to happen over the next couple years to come to agreement on big capital expenditures to pull that off. Everything that we build takes 3 to 5 years and the EPA has an interim compliance date of 2020. That comes a couple of years after we will have put our plans together. So, anybody who thinks about this very long realizes that most companies are already – should already feel like they are up against it in terms of timing. And that’s true in Michigan as well. And I think the folks who have spent some time with energy are beginning to realize that there is no luxury of additional time we need to act. So, I think all of that is coming together to drive the timing of this Dan and that’s positive. What I expect is that the governor will give a address here in March. It was actually a roads ballot initiative to raise money to fix the roads here that will occupy a lot of folks in the political arena in the early part of the year that will play through. And then I think both the Governor and legislative leaders have said that that energy becomes a principal priority, numerous people have spoken about trying to knock it off by mid-year. So we would expect that there will be a pretty pointed discussion in the second quarter, about where to take energy policy.
Dan Eggers: Thank you for that. And I guess Gerry just kind of on that $7 billion to $8 billion of 111(d) related spending did you guys see it. With the rules coming this summer and relatively tight timelines when do you think that starts creeping into the CapEx program and starts eking its way onto the EPS growth rate slides?
Gerry Anderson: Well, we are seeing the first - kind of the first Echo’s of that whole thing right now is we are buying existing power plants that’s responding to capacity shortages in the near-term but its also beginning to position the fleet longer-term. In terms of new assets we could see some renewable build I think continuously between now and 2020 with larger projects beginning to show up in the late-teens and early-20s, those would be the combined cycle units. So our hope would be to spread this out over time as much as possible and not point load it, so that we can really manage customer rate increases in a ratable way. So I would expect that once we become a bit clearer on state policy we are going to begin to step our way into this.
Dan Eggers: So we should be looking maybe over the next year or so to seeing that CapEx number have to raise just as you guys flush out how quickly you have to respond?
Gerry Anderson: I think we can be clearer on the sorts of assets that we will be investing in the timeframe once we get a plan put in place and a clear framework for that. And I do expect that if I look forward over the 5-year planning period that we will start pushing investments in to respond to this. The renewables you can move pretty quickly. The combined cycles as you know to permit and engineer and so forth take longer. So we couldn’t get those out until probably the late teens and earliest into the early-20s. But we will – that’s the timeframe we are targeting.
Dan Eggers: Okay. Thank you guys.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks Dan.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Greg Gordon with Evercore Investment Banking.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. So I missed beginning of the call, I apologize, so if I am repeating something that you answered already forgive me. So can you quantify that this dovetails what you were just talking about and if you can quantify what the impact might be on your capital plan if you were therefore necessitated to pick up your pro rata share of the capacity shortfall?
Peter Oleksiak: The choice – Greg, this is Peter. The way to think about it our choice shortfall is about 900 megawatts. And we will take some short-term actions that comes back quickly, but long-term we will be feathering that into our long-term planning and base load generation.
Gerry Anderson: To put it in a different way, as I said in my comments we don’t have a policy that makes it clear who is responsible for that roughly 1,000 megawatts. If that responsibility comes to us then we can’t do anything in terms of long-term assets in a short timeframe. So we will have to scramble to put together short-term solution, but it would mean that we would be building 900 more megawatts of some combination of renewable peaking and combined cycle assets. We don’t know the exact mix of that, but it would be roughly a 1,00 megawatts of additional construction that we would undertake.
Greg Gordon: Now, that was precisely my question. Thank you. Take care.
Gerry Anderson: You bet.
Operator: And we will go next to Matt Tucker with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Matt Tucker: Good morning. Congrats on a great year.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning Matt.
Matt Tucker: First question on vector, could you comment on any expected earnings uplift or degradation as you transition to the new contracts from the old ones?
Peter Oleksiak: No, the way this worked out is really nice for Vector. The expiring contracts have now been completely filled with the new volumes coming from Nexus to Rover. And as Gerry mentioned earlier it’s really nice with our earnings guidance and planning for Vector. And it sets up Vector nicely for future expansion. Now that it’s refilled.
Matt Tucker: Thanks Peter.
Gerry Anderson: So to put it differently, no degradation and right on our plan.
Matt Tucker: Perfect. And then a couple on NEXUS, if you could just comment on the expected partnership structure, I noticed your contractor Fluor’s press release has mentioned you and Spectra as the lead sponsors? And also with respect to the potential expansion, I am just curious if you are in – if you’d say you are in active discussions even today on the possible expansion of NEXUS
Gerry Anderson: So, let me start with the last question. What I would characterize on the additional open season is that at DTE and I think Spectra is very similar. We like to have 80% plus of the pipe contracted with firm contracts before we head into the engineering and construction. And with the initial open season and the work we did this past year, we achieved that, so we are moving ahead. But on any of these pipelines, the process then of expanding take really happens continuously right through the day you start the pipe. And so as our pipe has become more real and people realize we are moving ahead with it, people then begin to say well, maybe we got to look at attachments. So, we – as I mentioned in my comments, we got interest in additional load upstream of the pipe, upstream from Kensington. We also have load points along the path of the pipe that realize they could build out modest laterals and use the pipe for things that work for them. So, those are the sorts of things that are coming in. And as we think about the pipe, we are really trying now to evaluate and finalize the ultimate capacity of the pipe. And the work we are doing with these additional expressions of interest is going to help us clarify just what final capacity we want for the pipe and so forth. So, I hope that helps. I don’t know that it’s so much an expansion as it is trying to land on the capacity we built for the pipe and build additional support to undergird it.
Matt Tucker: Thanks. And if you could just comment on the expected partnership structure?
Gerry Anderson: Yes, yes. I am sorry I forgot the first part. So, our number is still assumed that we are a third and Enbridge continues to work through. So, they have signed on to take capacity from the pipe, but I think they have this still in their capital allocation decision-making queue. And we consistently say we would love to have him on as a partner, but we and Spectra stand ready to take the project 50-50 if they decide they want to put their investments into other opportunities at the company. We don’t have clarity on that yet that’s really in their decision-making process.
Matt Tucker: Thanks. And just a final follow-up, given your long-term visibility on Vector has much improved and the visibility on the likelihood of NEXUS going forward is a lot better than at this time last year, does that impact your thinking at all about a potential MLP?
Gerry Anderson: I think our statements in that are probably similar that we have done a lot of work looking at MLPs and understand that the quality of an MLP is very proportionate through the scale of assets that you have available and the length of time that those assets could be deployed over. And you see radically different quality from companies who don’t have much of a queue that they can utilize versus companies who have a long one. And the implied yields are extremely different. So, what we have concluded is that we really wouldn’t want to move at a scale that implies a low-quality MLP. And if we choose to do this, it will be after we play out at least the plan that we kind of have in front of us right now.
Matt Tucker: Great. Thank you.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Andrew Weisel with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew Weisel: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Gerry Anderson: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: Just another question on Vector, it’s great that you refilled the capacity that were from expiring contracts, but I am a little curious to hear a bit more feedback from them as to why some of the existing guys didn’t renew and why we are not going to go forward with the expansion at least not now? Is that related to the pullback in gas over the past few months or any thoughts like that? And then on a related question, does that at all affect the potential for future Millennium expansions?
Peter Oleksiak: Andrew, this is Peter. The initial Vector pipeline you recall was really built to deliver gas from the west to the east. So, those additional foundational shippers that help underpin the economic stability in that pipe. It was really different basins in different purpose than today we are actually excited now to see that Vector has a role and purpose within the shale gas that’s in our region. And it really will be more of a producer driven pipe with our producers within our region. So I think it played out nicely for us and really we feel the pipe and it’s really a defined purpose now for Vector going forward.
Gerry Anderson: Just to add to Peter’s comments back when Vector was build Canadian volumes floating to Chicago market and it was a pipe in many ways to take that gas into storage in Michigan and at Dawn. And you know what the dynamics of Canadian gas have been, they have changed pretty sharply. And so a number of the shippers and there were a couple of marketers in there as well who had capacity. That play just really wasn’t there with the same strength it had in past, so that was behind their not renewing and as Peter said the pipe really flipped through the pipe it’s now more focused on Utica. I do think it will be bidirectional so that Utica gas is going to be able to press its way into Illinois and Wisconsin markets and those are great markets as well as Michigan and Ontario.
Andrew Weisel: Great. And Millennium thoughts, they did potential expansion there and when we might see some updates timing wise?
Gerry Anderson: I think you asked whether there was any connection between the two, there really isn’t Millennium interestingly was initially build as a pipe to take Michigan and Dawn storage to New York and the Northeast and it’s been overwhelmed by Marcellus Shale dynamic. So it’s now a bidirectional pipe that’s all about Marcellus Shale. If we continue to expand that pipe as fast as we can because the volumes there are growing so heavily, the region is constrained for export capacity, you know that the Northeast is looking for more path so the discussions are very active about all of that.
Peter Oleksiak: There are some early conversations we are having with LDCs in the East Coast. So, if there is an expansion opportunity, it will be more in the ’17, ’18 timeframe.
Andrew Weisel: Great.
Gerry Anderson: Thanks for the question.
Andrew Weisel: One more if I can, a follow-up. The electric utility CapEx came down by about $130 million compared to the EII deck is that just related to the actual purchase price from Renaissance or are there any other changes to ’15 of the longer-term outlook?
Peter Oleksiak: That was as we are refining our capital planning and this is what we always call – characterize it as an early outlook. There is the normal timing of it with some environmental related timing, generation related timing. It really was not related to the RFPs.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. 
Gerry Anderson: Good morning Jonathan.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning Jonathan.
Operator: And Jonathan please check your mute button, we are unable to hear you.
Jonathan Arnold: Sorry, is that better?
Operator: Yes, we can hear you, please go ahead sir.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Good morning guys. I had noticed Gerry in the opening remarks you talked about your long-term growth goal of 5% to 6% and you have commented on the actual having being closer to 7% and then you said you were feeling confident about being able to continue with strong growth, are you – were you suggesting that you feel confident continuing to deliver about the range given the above largest CapEx plan you had in while etcetera, I was just want to make sure I didn’t take that out of context?
Gerry Anderson: Well, I am happy to answer it. So you are right that whether you pick the start year 2008, 2009 the growth has been closer to 7%. And I think we have also been open with shareholders that internally we target higher than the 5% to 6% so that we are able to hit that with consistency. I have always said that if you target equals your plan that doesn’t give you any ability to offset unexpected events. So we do target higher and our goal every year is to come in higher. And in recent years we have been able to do that. So I hope we can in the future, that’s our goal, but we put the 5% to 6% out there because it’s something we are absolutely committed to achieving with a higher degree of predictability. Does that answer it?
Jonathan Arnold: Yes, thank you.
Operator: And we will take our final question today from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Good morning, how are you?
Gerry Anderson: Very good.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning Paul.
Paul Patterson: I have – most of my questions have been answered, so just quickly on Rule 111(d) and just projected sales growth in general. As you know, the EPA sort of making a big deal about energy efficiency as being a big driver, and I was just wondering, a – what do you see sort of the normalized sales growth over the next few years? And also are there any opportunities for you guys to actually make money maybe deploying energy efficiency strategies or something for your customers and just sort of innovatively if you guys have gotten any sort of – I don’t know, I know that’s sort of – it’s not necessarily traditional, but I just thought maybe you guys might be thinking about that?
Gerry Anderson: So, a couple of comments, it’s clear from the way the EPA has handled energy efficiency. And if you are in the inner workings of the rule, it’s really a carbon intensity target and they have put energy efficiency in the denominator. So, it actually behaves like megawatts. And what they are trying to do by doing that is encourage deployment. I think our state and our administration want to see good high-quality energy efficiency investments deployed in Michigan. So, I am certain that it will be a core part of our response plan and it’s one of the ways frankly you can keep the rate impacts of this and the affordability impacts with customers more manageable. So, we are working hard to think about the right energy efficiency investments. In terms of the impacts on growth, you have seen it around the country that it’s muted, slowed and in some cases put a slight negative tilt on growth. In a lot of places that have been at this time a long time, it does flatten growth, which is a good thing, but it generally doesn’t put it into some, I am talking electric now, it doesn’t put it into a kind of a secular decline like you saw in the gas industry, where there were significant volume reductions over time. I don’t expect that in the electric industry, because we keep adding electric end-use load and so the two are really offsetting each other. And so while we expect modest growth to flat growth in our electric demand, we don’t expect decline. And so we think that we are going to be – the capacity we are expecting to build out is on the order of what we are dealing with now plus a bit. That could be impacted by things like automotive load shifting. If you get close to some of folks, the cafe standards, there is a lot of thought that as you get into the later years of the cafe standards, it’s going to be hard to comply without shift of petroleum into electric. And if that happens, it really affects demand for electricity. So, all those sorts of things will affect it in the end. And I hope that answered your question?
Paul Patterson: It does. Just what – regards to flat growth, I mean, your service territory, what do you guys – could you quantify that a little bit in terms of what that sort of means in terms of just from your internal modeling kind of perspective?
Peter Oleksiak: We plan on about 0.5% growth in ‘15. We are forecasting now is 0.5% growth to 2014. So within that, I would say the underlying growth before energy efficiency is probably about a 1% higher, but we are counting on above 1% of efficiency in that.
Paul Patterson: Okay, thanks a lot.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: And gentlemen, I will turn the call back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Gerry Anderson: Well, look I will wrap up quickly just by saying that we feel great about 2014. I repeat what I said at the outset. I feel great about the way we are positioned for 2015 as well. So, as I said to our employees the other day, we have had about a half dozen years of really strong both performance and financial results here at the company and I feel good about making 2015 the seventh in the string. So, with that, we will close up look forward to talking with all of you and seeing you in the near future. Thanks for being on the call.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Peter Oleksiak - SVP and CFO Jeff Jewell - VP and Controller Mark Rolling - VP and Treasurer Anastasia Minor - Executive Director, IR
Analysts: Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Andy Weisel - Macquarie Capital Securities Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Financial Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Research Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the DTE Energy hosted Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Anastasia Minor. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Anastasia Minor: Thank you, Kyle. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our third quarter 2014 earnings call. Before we get started, I’d like to remind you to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. So please reference and refer to the reconciliation of GAAP net income to operating earnings provided in the appendix of today's presentation. With us this morning is Peter Oleksiak, our Senior Vice President and CFO; Jeff Jewell, our Vice President and Controller; and Mark Rolling, our Vice President and Treasurer. We also have members of our management team with us to call on during the Q&A session. For this earnings call, we will be focusing on the quarter and impacts to 2014 during the presentation and the Q&A. Gerry Anderson will be presenting at the EEI Conference in a couple of weeks where he’s be providing a more detailed business update including our future growth plans. With that, I will turn it over to Peter for the update.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks, Anastasia. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Well, here in Detroit we have officially lowered the Tigers flags and raised the Red Wings flags. There’s a debate going on at DTE whether I changed the Tigers on the last earnings call by indicating I’ll be giving a World Series update on the call. I claim I didn’t since they won the Division. Others say I did since they were swept in the first round of the Playoffs. Either way, I vowed not to make any more predictions on this call. In a few minutes, I’d like to turn the call over to Jeff and Mark who will take you through earnings and cash flow for the quarter and year-to-date. Before that, I’ll be providing a brief business update. Moving to Slide 5. This is an overview of our business strategy and investment thesis. Our growth plans for the next 10 years at both utilities are robust. Our electric utility’s growth is driven by environmental spend in the near term and renewal of our generation fleet is in the longer term, which is a natural replacement of our aging coal fleet. There is more certainty now on the coal retirements given the recent EPA actions. Our gas utility growth is driven by infrastructure investments and main replacement. Complementing our utility growth are meaningful, low risk growth opportunities in our non-utility businesses, which provide diversity in earnings and geography. As Anastasia mentioned, I’ll be providing detail on our overall growth plans at EEI. Two utilities are deploying capital and they’re very constructive regulatory environment and we work hard to earn this every day. Our effort begins with highly engaged workforce and ongoing focus on continuous improvement. This enables us to continue our cost savings track record and our utility’s ability to consistently earn their authorized returns. We also continue to focus on operational excellence and customer satisfaction that we believe are distinctive in our industry. Just last month, we were ranked number one in the latest J.D. Power Gas Residential Customer study against like peers. Our dividend payout continues to grow on line with earnings and we targeted strong BBB credit rating. Our strategy provides for consistent 5% to 6% annual EPS growth and attractive and increasing dividends and a strong balance sheet. On the next page, you see a short list of key activities and projects that are in motion. First, starting with DTE Electric. We are recently filed a proposal for new costs of service rates related to the new PA169 state legislation, which was passed earlier this year. If you recall, this legislation came out of a cross-functional work group chartered by the governor to look at large industrial customer rate design. Our proposal is to implement these new rates in the second quarter of next year. Sticking with Electric Utility, as previously disclosed, we issued an RFP for natural gas generation capacity early this summer. The process is proceeding very well. The RFP timeline is close to coming to a conclusion and it’s designed for closing in 2015 and capacity available for the 2015-'16 planning year. As far as finalizing our decision, we expect to make a determination in the next few weeks. This RFP is in the early step and our goal of securing capacity for our full service customers in a tightening region of the MISO markets. Next, I have a few updates that I want to provide regarding projects in our gas storage and pipeline segments. In the quarter, the Vector Pipeline issued an open season to assess shippers’ interest and capacity expansion of the pipeline. This binding open season ends November 4, and we can provide more of an update on the results after its conclusion. We have mentioned that many of our prior updates at our Vector Pipeline is well situated to provide a path to Ontario, Michigan and Chicago markets for the emerging shale gas in the regions that needs to head north and the west. The project we are most excited about is our NEXUS pipeline and since our last earnings call, the binding open season concluded and the pipe is now sized at 1.5 BCF a day expandable to 2. We’re finalizing producer agreements and doing early preparatory activities. We’re on track for the FERC pre-filing in the end of the year timeframe. We expect to give you another update on all these projects at our upcoming EEI in November. Slide 7 talks about the Michigan economy. We get a lot of questions when we’re on the road about the growing Michigan economy, so here on Slide 7 you can see some real indicators on this continued economic expansion, which is based on strong fundamentals. On the left-hand side of the page, you can see that Site Selection magazine now ranks Michigan as the sixth most competitive state for business location, up from 16th in 2011. On the right-hand side of the page, some more indicators of a strengthening economy as Michigan currently leads the nation in manufacturing job growth. Similarly, the American Economic Development Institute named Michigan the most improved pro-business state. So we continue to see positive momentum on the economic front. If we turn to Slide 8, this is our earnings and dividend growth slide we shared with you in the past. We remain confident that our growth plans will deliver 5% to 6% EPS growth target. In fact, we’re tightening our EPS 2014 operating EPS guidance to a range of $4.28 to $4.42, which raises guidance midpoint $0.05 to $4.35 per share. The increase in guidance midpoint is primarily driven by increased weather revenue at our gas utility and increased earnings at our Power & Industrial Projects segment. Jeff will take you through shortly the details of the guidance change. As you can see on the chart on this page, with the growth contemplating in our utilities and non-utilities over the next five years, we’re approaching $1 billion of income. I’ll now hand the call over to Jeff who will walk you through the details and the earnings for the quarter and impacts to the full year.
Jeff Jewell: Thanks, Peter, and good morning, everyone. I will start on Slide 10 and discuss our quarter-over-quarter earnings performance by segment. For the quarter, DTE Energy’s operating earnings are $1.02 per share. For a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, please refer to the appendix, Slide 21. I would also like to point out that there is a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. Now for our growth segments, operating earnings were down 26 million or $0.16 per share for the quarter. DTE Electric was down 44 million quarter-over-quarter, driven by cooler weather and higher storm activity in 2014. This was partially offset by lean initiatives. These initiatives have been implemented to achieve one-time cost savings. DTE Gas’ performance was in line with normal third quarter activity and financial results for the addition of targeted reinvestment activity. The results quarter-over-quarter were 3 million lower. Gas storage and pipeline earnings were 4 million higher for the quarter over last year. This increase was driven by higher pipeline and gathering earnings which were partially offset by the ongoing impact of the accounting change related to one of our pipeline investments. Our Power & Industrial Projects segment was up 11 million from 2013. This increase was driven by renewable power generating units, beginning commercial operations in 2014 and also increased reduced emissions fuel earnings. Our corporate and other segment came in $6 million favorable over last year, primarily due to tax-related timing differences. In total, results for the growth segment were 26 million lower quarter-over-quarter. At energy trading, operating results for the quarter were 3 million, which is 9 million higher than last year due to improved performance in the power portfolio. Year-to-date, energy trading has reduced 1 million of operating earnings. Slide 23 and 24 of the appendix contain our standard energy trading reconciliation pages, which show both economic and accounting performance. I’d like to now turn to Slide 11 and walk through some quarterly details for DTE Electric. The Electric segment was lower quarter-over-quarter by 44 million. The major contributors to this unfavorability were weather of 33 million and 20 million related to storm expenses. Regarding the weather, the third quarter and 2014 saw roughly 30% fewer cooling degree days than normal. In contrast, 2013 experienced normal weather. In regards to the storm expenses, both 2013 and 2014 saw elevated storm activity versus normal but the number in severity of storms in 2014 was even greater including a September storm, which was one of the largest in our history affecting more than 400,000 customers. Offsetting the impacts of the weather and storm are lean initiatives that began in the third quarter of 2014 compared to reinvest initiatives that were taking place in the same period last year. Moving on to Slide 12, I’ll discuss our 2014 revised guidance and key drivers. As Peter stated earlier, DTE Energy is increasing EPS guidance from a midpoint of $4.30 to $4.35 per share. The strong results at DTE Gas and our Power & Industrial business have more than offset the weather impacts at DTE Electric. Along with increasing the midpoint of guidance by $0.05, we are also narrowing the range as we head into the final quarter of the year. This revised guidance includes contingency and they provide us flexibility to implement reinvestment strategies depending on business results and conditions for the balance of the year. We are revising DTE Electric’s earnings guidance downward but by only 15 million, despite facing enormous unfavorable pressure from both summer weather and increased storm activities. We’ve talked to you before about our flexible planning approach of creating three financial plans each year; a base plan, a lean plan and an invest plan and we are prepared to implement each as needed. Implementing our lean plan has allowed the company to mitigate a large portion of the earnings pressure and minimize our downward earnings revision for the Electric segment. On a weather normalized basis, electric sales are down approximately 1% through the first nine months of the year, due primarily to customers taking steps to conserve energy after the unusually cold winter. Long-term, however, we continue to expect load growth to be up 0.5% per year, which is in line with our Midwest peers. For DTE Gas, we are revising guidance upward. This is mainly due to the significantly colder than normal winter that we experienced but we are also holding some of that favorability back for firm life contingency or reinvestment opportunities. We are narrowing gas storage and pipelines guidance. The primary drivers of this change are strong performance in the pipeline and gathering businesses and one-time weather-driven favorability in the storage business. This favorability is offset by the ongoing impact of the accounting change at one of our pipeline investments. As we mentioned on previous earnings calls, we began deferring revenue collected in FERC approved rates in excess of depreciation expense. This deferral is entirely timing related and will reverse and therefore has no impact on the long-term growth prospects for this segment. So far this year we have deferred approximately 10 million of revenue after tax and we will defer a like amount in 2015 and a much smaller amount in 2016 before the deferral begins to reverse. For the Power & Industrial Projects, we are revising guidance upwards. The primary driver of the guidance increase is better performance at our reduced emission fuels business. That concludes my update on our earnings. I’d like to now turn the discussion over to Mark who will cover cash flow and balance sheet metrics.
Mark Rolling: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning to everyone on the call. I’ll open by saying that our cash flow and balance sheet remains strong and continue to support our long-term growth plans. So beginning on Slide 14 with a look at our cash flows through the first three quarters of the year, September year-to-date cash from operations is $1.2 billion. This is down a little compared to 2013 but it’s in line with our plan for the full year. Compared to the same period last year, DTE Electric had lower surcharge collections and higher fuel and purchase power costs. This is driven mostly by the colder weather we had early in the year. And similarly, DTE Gas has high weather-related gas purchases. Capital spending is up this year due to increased investments at the electric utility partially offset by lower capital spending at our non-utility businesses, which is really just a timing of our gathering related spend at GSP. We’ve included a more detailed breakdown of year-over-year CapEx on Page 22 in the appendix. So overall, net cash is down year-over-year which is consistent with our plan. Moving now to Slide 15, which shows our revised cash and capital guidance for 2014. On the left side of the page, cash from operations is still expected to come in at $1.6 billion while capital spending will be about $100 million lower than the original guidance, resulting in a $100 million improvement to free cash flow and net cash. We’re taking advantage of the low interest rate environment by refinancing more long-term debt than we had originally planned. On the right side of the page, you can see the breakout of capital spending by business units. Our projection for total CapEx is almost $2.2 billion. That’s down a little from our original guidance, but it’s up nearly 15% from last year. We still expect to spend 1.6 billion in Electric with a small change to the mix. And our non-utility investments will be about $160 million lower than planned. Now as you know, the capital spending in the non-utility businesses is driven by the timing of projects and it can be lumpy from year-to-year and that’s the case here today. Let me wrap up on Slide 16 with a look at our balance sheet metrics. We expect to end the year within the targeted range for both leverage and FFO to debt, and we’re nearly complete with our 2014 funding requirements with no plan to issue equity this year. We have a healthy $1.2 billion of liquidity at the end of September and lastly, we refinanced over $1 billion of long-term debt at very attractive rates, which will give us almost $25 million in annualized interest savings. Now, I’ll hand the discussion back over to Peter to wrap up.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks, Mark. I’d like to move us to Slide 18 for a wrap up of the quarter. The quarter was impacted by a pretty unusual combination of cool summer, weather and increased storms, which were partially offset by strong performance in our non-utility businesses. We are confident in the remainder of the year as we are raising and narrowing our 2014 EPS guidance. Our balance sheet and cash flow metrics remain strong and we are reiterating our commitment to the 5% to 6% earnings growth and providing attractive dividends. As I mentioned, we’ll be at EEI in a couple of weeks. We hope to see many of you there. Gerry Anderson will be providing a detailed business update for each of our business segments. The presentation that Gerry will provide will begin at 11.15 Central Standard Time on Thursday, November 13. For those of you not going to EEI, you’ll be able to join that webcast through our Investor Relations website. I’d like to thank you for listening to our call this morning. Now, we’ll be happy to take questions that you may have. As Anastasia mentioned, really a preference to focus on the quarter and the full year of 2014 saving the longer-term strategic dialogue for the November EEI meetings. So with that, Kyle, we’ll be open for the Q&A
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We’ll take our first question from Matt Tucker from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi. Good morning. Nice work in a tough quarter.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning, Matt.
Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets: First question on NEXUS, could you talk about the partnership structure there and what remains to be done before pre-filing? And if you could give us any more color on kind of timings of that between now and year-end?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. As you know, we’re very excited about the project. Since our last earnings call we completed a really key milestone, the binding open season. The pipe right now is sized at the 1.5 BCF per day, originally going into the open season thinking we may be a 1B pipe. And we do have an enough commitments for the producers and end-used customers to move forward that project. The work that’s been done right now we have some right-away activity of the project. That’s in full motion. We also have environmental land studies going on. Our target is to make a FERC filing at the end of the year timeframe. On the ownership issue, we are still in discussions with Enbridge. That’s really the kind of remaining area or swing factor in terms of our ownership levels. I would anticipate that these conversations will probably go forward maybe into the end of the year timeframe. Either way we liked Enbridge to be in the pipe. It does make sense from a long-term strategic standpoint to have Enbridge in. If not, we’ll have a larger ownership of a really great project. But I’ll say really more than the year timeframe to finalize ownership levels.
Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thanks. Is there any more color you can give us on kind of the nature of those discussions with Enbridge? I guess from the outside, it’s a little bit difficult to understand I guess why they wouldn’t potentially want to join the partnership as well as why you wouldn’t prefer just to take a larger stake in the project?
Peter Oleksiak: For them – they are mainly an oil-based company with oil pipelines and really is around the capital allocation and resource allocation decision for them. I’m anticipating at the end they will be in this project. It’s a great project. They obviously feel so as well with even the end use coming from them as well in terms of some of the LDC support. If it really is around the capital allocation decision, I think at the end of day they’ll be part of the project. We like them part of it just from a strategic perspective to have their ownership interest in there as well as LDC support definitely helps the longer term on the overall viability and success of the pipe.
Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great, thanks. And then just on the Vector proposed expansion, any more details you can give us there on the potential CapEx or how much uplift that could create relative to the current earnings stream from Vector?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, I think it’s a great question and let me take a step back on Vector. We’ve indicated in recent years that we felt Vector was really well situated with the emerging shale gas in the region, especially the Utica shale. We had on the list and somewhere disclosures around potential pipeline projects we had to Vector expansion and we have that labeled as a TBD. This open season was prompt just by the number of proposed projects in the area. And so Vector really is now putting out an open season to see what’s the level of interest, what potentially could be the size of the expansion if there is going to be one. This would be a fourth quarter 2017 in service if there was an expansion. So through this open season, Vector is going to understand the total demand from the new projects as well as understand demand from existing shippers beyond the 2017 timeframe. So it is a bit early right now to really indicate what the potential expansion could be if there is going to be one. But I can say that this is definitely a very positive sign and the first step in the process around Vector.
Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets: All right, great. Thanks a lot, Peter.
Operator: We will take our next question from Andy Weisel with Macquarie Capital.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning, Andrew.
Andy Weisel - Macquarie Capital Securities: Good morning, guys. My first question is just a question on customer rates. You filed the new cost of service but can you walk us through maybe a little more detail on the numbers of what the changes by customer class look like for that, for the surcharge reductions and then with the upcoming general rate case, how that all sort of nets out over the next 12 months?
Peter Oleksiak: With the customer rates, that’s just the PA169, we did make the filing there. We have indicated and it really was driven – as you know, there was a work group put together looking at large industrial (indiscernible) energy intensive customers. But those customers will experience an average rate deduction around 8%. The higher use will be probably more – maybe north of 10%. There will be reductions as well for some of the larger commercial customers. It is a rate neutral, so there will be some balancing across the remaining customer classes. We do have headroom, as you’ve indicated. This year we had surcharge reductions coming off. A big one Steven called out was a renewable program, the surcharge related to that. That was close to $100 million. All-in, the surcharge reductions this year was about a 6% headroom. Next year, we have our Nuclear Power payment related to Fermi that’s going to be around 6% as well. So we have enough debt. We do have a filing coming up around our rate case for Electric. It’s been a four-year stay out. It really is a capital driven, rate base driven case. It’s too early to really call what the size of that case will be, but we’ll have headroom between the surcharge reductions as well as our Nuclear Power payment to more than cover in that case.
Andy Weisel - Macquarie Capital Securities: You said more than cover, okay, terrific. Next, just two quick ones on financing. Equity needs, you mentioned nothing this year but there was – you didn’t mention in the slides what will happen for next year and the year after. Should we still think about that as 200 million to 300 million per year or how much will that depend on the pipeline CapEx needs?
Mark Rolling: This is Mark. We’ve previously said we’d be doing 200 million to 300 million per year in '15 and '16. When we go to EEI, we’re going to provide a refreshed outlook that will take you out through '17. And the equity plans we do won’t be dramatically different than what we’ve talked about and we’ll contemplate all the capital growth, that is our plans.
Andy Weisel - Macquarie Capital Securities: Okay, great. And then lastly, the refinancing of debt continues to come in up to 1 billion long-term debt refinance. Is there much opportunity for more or should we think that is sort of it in this rate environment?
Mark Rolling: Well, we’ve refinanced everything that came due and there was some callable debt that we pull forward to take advantage of the rates. We may have a little more yet this year, but you’ve probably seen the lion’s share of us refinancing long-term debt here over the last two years in fact.
Andy Weisel - Macquarie Capital Securities: Very good. Thanks a lot, guys.
Peter Oleksiak: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Dan Eggers from Credit Suisse.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Hi. Good morning, guys. I’m not going to try and go too far into the future but I’m going to do it anyway. Yesterday, your other Michigan peer was talking about kind of some of the opportunities that could come if customer choice goes away as far as load coming back on their system as well as kind of starting to address the short MISO Zone 7 capacity situation. Can you just talk about how you guys are accessing that opportunity and when we could prospectively hear kind of thoughts on places where you might start filling in generation capacity?
Peter Oleksiak: Dan, that’s a really good question. Even the time we first started talking about the MISO (indiscernible) for 2016-'17 is now estimated at 3 gigawatt hours and that’s been a pretty recent disclosure from them, and it was up from 2 gigawatt hours which was the previous level. We mentioned on the call here, we have this current RFP for electric capacity. This really is intended to secure capacity for our full service customers in this tightening region of MISO. We have a natural summer short, but there’s capacity with tightness always as we’re looking at the end of the tightening market, we felt it really is prudent to cover that short really to secure capacity as well as more price certainly for our customers. We are developing plans to address our full service customers’ overall capacity needs in the 2016-'17 timeframe. This emerging capacity shortfall in part is really a reflection of the flawed retail access program here in Michigan and I’d say it’s probably really distributed to the lack of capacity planning from the choice providers. They were really taking advantage of the long market to-date. So I know a lot of your question is around the choice returns, what is the implications for us. Choice does return and we do believe that choice will be addressed up here coming in legislation and that there is a possibility of choice returning to us. We will have plans to serve them. That could mean additional capital, most likely not immediate but longer term for us.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: I guess when you guys are laid up in the pipeline side, the box of future earnings contribution, is this Vector project going through open season, is that part of that box or does that stack on top of a (indiscernible)?
Peter Oleksiak: We have indicated if you go back to even some of our disclosures, we did have there a Vector expansion as a TBD. So as we were contemplating NEXUS and sizing up NEXUS, there was a Vector expansion contemplated as well.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay, so the classic white box in the last presentation had NEXUS --
Peter Oleksiak: I’d say a portion of that, but it will be interesting the number of projects in the area as well as understanding existing shippers what their interest is beyond the 2017 timeframe. So there is a place all the way now, but that could vary depending what happens on this open season.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: I’ll be simple about this, but that $20 million of that box has some combination of different projects that you probability weigh in there. So if you had NEXUS and Vector both get done, would that be bigger than the 20 box effect. Is that’s the right way to think about it?
Peter Oleksiak: Well, I guess I can – not until mid November the EEI, but some of that will be – we will be going over in more detail and Gerry will obviously in a few weeks around how we’re thinking around our gas storage pipeline segment overall, what we think about future earnings, how do we feel about that white space. NEXUS, that was sized as a 1B pipe with one-third ownership. That’s coming in at 1.5B pipe with ownership as a TBD right now. So there is possibility for larger capital and earnings from NEXUS depending on where we end up with the ownership levels there. And there was a contemplation of the Vector expansion, so we’ll see coming out of this open season could it be larger potentially, could it be smaller, that may be a possibility as well, but more likely there will be an expansion. We won’t have completely nailed down for the EEI because that ends on November 4. That will take some time for us to really access what we think that is going to be.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Peter, should we expect that – that chart goes to 2019, the EEI?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, we will update you through 2019.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS Financial.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Financial: Hi. Good morning.
Peter Oleksiak: Hi, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Financial: So I’ll stick with this year for the time being and firstly, just with regards to the non-utility CapEx, could you talk a little bit about the shift that you’re showing there for '14? And then separately at the same time, could you talk a little bit about what the lean initiative means in terms of EPS shift versus call it your base case? And specifically, I know it’s a little out of bounds, but how does that impact next year as you think about having to reinvest?
Peter Oleksiak: Okay, I’ll handle the non-utility question and then I’ll turn it over to Jeff Jewell to talk about the lean implications of that. In the non-utility, it is timing. It’s a combination. There is some gathering investment. We’re doing the gathering right now for Southwest Energy. That really is timing in between here, so that’s what that is. A portion of it is also our Power & Industrial segment. We’ve indicated there is opportunistic investments there that won’t be in nature. There is no implications on our longer-term growth plans. It is timing for that. And then, Jeff, you want to handle the lean.
Jeff Jewell: Sure. Hi, Julien, this is Jeff. So I think your question around the lean and what does that mean for this year related to EPS, did that sort of have a size there?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Financial: Yes, versus call it your base case. And also to what extent that impacts next year, as you think about having to reinvest after having spent a lean year here?
Jeff Jewell: So let me answer the second one first. So the way we start each year as we’ve talked about, we have the three plan. And each one of those plans is sort of one-time based off of that year. So when we talk about lean or reinvest, we’re doing those as sort of one-time events. And so when you think about next year, we’re not anticipating there being an impact by doing lean or reinvest this year and then having an impact on the next year. Again, that’s how we sort of manage our business. So then you talk about the sizing for this year; as you saw on the slide, we spent at the Electric company about 7 million of lean and we’re looking at about 10 million to 15 million after tax is what we’re looking at for the fourth quarter. So that’s roughly a little less than $0.10 a share for the balance of the year is what we’re looking at there.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Financial: Excellent. Thank you. And then just a clarification from Dan’s last question there on the situation with MISO. As you think about the RFP that’s pending, just curious, is there any acquisition opportunity here that stands as well as I suppose self-build? Could you clarify what’s on the table and also to what extent would the state prefer to see new builds rather than an acquisition from you all?
Peter Oleksiak: The RFP is an acquisition and we believe there are a few merchant plants that are in the state of Michigan. We believe we can secure them at a price that’s good for our customers and most likely will be less than the new build on that. For the near term, our solution for our full service customers is an acquisition. The longer term is if we do have a shortfall here in the MISO, especially with Zone 7, what is the pace and timing of new capital to cover that. We will be obviously spending capital. We’ve indicated that with the coal-plant retirements, but that’s more of a TBD at this point in time. And while that is also for us personally, DTE is what happens with choice.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Financial: Got you. So what’s the timeline then in terms of thinking about next steps on resource adequacy if you could kind of rehash that?
Peter Oleksiak: The RFP that we have in motion right now will close in 2015 for the 2015-'16 timeframe. For the 2016 timeframe, we’re in plans right now developing plans for our full customers. Our actual filing around that is early in '16, but obviously we’re getting ahead of that and understanding the implications for our bundle of full service customers. We’re also monitoring the overall market and then trying to think through what happens if choice does return. So we are really kind of in the early stages of thinking about that as a company.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Financial: Great. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We’ll take our next question from Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Research: Good morning, guys. I’m just curious on Power & Industrial, the performance in the quarter. You attributed it and I think the guidance raise primarily to reduced emission fuels performing the plan. So is that something that happened this quarter that likely won’t recur or is this just that business moving to a higher base?
Peter Oleksiak: We are seeing strong performance and income from our reduced emissions fuel projects. A good portion of this is tied to additional volume that’s non-repeating related to some plant capacity factors and availability factors. So I’d say really and most of it will be non-repeating. We are just seeing growth from a segment overall for next year and we will be providing a fuller update on this segment at next month’s EEI conference.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Research: What we got this quarter and what we’re getting this year is some of this year’s cap effect?
Peter Oleksiak: It will be this year and we’ll provide an update on '15 at the EEI Conference.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Research: Great. My other stuff was answered. Thank you, guys.
Peter Oleksiak: All right. Thanks, Jonathan.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: That was pretty much my question too, but just to sort of follow up on it, if we were to think of a normalized number just to clarify, it would basically be what your prior guidance was?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. That would be a fair assumption.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then just on the trading, the net fair value, it seems to have been pretty good not only in the quarter but year-to-date. And I’m just wondering, has there been any change there or anything you want to discuss in terms of how you see the trading basis performing going forward?
Peter Oleksiak: No, the trading is and as you’ve indicated are having a really good year. We have indicated – we target or at least anticipate 20 million to 25 million of economic contribution per year from our trading company. This economic value will be coming over time into our accounting earnings. There is some noise and variability when it flows in. But when it does flow it, it is as we’ve indicated, over and above our 5% to 6% growth objective. So in the appendix page you will see there the $36 million year-to-date, so they’re having a strong performance but that doesn’t change our longer term basically expectations of the 20 million to 25 million.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Excellent. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We have no further questions in queue at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back over to our moderator for any additional or closing remarks.
Peter Oleksiak: I’d like to thank everybody for joining us today and hopefully we’ll see many of you next month in Dallas at the EEI Conference. Have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-25 16:15:00) =====
Executives: Anastasia Minor – Executive Director, IR Peter Oleksiak – SVP and CFO Jeff Jewell – VP and Controller Mark Rolling – VP and Treasurer
Analysts: Matt Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets Steven Fleishman – Wolfe Research Matt Davis – Credit Suisse Andy Weisel – Macquarie Capital Securities Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS Mark Barnett – MorningStar Andy Levi – Avon Capital
Operator:  Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. This is the DTE Energy hosted second-quarter 2014 earnings release. All lines have been muted to prevent any background noise, and this call is being recorded. (Operator Instructions) For opening remarks and introductions, I will now turn the call over to Anastasia Minor. Please go ahead.
Anastasia Minor:  Thank you, Doug. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second-quarter 2014 earnings call. Before we get started, I would like to remind you to read the Safe Harbor statement on page 2, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP net income to operating earnings provided in the appendix of today's presentation. With us this morning is Peter Oleksiak, our Senior Vice President and CFO; Jeff Jewell, our Vice President and Controller; and Mark Rolling, our Vice President and Treasurer. We also have members of our management team with us to call on during the Q&A session. And with that, I would like to turn it over to Peter to start our call this morning.
Peter Oleksiak:  Thanks, Anastasia. And good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Those of you who have talked to me at any length of time on the road quickly learned that I'm a big Detroit Tiger fan, so I feel compelled with this captured audience and use of air space to give a brief update on my Tigers: they are in first place, seven games in front of Kansas City, with 63 games left in the season. Feeling good, but a lot of games left. I am hoping that in the third-quarter call, I will be giving a World Series update. And hopefully I didn't just jinx the Tigers. In a few minutes I will turn the call over to Jeff and Mark, who will be taking you through earnings and cash flow for the quarter and year to date. Before that I will be providing a brief update on what is happening at the Company. I will start on slide 5, which describes our investment thesis, serving as the foundation of success and future growth. At the top of the list is our utility investment plan. Electric investment is driven by environmental spend in the near-term and renewal of our generation fleet in the longer term, which is natural replacement of our aging coal fleet with some more certainty now on the retirements, given the recent EPA actions. For our gas utility we have a cast-iron main replacement program that will last several decades. I'll talk further about our utility investments in a few minutes. In addition to our strong utility growth, our non-utility investments set us apart from our peers. We have a strict investment criteria for these businesses where each investment must align with our strategic vision and provide better-than-the-utility returns. The majority of our investments are contracted under long-term contracts to reduce earnings risk, which supports our long-term earnings profile and growth targets. That is the way we like it and, I know, the way our investors like it. The regulatory structure in Michigan continues to be very constructive, and we know we have to do our part every day to earn that relationship. One way we earn this constructive environment is by using our continuous improvement discipline with cost management in both utilities to extend out time between rate filings. Another way to keep the regulatory structure we have is to deliver strong operations and high customer satisfaction. We have seen improvements on both fronts over the last few years. Finally, we have been very consistent throughout the years with our focus on cash and keeping a strong balance sheet, which allows us to maintain our strong credit ratings.  Slide 6 shows the success of our focus on the business strategy I just described. As you are all aware, we recently increased our dividend to $2.76 on an annualized basis. This is over a 5% increase and marks the fifth consecutive year we have raised our dividend. This is just one of the ways we deliver value to our shareholders, so we are committed to target, growing the dividends in line with earnings.  We have a longer-term target for earnings per share growth of 5% to 6%. You can see in the chart that we have achieved a growth rate of over 7% from 2008. With the growth contemplated in our utilities and non-utilities over the next five years, we are approaching $1 billion of income by the end of this time frame.  We have delivered solid returns compared to our industry and across broader markets. You can see on slide 7 that compared to market indices, over three years, five, and 10 years, we have outperformed the Standard & Poor's 500 and the Standard & Poor's 500 Utilities, a track record we are very proud of. And it is built on the foundation of delivering the results we promise. Our approach is to have consistent outperformance year in and year out. With the backdrop of our business strategy and our commitment to delivering results, slide 8 provides some detail on our growth opportunities in both our utility and non-utility businesses. A large portion of our growth opportunities are focused on our utility businesses, as our utility investment levels are more than double depreciation levels. Our electric investments are driven by environmental spend in the near-term. In the time frame through 2030, investments will be driven by the replacement of our aging coal plants, but the timing and level of our investment has been shaped in a way that will fit energy policy at the state and national level. We expect to invest multiple billions in our new generation in this time frame. We see Michigan's energy policy starting to take shape in 2015, with new comprehensive legislation, with flexibility in these energy policies to comply with the recent carbon emissions plans released by the EPA. For DTE, our plan for a natural replacement of a good portion of our coal fleet with gas-fired plants has been in the works for the last few years, and this fits in with the EPA regulations. We are still working through the details on the timing and level of plant closures. These regulations will most likely accelerate coal plant retirements and be a major input in the establishment of new renewable energy targets. For the Gas Utility, investments are driven by main renewal, pipeline integrity, and meter move-out. The gas utility is supported by an infrastructure recovery mechanism which allows for the recovery of the majority of these investments. Growth in our non-utility businesses is supported by growth in our gas storage and pipelines and power industrial project segments. Expansion at the Bluestone will bring total capacity up to 1 B by 2016, up from 0.6 BCF when the pipe went into service less than two years ago. We continue to see progress on the NEXUS pipeline project, with multiple gas and electric utilities and Appalachian producers committing volume to the project. We are very excited about this investment. And many of you probably took notice of the NEXUS pipeline initiated binding open season earlier this week to allow the additional interested shippers an opportunity to commit volumes to the pipe. We expect in-service to be in the fourth quarter of 2017. The open season will run through August 21. Following the open season, final project sizing and partnership structure will be determined, and the next major milestones will be the regulatory approvals. Since much still needs to be pinned down regarding final volume commitments; project sizing; and, often, ownership levels, we are comfortable with our previous provided financial disclosures on our interest in the project. As the project continues to develop in the balance of the year, we will provide project updates as they are available. We know there are competitors in this region, but we remain confident in the build of this northern flowing pipe that ties right into our existing investor pipeline and Michigan-related assets. To wrap up on the non-utility updates, the relocations of our REF units continues to progress. With the relocation of the eighth unit complete, negotiations are underway for the ninth unit after completion of a test run this summer. Slide 9 shows our earnings guidance by segment. We are reiterating our earnings per share guidance of $4.20 to $4.40. Although weather through June has been favorable for the utilities, our gas utility in particular, weather variability in the balance of the year is still unknown. Similar to where we were at the end of the first quarter, at this point in the year we will reserve the year-to-date weather favorability as contingency for weather variability and reinvestment spending in our operations. Jeff will cover the details on the amount of weather that landed in the first half of the year that is now guidance contingency. He will also cover the potential uses of that weather contingency. So bottom line, there are no changes in guidance at this time, but a strong bias upwards. And with that I would like to turn the call over to Jeff Jewell, our Vice President and Controller, to provide more detail on the first-quarter results.
Jeff Jewell:  Thanks, Peter, and good morning, everyone. I will start on slide 11 and the second-quarter earnings results. For the quarter, DTE Energy's operating earnings were $0.73 per share. And as a reference, our reported earnings were $0.70 per share. You can find the reconciliation of the second-quarter reported to operating earnings on slide 28. For the two utilities, DTE Electric contributed $0.73 and DTE Gas negative $0.02. The non-utility segments combined earned $0.12, with gas storage and pipelines at $0.10; power and industrial projects at $0.07; and Energy Trading at negative $0.05. Corporate and other had a loss of $0.10. Let's move to slide 12 and a summary of the quarter-over-quarter performance by segment. Gross segments' operating earnings were up $27 million or $0.15 per share for the quarter. DTE Electric was favorable $40 million quarter over quarter, driven by the revenue decoupler amortization in 2014 and O&M reinvestment that occurred in 2013 but did not reoccur in 2014. DTE Gas was $12 million lower as the second-quarter earnings profile in 2014 returned to a more normal level, with a seasonal loss of $4 million. Gas storage and pipeline earnings were $2 million above the prior year. This increase was driven by higher pipeline volumes and additional gathering asset growth. This was partially offset by a deferred revenue accounting adjustment. Our power and industrial project segment was up $2 million from 2013. This increase was driven by REF earnings. Our corporate and other segment came in unfavorable by $5 million from last year, primarily due to income taxes. Again, these results in the growth segment provided $27 million of favorable earnings quarter over quarter. At Energy Trading, operating results for the quarter were negative $10 million with economic income of positive $11 million. Year-to-date results for the business, which are in line with our expectations, were negative $2 million for operating results and positive $21 million for economic net income. As we have discussed previously, Energy Trading is strategically pursuing more physical business, which will tend to create accounting timing differences between economic and accounting results. Page 26 of the appendix contains our standard Energy Trading reconciliation page, which shows both economic and accounting performance. I'd like to now turn to slides 13 and 14 and walk through some quarterly details for DTE Electric and then DTE Gas. Starting on slide 13 with DTE Electric: the electric segment had earnings favorability of $40 million quarter over quarter, with $5 million attributable to weather; $21 million related primarily the 2014 amortization of our revenue decoupler liability; $10 million related to lower O&M expense, which is primarily due to the reinvestment activity that occurred in 2013 that did not reoccur in 2014; and $4 million mainly due to lower interest expense. A note on the revenue decoupler liability – DTE Electric received a commission order on April 1 of this year that approved our request to suspend the amortization of the RDM starting in July through the remainder of this year and to resume amortization of the balance over the period January through June 2015, thus deferring 50% of the amortization. The amortization for the first half of 2014 equated to $39 million. Moving on to slide 14, DTE Gas segment was down $12 million quarter over quarter, which was a return to a more normal second-quarter earnings profile for this business. The drivers were normal weather in the second quarter of 2014 versus the cooler-than-normal second quarter in 2013. This weather accounted for $3 million of unfavorably. The other drivers were O&M of negative $6 million due to timing of activity from the first quarter, increase in uncollectibles expenses, and lower benefit expenses. Now turning to slide 15, which adds some additional context to Peter's earlier comments on DTE Energy's EPS guidance: as you know, we operate and manage DTE Energy as a portfolio and strive to deliver on our stated growth targets. As a company we start each year with three budget plans – a base plan and lean and invest plans. This ensures that we are prepared to react to either positive or negative changes in our business environment due to various unforeseen events, including weather. Because of this planning discipline, we wait to see if weather is different than normal before we take action for the balance of the year, which includes guidance revisions. The chart depicts how we are thinking about our balance-of-year potential weather and other business uses in relation to the year-to-date weather favorability of $0.27. As of today, July weather is forecasted to be below normal. This supports our discipline of waiting until after the summer months to make balance-of-year decisions. Therefore, we are confirming our 2014 segment mix and earning guidance range of $4.20 to $4.40. That concludes our update for the earnings for the quarter. I'd like to now turn the discussion over to Mark Rolling, Vice President and Treasurer, who will cover cash flow and balance sheet metrics.
Mark Rolling:  Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. I'm going to begin on slide 17 with a look at our cash flows for the first half of the year. Year-to-date cash from operations is $1.1 billion, which is down a little from 2013. We saw higher weather-related customer payments that were offset by higher purchases of gas, power, and coal that were needed to meet both our current demands as well as rebuilding our inventory levels. Capital spending was higher than last year due to increased investments at the Electric Utility, partially offset by lower capital spending in our non-utility businesses. Overall, DTE's net cash is down year over year, and that's in line with our full-year guidance. Slide 18 lays out our capital investments in a little more detail. The electric utility CapEx is higher, due primarily to increased spending on a refueling outage at our nuclear plant and the acquisition of the Brookfield wind park. CapEx at our non-utility businesses is down slightly year over year, due primarily to GSP. This reflects the completion of the Bluestone lateral build back in 2013 and lower gathering-related spending compared to last year. Let me wrap up on slide 19 with a look at our balance sheet metrics. Our balance sheet remains strong, with both leverage and FFO expected to be within the targeted range for the year. We have adequate liquidity with $1.4 billion of available liquidity at the end of June, and we are taking advantage of the low interest-rate environment and have refinanced over $900 million in long-term debt this year. This will result in nearly $20 million in annualized interest savings. And our plan to issue no equity in 2014 remains unchanged. We do plan to issue between $200 million and $300 million of equity in 2015 and 2016. Now I will turn the discussion back over to Peter.
Peter Oleksiak:  Thanks, Mark. To summarize slide 21, we continue to remain on track to achieve our earnings guidance for 2014, with strong results in the first half of the year. We increased our dividend for the fifth consecutive year. Our balance sheet and cash flow metrics remain strong, and our investments in our utility and non-utility business will provide our target of 5% to 6% earnings growth going forward. I'd like to thank you all for listening to our call this morning. And Doug, I like to open it now for any questions that participants may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from Matt Tucker with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Matt Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: First question, on NEXUS – I just wanted to cut to the point here. It sounds like you are saying NEXUS at this point is going to happen, and it's more a matter of figuring out kind of the size. Is that fair?
Peter Oleksiak:  Yes. Let me first say that I know there's a lot of interest in this project, and there should be. I'd like to say up front that at this point in the project, we are in confidentiality agreements, so there's not a lot of detail I can disclose – you know, the disclosure would have to be limited. Obviously, no project really is 100% certain until the pipe is in the ground. There are competitors that have emerged in this region, also with northern paths. This really was not completely unexpected, given the amount of gas that needs to get out of the region and the urgency of the producers. Now, we are still very bullish on NEXUS. We think it's a northern-flowing pipe that makes the most sense, since it ties directly into our existing Michigan pipeline infrastructure. And it really minimizes new pipeline build. That makes our pipe very economical and least disruptive on the environmental and regulatory fronts. Because once tied into our Michigan infrastructure, gas can flow into Michigan, Chicago, Ontario. And producers really like that optionality. So I'd really say we are still feeling really bullish, but really nothing is 100% certain till we get the project done.
Matt Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: That's fair, and I understand you have partners. I guess earlier you had said you needed to get to at least 0.8 BCF per day of firm commitments to move forward. You are looking to get at least 0.3 BCF of that, I believe, from producers. What's your level of confidence that you are at the least – that 0.8 BCF per day?
Peter Oleksiak:  As you said, we said from the start of the project that NEXUS would be a 1 B pipe, and that we would have a certain amount of commitments before we'd go forward. We've had enough commitments to move to this very important step in the process, so we are feeling confident at this point in time. So we will understand through this binding season – you know, in the open season document it did disclose that this pipe is scalable up to 2 BCF. This binding season really looks to determine the final size of the pipe; also, the finalization of the commitments from the producers and whether we are going to go forward. The next step here would be the regulatory filing process.
Matt Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thanks. I expect some others will have some questions on NEXUS, so I'll move on. I just wanted to ask about – you issued an RFP for generation capacity earlier this summer. Is there any color you can give us on how that went?
Peter Oleksiak:  Yes. We issued this RFP back in June. The process and timeline is designed, really, to run to the end of the year. So we are currently reviewing proposals. The whole idea here is that our electric utility has a current short, and also, new generation will be needed longer-term. So we have merchant plants in Michigan, and we are looking to keep that generation here in Michigan if it makes sense from a value perspective with our customers. So it is going very well, and we are currently reviewing proposals.
Matt Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thanks. And just one last one. The eighth REF unit: can you tell us when that went into – or when that was placed? And did that really contribute much to second-quarter earnings?
Peter Oleksiak:  Yes, the eighth unit – it did go in at the first half of the year. 
Anastasia Minor:  Yes, just this summer.
Peter Oleksiak:  Yes, so this summer – Anastasia indicating when it went in. And at this point in time it really did not contribute. It really is in a kind of open ramp-up mode at this point in time, Matt.
Matt Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thanks a lot, Peter. I'll jump back in the queue.
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman – Wolfe Research:  Just first, on the utility: when you think about the generation replacement, this RFP and future ones and the shutting of coal, how much of that is in your current CapEx plan at the utility? Or would this all be incremental?
Peter Oleksiak:  The way to think about the CapEx in our electric utility is in two time frames. We have the first near-term flat time frame; it's really around the environmental compliance – finalizing that, really, with the max rule. We were estimating about $1.3 billion a year for electric utility. I would say that's still a good assumption around that. We have put out some disclosures recently on that second five-year window, really, the 2019 to 2024; and the range there was 1.3 to 2.0. I would say at this point, looking at the EPA compliance, it's really going to accelerate the retirements for our coal fleet and essentially have additional spending. So I would say we are more towards the upper end of that 2.0 operating year guidance in that second five-year time frame. We are in the process of finalizing our details and plans. Our objective is in the fall to provide you more of a detailed update. But that's probably a good rule of thumb for now.
Steven Fleishman – Wolfe Research:  Okay. And then moving back to NEXUS – and I apologize for maybe being a little repetitive. But maybe you could help us a little bit with the color of from the time you put out the initial unbinding commitment to the announcement that you made this week – you know, we've had some other proposals come out. These commitments that you've gotten, I guess particularly from producers – were these ones that, to the degree that they were going to go with other pipes, they would have left? Or is there a risk that they are optioning several of these and just going to end up picking one of them? Or did you see, like, some pull out because of the competing pipes? Just any kind of color on the dynamics that occurred here?
Peter Oleksiak:  And I think I did mention to you where we are at right now in this process. It does make it a bit difficult to give a lot of details around the nuances with the producers. But I do understand why you guys are interested and want to see the details here. We did have enough commitments. And these are real negotiations, talking to producers, to go forward with this important step. That's really what I can say at this point in time. So we will understand. And part of this process at the end of this is finalizing those commitments into agreements, and understanding – is there additional interest in the pipe itself? Which really, then, it would help size up the final size of the pipe.
Steven Fleishman – Wolfe Research:  And then on the size issue, in theory, when you said you are using the current one now, I would think that assuming the pipe is going forward, it's either going to be what you have now or bigger in terms of your capital commitment?
Peter Oleksiak: That would be correct.
Steven Fleishman – Wolfe Research:  Okay. Okay, thank you.
Operator:  And our next question is from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Matt Davis – Credit Suisse:  It's actually Matt Davis. I just had another follow-up question on NEXUS, and if you guys could provide a little more color around how you see the project competing with other projects in the region? And at what size would be the optimal level to compete with other Marcellus and Utica projects?
Peter Oleksiak:  Yes, I'll address how we feel our pipe is very competitive. There are competitors, and they have emerged recently in this region. We are really providing a northern-flowing pipe. The gas in the Utica is going to go to multiple places, and a lot of it will go south. Producers are going to want the optionality to go north, and we provide a northern path. And I know other competitors are putting a northern path in place. Our pipe has the least amount of new build needed. We tie strategically right into the Vector Pipeline in our Michigan infrastructure. We think that really provides a distinct advantage to our pipe, because it really does make it very economical and also least disruptive. There's a lot of regulatory approvals that are going to be needed by the other competitors because of a new pipe build. We also think from an environmental perspective ours is the least disruptive as well. Really can't get into the whole details of the economics, but I can say just the fact that we have a lot less new pipe makes our pipe very economical.
Matt Davis – Credit Suisse:  Thank you very much. And then just on the generation needs, can you provide a little bit more color about timing of when you would look to add generation, or if at all, given the shortfall identified by MISO and the possibility of choice going away sometime next year?
Peter Oleksiak:  We have indicated that the new generation – the bulk of it will happen post-2019. But we have this RFP out right now; so if we are able to get from our customers generation at a discount to new build, then that's good value, and it keeps merchant generation in the state of Michigan. It will do that. So there may be some timing of new generation happening in this five-year window, and it really would be tied to this RFP. We have other options to satisfy that 2016 shortfall in the MISO region that we are at. But we are looking at this point in time, if we can, to get some new – at least a new merchant plant in part of our portfolio mix. But the bulk of the spend will be close to 2019.
Matt Davis – Credit Suisse:  Can you just provide a little bit more color on what you guys have to – what you were referring to with options for the 2016 shortfall?
Peter Oleksiak:  There is purchasing that we can do within MISO – some contracts, PPAs. There's other things that we could do. But we feel at this point in time, given where the market is at, given merchant plants that are in the state of Michigan, with choice – I know there's issues and debates around choice; whether choice is going to – if those customers are going to come back. It makes the best sense for us right now to explore purchasing existing Michigan assets, if they are available and if they are at a good value for our customers.
Matt Davis – Credit Suisse:  Okay, thank you.
Operator:  And our next question is from Andy Weisel with Macquarie.
Andy Weisel – Macquarie Capital Securities:  My first question is on the Michigan economy. I'm a little bit surprised that it seems like the weather-normalized load growth has pulled back, especially the industrial side a little bit, and especially when compared to your neighbors who reported yesterday. Then, also, on the gas side you mentioned increased uncollectible expense. What are your latest thoughts on the local economy? Is there anything that maybe has slowed down a bit relative to the prior trends? Or any higher-level thoughts?
Peter Oleksiak:  I'll talk mainly on the economy, and I will hand it over to Jeff to give some of the details on the load and the uncollectibles. The economy we are seeing continue on very strong in terms of recovery. I know we have been putting out indicators on unemployments; unemployment levels continue to go down. Automotive production continues to be high. Housing starts continue to rise, as well. Customer counts in our residentials are continuing to increase. So we are still seeing the economic indicators that we have seen over the last few years, and those are continuing on. Jeff, maybe you can provide a little color on the load?
Jeff Jewell:  Yes, I sure can. Hi, Andy; this is Jeff. So what we are seeing is in the first half of the year some of what we call – probably some weather-related items and also one-time impacts. One, as you know, we had an extremely cold winter. So what we are seeing on the residential side is a lot more conservation from our customers in the first quarter. And we saw that continue into the second quarter in April and May. And also, what we saw in April and May is we did not see any sustained heat. We saw a little bit of heat, but it wasn't like three days in a row kind of a deal that incentivized people to start turning on their air-conditioning load and those types of things. So we are seeing that as a one-time sort of an event. And then on the industrial side what we saw, same thing, is the extreme weather. There just wasn't a lot of car sales that were happening. And so the inventory levels were growing at the autos, and some of the autos were doing some maintenance around doing some outages. They were also doing production, sort of lowering down their production to be able to manage their inventory. There was also some other model changeovers that were happening, too. So going forward for the year, given that, that down a little bit is going to probably flow through the full year. We are looking at about a 0% sort of growth for the full year. But our long-term growth projection – there's still about that 0.5%. So we are not changing off of those. And then your other question, on the gas side – that one's pretty easy. Again, just because the revenue at the gas side was, obviously, because of the winter, was way up on the revenue side. So obviously, the uncollectible expense is going to the greater than what it was last year. So that's, again, just a function of the weather and the higher revenue.
Andy Weisel – Macquarie Capital Securities:  Yes, that makes sense. Very helpful. My next question is on the EPA carbon policy. If I heard you right, it sounds like you said you are going to be giving an update on your generation plans longer-term later in the year, so looking forward to that. My question is: do you see any potential impact on the timing of political decisions around the energy law, and particularly issues around renewables or energy efficiency?
Peter Oleksiak:  That's a really good question, Andy. And we still believe there will be comprehensive legislation in 2015. And what's going to be interesting is how, with that comprehensive legislation, the state will be still in the process of determining the EPA compliance on the CO2. So there's going to have to be flexibility within that legislation to provide us – to meet those carbon rules. It doesn't make sense to do it all at the same time. They are all essentially interrelated when you're looking at the renewables standard – even the choice, because the utilities need some certainty of build before we go ahead and build, that we believe at all – there will be some comprehensive legislation, but with enough flexibility to meet the EPA standards.
Andy Weisel – Macquarie Capital Securities:  Not to get too cute on timing, but any sense of when during the year that might come out?
Peter Oleksiak: My sense is most likely it will be postelection and most likely be the first half of next year.
Andy Weisel – Macquarie Capital Securities:  Okay, great. Then, lastly, an obligatory one on NEXUS. When can we expect updates? It sounds like about a month or so till the open season is over. Should we in the financial community expect an update shortly after that? Or would it be more like around EEI or year-end when the regulatory filings come?
Peter Oleksiak:  The update really will occur with the FERC filing process. So we have a 30-day – roughly a 30-day open season. After that, if we are proceeding on the project, we will do a FERC filing. In that FERC filing itself, there will be details around the pipe. And I anticipate once we have that FERC filing out there, we will be reaching out to you guys, providing updates.
Andy Weisel – Macquarie Capital Securities:  Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) And our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS:  I wanted to follow up, just to – I will kick off with NEXUS, and then I'll leave it alone. Can you talk a little bit about ownership and participants in the project? It seems a little bit in flux. What are your thoughts about your involvement in the project, giving that up potentially, and how that could impact the project as well?
Peter Oleksiak:  That's a good question, Julien. On the ownership front, the original MOU with the original partners did expire. So DTE and Spectra are in the process right now of determining ownership levels with other interested parties, including Enbridge. The finalization of the ownership participation will coincide at the same time with finalization of the volumes and the size of the actual pipe itself. So I would say at this point in time, we are sticking with our prior disclosures of the one-third ownership. But that could change with the finalization of the participation levels of interested parties as well as the size of the pipe.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS:  Great. And just from a timing perspective and trying to juxtapose the conversation with NEXUS with that of expanded coal retirements, more gas: is this more a question of timing, of when rather than if, just in terms of getting this off the ground and the incremental need in the state? If you could comment broadly?
Peter Oleksiak:  For the – I'm sorry; I was distracted here a little bit. Could you ask the question again?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS:  Yes. Just kind of taking the two conversations that have been ongoing here – just NEXUS; the need for incremental gas in the state, given the coal retirements; is this a question of when rather than if? And how do you think about your own plans for more coal retirements in context of expanded pipe needs in the state?
Peter Oleksiak:  It is definitely a matter of when. There will be gas needs within the state of Michigan. That's why – and the NEXUS pipe will provide that when it connects into the existing Michigan infrastructure. It will be sourcing Michigan as well as potentially sourcing the Chicago-Ontario market. So we do feel there is a need for this pipe going into Michigan and then existing infrastructure within Michigan. Once NEXUS is built, we are going to need to be doing some expansions on Vector as well as our gas utility system.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS:  Excellent. Then going back to the coal retirement side, or moving on to that side, rather: can you comment? You mentioned upper end of the $1.3 billion to $2 billion range. What are the primary drivers as you are thinking about that? I know we are a little early. And perhaps specifically here the Belle River plant – how are you thinking about that in the context of carbon and your comments earlier, that perhaps it had a little bit of a bigger impact on timing than you might have had initially? 
Peter Oleksiak: What we are working through right now – we really are in the process of working through this detail. The EPA has a compliance by 2030, but it also has – is averaging between 2020 and 2030. So how do you do that? What's the timing of that? And that's really where the acceleration is going to come in as they hit those averages. And as you mentioned, we do have some longer-term coal plants – the coal plant, in particular, where we put $2 billion of environmental spend on at our Monroe plant – that's going to be here long after I retire. The other plants are something that we were looking at, whether – what's going to be the timing. You mentioned the Belle River plant, one of our newer plants that will be around quite a while. But in this time frame, we are analyzing as well what we do with that plant as well in this time frame.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS:  Perhaps just be more specific there. Does the upper end of that $2 billion range include a full scrubber on Belle River? Is that one of the big CapEx items there?
Peter Oleksiak:  We are – that's something right now, actually – what we need to do with Belle River with these EPA standards. We have deployed this dry sorbent injection technology across a number of our generating units, including Belle River. So it's that's one thing we are analyzing right now; the engineering people are analyzing whether we need that scrubber or not, or just continue on with this dry sorbent injection technology.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS:  Got you. And so I suppose that will be part of the update later this fall?
Peter Oleksiak:  It will.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS:  Great. I'll let it be. Thank you very much.
Operator:  And our next question is from Mark Barnett with MorningStar.
Mark Barnett – MorningStar:  So we have talked a lot about the pipelines and the utility today, which has been great. Thanks for that. Just a couple of smaller questions. Just one housekeeping: how large was the impact year to date from the change in your benefit assumptions in the income statement? If that's not a number that you have right away, we can – .
Peter Oleksiak:  We are getting that number right now. One second, Mark. We can come back with you on that.
Mark Barnett – MorningStar:  Okay, no problem. The second question is more of a longer-term question here for the REF units. What's the average, I guess, tenure of those contracts, at least the ones that you have finalized now? And how potentially a little bit down the road, when maybe some investment decisions are made about the lifetime of those plants with some of the new regulations that we are seeing or going to see, how do the contracts treat that possibility? 
Peter Oleksiak:  These plants are – they are 10-year tax credit projects. So the economics here is really driven by tax credits. We had roughly half of them go into service in 2009. They will actually end in 2020. The other was a 2011 ending in 2022. So right now, what we are planning on is the economics will play out during this time frame. Having said that, as you indicated, there may be some continued use for these facilities from an environmental compliance, but it would be at a much reduced level.
Mark Barnett – MorningStar:  Okay, thanks for that.
Jeff Jewell:  This is Jeff Jewell. From the plan design, we are about $10 million after-tax savings with respect to 2014. And then there's the asset returns and stuff like that, maybe other $5 million. So we are talking, like, maybe $15 million.
Mark Barnett – MorningStar:  Okay, thanks, appreciate it.
Operator:  And our next question is from Andy Levi with Avon Capital.
Andy Levi – Avon Capital:  Basically, all set – but just back on NEXUS, just to make sure I understand what you said about Enbridge: so I guess I noticed in your brochure for the open season that you just did, obviously Enbridge was not listed, as it was in an earlier brochure. So should we just assume that Enbridge is basically out; and that if this pipe goes ahead, you will have a larger percent?
Peter Oleksiak:  Really too early at this point to say that. We are in discussions right now with Enbridge around their continued potential ownership interest in the pipe as well as other interested parties. This is all will come to a head within the next 30 days with this open season.
Andy Levi – Avon Capital:  Okay. But basically, the question is why were they not included in the brochure?
Peter Oleksiak:  We are right now the lead – the DT inspector are the lead. So the lead developers are the ones who drive the process and are mentioned in the open season documentation.
Andy Levi – Avon Capital:  Right. But they were in a previous one. So I'm just wondering why they are not in this one.
Peter Oleksiak:  Yes. The MOU did expire. And we are, at this point, the lead on the project. That's really what I can disclose at this point.
Andy Levi – Avon Capital:  Okay. And again, I guess the CapEx that you are looking at in your – you have your bar chart where you to give earnings for the natural gas segment, for the pipe segment through 2018, I believe it is. How much of that – does that contemplate a third, third, third in the earnings power that you give there? And then you have your, like, white section there – .
Peter Oleksiak:  Yes, our disclosure, which I said at this point we probably – we will be sticking with until we understand this open season. It was 1 B pipe at a $1.5 billion spend with a one-third ownership.
Andy Levi – Avon Capital:  Okay.
Peter Oleksiak:  But it's in the schedules as well.
Andy Levi – Avon Capital:  Got that. And then do you think really by the end of this binding open season in the next four weeks – again, it could be extended – we will kind of know at that point whether it's a go or no go in the time frame that you have set out?
Peter Oleksiak:  Yes. The next step would be to have a FERC filing. And at that point in time we will be proceeding into the next important step of this pipeline project.
Andy Levi – Avon Capital:  But what I'm asking is that this binding open season that you are doing should really determine whether it's a go or no go? 
Peter Oleksiak:  It will determine the ultimate size of the pipe.
Andy Levi – Avon Capital:  Of the size of the pipe?
Peter Oleksiak:  Yes.
Andy Levi – Avon Capital:  So is it safe to say that it's almost certainly a go; it's just a matter of size now?
Peter Oleksiak: It will be – in terms of a FERC filing process, there's definitely a high probability that we will be proceeding with the FERC filing. It's really determining now the size of the pipe.
Andy Levi – Avon Capital:  Okay. So I don't know if you want to put a percent. But like you said, it's a very high probability that this…
Peter Oleksiak:  Yes, and I did indicate that I remain very bullish. Our pipe here…
Andy Levi – Avon Capital:  Right, yes. I saw that on Bloomberg's…
Peter Oleksiak:  Yes, and in terms of where we tie into the reduced level of new build needed, for us it makes a lot of sense.
Andy Levi – Avon Capital :  Okay, that's great. Those were my questions. Thank you very much.
Operator:  And we have a follow-up question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS:  I wanted to follow up here. You mentioned needing to – or potentially tapping the bilateral market here for further capacity as you look out. I'd be curious; can you comment at all around some of the other data points we've heard around improvement in MISO capacity pricing, to the extent to which you are willing to comment? Some of the data points out there have supported $2 to $3 a kilowatt month. Any thoughts? Is that consistent, in the ballpark with what you are seeing?
Peter Oleksiak:  Julien, I really haven't gotten into that level of detail, to be honest, with the team. When I did talk to the team, there are options that we have. So we don't need to proceed in terms of buying a generating plant here in the state of Michigan. If it doesn't make a lot of sense for our customers, we will not do that; we will proceed with other options. Don't really have the specifics in terms of what we are seeing in the pricing, what those options are going to be. But obviously, it would be something we would determine at the end of the RFP process whether we were going to go to that route or not.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS:  Got you. What would be – just the order of magnitude – how much are you thinking about procuring potentially from the market versus any other resource for your own internal planning? Just if you could give us a sense there? And I will leave it there.
Peter Oleksiak:  We do have a natural short in the summer time frame that's around 1,000 megawatts that will continue to be needed for us to procure in the summer time frame.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS:  Great. And that increases by how much, or to what levels?
Peter Oleksiak:  I'm going to say it's roughly 1,000 megawatts. There is changes in terms of load and peak load demands, but it's approximately 1,000 megawatts. We are anticipating that to stay.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS:  All right, great. Well, thank you very much for the clarity.
Operator:  And this concludes today's question-and-answer session. I like to turn the conference back over for any additional remarks.
Peter Oleksiak:  I'd like to thank everybody for joining us today. And then have a great weekend.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Anastasia Minor - IR Peter Oleksiak - CFO and SVP Jeff Jewell - VP and Controller Mark Rolling - VP and Treasurer
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Capital Michael Weinstein - UBS David Pess - Wolfe Research
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the DTE Energy Hosted First Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Anastasia Minor. Please go ahead.
Anastasia Minor:  Thank you, Nikki, and good morning everyone. And welcome to our first quarter 2014 earnings call. Before we get started, I would like to remind you to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2, including the referenced forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes reference to operating earnings, which is the non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP net income to operating earnings provided in the appendix of today's presentation. With us this morning is Peter Oleksiak, our Senior Vice President and CFO; Jeff Jewell, our Vice President and Controller; and Mark Rolling, our Vice President and Treasurer. We also have members of our management team with us to call on during the Q&A Session. And with that, I would like to turn it over Peter to start our call this morning.
Peter Oleksiak: Thank you, Anastasia and good morning to everyone. Thank you for joining us today. There will be a beautiful spring day here in Detroit reaching close to 60 degrees. Actually, it’s supposed to be raining today but we’ll take rain and 60 at this point in the year. Hard to believe that only a few weeks ago we had our last blast of winter and snow at its first quarter was one for the record books, record cold, record snow and the Red Wings reaching the play offs the 23rd year in a row, so as I said about the first and last records I mentioned, the cold and Red Wings definitely too much snow. Before I get started I’d like welcome Jeff and Mark to the earnings call for the first time in their roles. They’ll be taking you through earnings and cash flow after I provide a brief overview. We’ll turn on Slide 5. Before I jump in the financials, we’d like to review our investment thesis. At the top of this list is our utility growth plans, next few years these plans are driven by environmental-related spend. In the longer horizon, we’ll be starting the process of renewing our aging coal fleet with gas and renewables. For gas utility, we have cast iron main replacement program that will last several decades. What sets us apart from most of our peers is our non-utility investments. We have strict criteria where they have to make strategic sense and are contracted to reduce risk. In this space, we’re more excited about our non-utility gas midstream business. We know every day we need to earn the regulatory structure in the environment we currently have. In a few pages, I’ll describe our recent move we made with our next electric rate case to further reinforce this environment. Now the way to keep regulatory structure we have is to deliver strong operations and high customer satisfaction. And as always, we look focused on cash and keeping a strong balance sheet which has led to recent credit upgrades. This approach has translated to strong results as you can see on the next page. On Slide 6 you can see that we have a targeted earnings per share growth of 5% to 6% and we have achieved over 7% since 2008. In our planning process, I know we’ve described that we do have contingency if you see last year’s we did not need that contingency and overachieved our 5% to 6%. Another key component of our investor value story is our dividend growth. We have grown dividends since 2010 and have grown them at a 5.4% average. The $4.30 guidance midpoint puts us at a 61% payout near the bottom of our range. With the growth contemplated on utilities and non-utilities in the next five years we will be approaching a $1 billion of net income at the end of this timeframe. We can now turn to Slide 7 and this shows our earnings guidance by segment. We are reiterating our earnings per share guidance range of $4.20 to $4.40. Although the first quarter weather wasn’t favorable to our utilities, our gas utility in particular is still early in the year. You can see in the guidance since many of you maybe scratching your head looking at our guidance for the utility gas that we did not change that. We have put there a green arrow up there. We have not changed the gas segment guidance even though at some point in the year we will know that we probably we will be revising that segment higher and most likely when we remix all of our segments after the third quarter. At this point in the year, we’ll reserve the winter weather favorability in the first quarter as contingency for summer weather variability. Jeff will cover the details and the amount of the weather that landed in the first quarter and is now guidance contingency. We also plan on reinvesting some of weather upside directly back into our gas utility. So bottom-line, there are no changes to guidance at this time but with a strong bias upward. As we discussed in our 2013 year-end call given the strong performance of our utilities and growth oriented non-utility businesses, our 2014 guidance does not depend on operating income contribution from our trading business. Accordingly, we have set the Energy Trading earnings guidance for 2014 at zero. Longer-term we expect 20 million to 25 million of economic earnings per year and we made earnings comment that income it will be over and above of our 5% to 6% earnings goal. I mentioned this because you will see in the guidance here on this page in our financial results sections of our presentation that Jeff will walk you through, we’ll be providing earnings results and guidance for our growth segment in addition to operating earnings including the contribution of Energy Trading to better illustrate where growth is coming from. We get a lot of questions around updates on the Michigan economy and on Page 8 highlight some of the key metrics here and it does provide evidence of an improving economy of Michigan. You can see that most of the Michigan economic indicators have returned to pre-recessionary levels and are forecasted to continue to improve in the near-term. You can see auto production levels are well above the lows of 2009, and actually on a national level the U.S. auto sales are at 16.4 million which is definitely better than pre-recessionary levels. A key indicator at Michigan employment that continues to trend downward. The March unemployment number which just came out was 7.5% which is the lowest since May of 2008. And Michigan actually leads the nation in new manufacturing job creation. On Slide 9 it is what I indicated earlier in terms of the move that we made here in the first quarter around our electric business. This slide provides another indication of how the support of regulatory environment the MPSC approved our application to suspend and move the amortization of the DTE Electric’s revenue decoupler to 2015. A revised plan to file a rate case at the end of 2014 or early 2015 with the option to self implement in six months. We have a strong focus on cost control, customer affordability, and maintaining strong regulatory relationships. This action demonstrates our focus on all three of those priorities. For DTE Gas unit, we’re leveraging our infrastructure recovery mechanism and continuous improvement to keep operating costs as low as possible with the intent to stay out of rate cases for three years. Finally on Page 10, before I hand it over to Jeff to sum up. We remain confident in achieving our 2014 guidance. First quarter results were very strong with higher earnings quarter-over-quarter across utility and non-utility businesses. Both utilities came in well over last year due of course due to colder weather we had this past winter. Our cash from operations and balance sheet remains strong providing the foundation for our growth investments.  With that I would like to turn the call over to Jeff Jewell, our Vice President and Controller to provide more details on the first quarter results. Jeff?
Jeff Jewell: Thanks, Peter and good morning everyone. I would like to start on Slide 12 and the first quarter earnings results. For the quarter, DTE Energy’s operating earnings were $1.69 per share. And as a reference our reported earnings were $1.84 per share. You’ll find a reconciliation of the first quarter reported operating earnings on Page 29 with the largest reconciling item related to the mark-to-market time and adjustments at Energy Trading which we discussed with you in the year-end call. Now for the business segments, the major driver for the quarter as everyone would expect was the extremely cold weather. The November through March season in Southeast Michigan was the coldest in 100 years, produced a record snowfall that was over twice the average, and DTE Gas set two daily volumetric records in January; one for daily storage withdrawals and the other for daily system throughput. Each of these records were 50% higher than the average. For the two utilities, DTE Electric contributed $0.77 and DTE Gas came in at $0.73. The non-utility segments combined earned $0.25 with Gas Storage & Pipelines at $0.12, and industrial projects at $0.08 and Energy Trading at $0.05. Corporate and other had a loss of $0.06 for the quarter. Let’s move to Slide 13 and a summary of the quarter-over-quarter performance by segments. The first item I would like to draw your attention to is how we will be discussing our operating earnings for the Company going forward. As Peter explained in this overview, will be discussing our earnings with and without Energy Trading to better illustrate alignment between our growth goals and our growth segment and businesses. If we start on the left side of Slide 13, you will see two boxed areas, one called growth segments operating EPS and the other called operating EPS. The growth segments include the segments that will contribute to our 5% to 6% EPS growth goal that excludes Energy Trading. The second box is labeled operating EPS and includes all DTE Energy segments including Energy Trading. Now for the results for the quarter by segment. Growth segments operating earnings were up 65 million for the quarter. Both our utilities, DTE Electric and DTE Gas had significantly colder than normal better in 2014 versus the near-normal weather in 2013. DTE Electric earned 21 million year-over-year and DTE Gas had an increase in earnings of 33 million. Gas Storage & Pipelines earnings were 4 million above prior year. This increase was primarily due to the growth in our Bluestone pipeline and gathering assets. We also saw weather driven favorability in our storage business that was partially offset by deferred revenue accounting adjustment. Our Power & Industrial Projects segment was up 3 million from 2013. This increase was driven by higher reduced emission fuel earnings, from relocations completed in the late 2013. Our Corporate & Other segment came in favorable by 4 million from last year, primarily due to lower taxes. These results again provided 65 million of favorable earnings quarter-over-quarter at the growth segment level. At Energy Trading results were 1 million higher due to market opportunities in our gas marketing business offset by losses in the power marketing group. Page 28 in the appendix contains our standard Energy Trading reconciliation page which shows both economic and according performance. I would like to now turn to Slide 14 and walk you through some quarterly details for both DTE Electric and DTE Gas. Starting from the left with DTE Electric, the Electric segment had earnings favorability of 21 million quarter-to-quarter with 13 million attributable to weather, 14 million related primarily to the 2014 amortization of our revenue decoupler liability and a reduction of 6 million for higher O&M and depreciation expenses. The chart on the right shows DTE Gas was up 33 million with the major driver being weather of 28 million and other net favorability of 5 million, which was driven by increased midstream storage margins offset by increased weather-related O&M expenses. Adding the two companies together, we experienced more than 40 million of weather favorability during the quarter or about $0.25 per share. Now turning to Slide 15 which adds some additional color to Peter’s earlier comments on EPS guidance. As you know we operate and manage DTE Energy as a portfolio and strive to deliver on our stated growth targets. Since it is still very early in the year and we have the potential for significant earnings variability in our Electric segment due to the summer weather we’re not changing our 2014 EPS guidance of $4.20 to $4.40 or segment mix at this time. The chart depicts how we are thinking about our balance of the year potential weather exposure in relationship with the first quarter weather favorability of $0.25. We view the two currently offsetting each other thus leading us back to our guidance range of $4.20 to $4.40. That concludes the update on our earnings for the quarter. I would like to now turn the discussion over to Mark Rolling, Vice President and Treasurer, who will cover cash flow and balance sheet metrics.
Mark Rolling: Thanks, Jeff and good morning everyone. I want to start off by saying that it’s great to be back working with our investors and analysts again. So you’ve heard my predecessors saying many times that maintaining a strong balance sheet and cash flows is a key priority for DTE. And I want to assure you that is still going to be the case going forward. I am going to begin on Slide 17 with a look at our first quarter cash flows. Through March cash from operations was $500 million, down slightly from 2013. The colder weather that Peter and Jeff spoke about drove higher customer cash proceeds and at the same time those were largely offset by higher purchases of gas and power that were needed to meet those demands. Capital spending was slightly higher than last year due to increased CapEx at the electric utility and continued investment in our Gas Midstream business. Overall, DTE’s net cash was down slightly year-over-year and in line with our full year guidance. Slide 18 lays out our capital investments in a little more detail. The electric utility capital was higher due to increased spending and distribution reliability projects and the refueling outage at our nuclear plant. Gas utility is a little lower quarter-over-quarter, but that’s really timing related. And the non-utility CapEx is up driven by investments we are making at our Bluestone-related assets at Gas Storage & Pipelines. Let me wrap-up with a look at our balance sheet metrics on Slide 19. Our balance sheet remains strong with both leverage and FFO metrics expected to be within the targeted range for the year. We have adequate liquidity with 1.5 billion of available liquidity at the end of the quarter, and our plans are to issue no new equity in 2014, but plan to issue between 200 million and 300 million of equity in 2015 and 2016. And now I’ll turn the discussion back over to Peter.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks Mark. Summary on Slide 21, you can see the first ticked point that we are on-track to meet our operating earnings guidance, and I can say we are more than on-track. As we described and Jeff described, we’re coming in the remaining three quarters with some good contingency to the guidance. Also we received approval from the MPSC to suspend our electric revenue decoupler. This has actually helped us to move that rate case timing to the end of ’14 and early ’15. We think that’s been a good move for us and for our customers. Our balance sheet and cash flow metrics remains strong and investments in our utility and non-utility businesses will provide the targeted 5% to 6% EPS growth on a go forward basis. I’d like to thank you all for listening to our call this morning, and Nikki I would like to open it up now for any questions that maybe out there.
Question:
and:
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Dan Eggers : Good morning. Can you guys just update us on the status around electric choice, and what is happening with the proposed legislation both for and against, and when you see potential resolution coming?
 Credit Suisse: Good morning. Can you guys just update us on the status around electric choice, and what is happening with the proposed legislation both for and against, and when you see potential resolution coming?
Peter Oleksiak: There is a bill introduced that was looking at the deregulation bill which was a very interesting twist, as we have been seeing overtime, bills to increase the choice count and so this was an interesting one where that was for, and moving away from the hybrid model, the deregulation -- that has gotten its time in due diligence, but now there is really no support for that bill. And if anything, it’s really putting the broader context around regulation and central the re-regulations. So that bill on particular, right now it’s pretty much is on its course.
Dan Eggers : And just in pipeline expansion that was highlighted as a key area of growth in 2013, what kind of updates can be look is at the upcoming AGA conference?
 Credit Suisse: And just in pipeline expansion that was highlighted as a key area of growth in 2013, what kind of updates can be look is at the upcoming AGA conference?
Peter Oleksiak: The AGA conference, we’re kind of working through right now internally. The level of disclosures that we’re intended to increase the disclosures in the pipeline segment, give you some more updates around the pipeline, the gathering, potentially even at the storage which are three components of that business and looking at expansions, looking at growth plans and looking at capital spend for those segments.
Dan Eggers : Okay, thank you.
 Credit Suisse: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from Matt Tucker with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Peter Oleksiak: Hi Matt.
Matt Tucker : Good morning and congrats on a nice quarter.
 KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning and congrats on a nice quarter.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks.
Matt Tucker : Just a follow-up on the midstream side you talked in the past about ongoing discussions for additional acreage commitments at Bluestone. Could you provide some update on that as well as the progress you’re making on President’s Agreements for the NEXUS pipeline?
 KeyBanc Capital Markets: Just a follow-up on the midstream side you talked in the past about ongoing discussions for additional acreage commitments at Bluestone. Could you provide some update on that as well as the progress you’re making on President’s Agreements for the NEXUS pipeline?
Peter Oleksiak: Sure, starting with Bluestone, the activity around Bluestone continues at a vigorous pace, we actually have a couple of things on the pipe itself. We’re in the process of expanding. We have put this pipe into service late 2012, so a little less than a year half and later we’re doubling the capacity of the pipe northward that’s progressing along. We’ll have those expansions in place this year and the beginning of next year. On the gathering side, we’re right now currently working with Northwestern with our gathering around the Bluestone project with the additional acreage that they have and potentially we’re cutting our teeth on this first acreage they have. So we’re optimistic we have a great relationship with Southwestern Energy and we’re improving ourselves out with the first tranche of gathering there.
Jeff Jewell: You asked also around the NEXUS project, I can give you a brief update there as well and that we’re very excited about this project. Jerry indicated on the year-end call, we saw a significant spike in interest levels. Interest here with project where that’s kind of a medium level when the cold happened. There were strong price signals in the Michigan Ontario market. That interest continues to be strong even though the weather has tampered here. We have three agreements. We’ve talked about on this pipe. We’ve talked about it in terms of it being supported around end utilities. We have three agreements at this moment of time with three utilities of anchored the project. This project really is going to be driven through on the producer side the amount of shale gas is going to be coming in this region and the activity on that side continues to happen at a feverish space, and we’re in discussions right now with half a dozen producers and actually a late stage negotiations with the few of them. We are also progressing on some of the engineering field work related to the project. And we are very bullish on the project at this time. The Utica shale is actually one of the most profitable shale plays in the country. A lot of drill bit money being allocated to the region and we’re excited to have the project right in the middle of it.
Matt Tucker : Thanks. Do you have a kind of timeframe in mind right now that you’re targeting for kind of go-no-go decision on the project?
 KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thanks. Do you have a kind of timeframe in mind right now that you’re targeting for kind of go-no-go decision on the project?
Peter Oleksiak: For the project right now the targeted end service stage is in the end of 2017. We’d be really referring around these agreements. We’re really going to be building this thing. We need to get an 80% to 90% of basically capacity committed to it and around a midyear timeframe is what we’d be looking for. I think it’s really more of a matter of time at this point versus the go-no-go given the extremely strong interest that we’re seeing in the project.
Matt Tucker : Got it. Thanks. And then just shifting gears, it looks like the RDM liability amortization was about a 14 million impact to earnings, is that the right level to be assuming for the second quarter and then when it picks up again next year and could you give the pre-tax number associated with that?
 KeyBanc Capital Markets: Got it. Thanks. And then just shifting gears, it looks like the RDM liability amortization was about a 14 million impact to earnings, is that the right level to be assuming for the second quarter and then when it picks up again next year and could you give the pre-tax number associated with that?
Peter Oleksiak: The RDM amortization overall if you recall it 127 million pretax and when you kind of break that down after-tax per quarter it’s a little south of $20 million per quarter. We’ll have that in the first quarter and second quarter of this year. We’ll stop the amortization and begin again next year of the first and second quarter of next year.
Matt Tucker : Thanks. And just one last just follow-up to that. Can you talk about how the decision to defer the second half amortization kind of plays into your intact guidance?
 KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thanks. And just one last just follow-up to that. Can you talk about how the decision to defer the second half amortization kind of plays into your intact guidance?
Peter Oleksiak: For this year it is contemplated in reiteration of this year’s guidance and that is -- as we came into the year I’d say it’s a combination of taking look at the cost controls that we put in place, a lot of that was in the benefit reductions, and we had another tranche of benefit reductions that happened last year related to our union contract, so we really understood that, understood what’s happening with discount rates related to those benefit expense. And also to some of the first year favorability that we’ve seen here on the weather side, so one way that we’re essentially reinvesting it back into our business with our customers. We’re utilizing that to basically suspend in the move that amortization and move out our rate proceeding to the end of the year or early next year.
Matt Tucker : Got it, thanks Peter.
 KeyBanc Capital Markets: Got it, thanks Peter.
Peter Oleksiak:  Yes. 
Operator: And the next question will come from Andrew Weisel with Macquarie Capital. Your line is open.
Peter Oleksiak: Hi Andrew.
Andrew Weisel : Thanks. Good morning guys. My question is about the load growth I see from the supplemental slides you have it at zero. I know that weather normalization is practically impossible with this quarter but just wondering that is a slowdown from last year, so just wondering if that’s something that you see as a real trend or is that just noise around the extreme weather?
 Macquarie Capital: Thanks. Good morning guys. My question is about the load growth I see from the supplemental slides you have it at zero. I know that weather normalization is practically impossible with this quarter but just wondering that is a slowdown from last year, so just wondering if that’s something that you see as a real trend or is that just noise around the extreme weather?
Peter Oleksiak: I think it’s a good question, and I am going to ask our Controller Jeff Jewell to answer that question.
Jeff Jewell: Hi Andrew yes what we’re forecasting that we had for this year was -- as we’ve stated before is about a half percent growth overall. And so what we’re seeing is we’re seeing that in the first quarter in line with that in the industrial and the commercial and you’ve seen that temperate normalize piece. And then what you’re seeing in the residential just like you mentioned it temperature normalization, you’re right, that creates some challenges around that, but we still feel that that’s going to come in flat and that in combination with the commercial and the industrial is going to allow the overall to be in about that half a percent growth year-over-year.
Andrew Weisel : Okay. Thank you. Next question is as far as trading, I know you’re assuming zero for this year. I think I heard you say you’re expecting more of a long 20 to 25, is that right?
 Macquarie Capital: Okay. Thank you. Next question is as far as trading, I know you’re assuming zero for this year. I think I heard you say you’re expecting more of a long 20 to 25, is that right?
Peter Oleksiak: That is correct. We have indicated for this business unit that -- we really don’t want to put a part of our guidance in our operating earnings growth, so we are signaling the zero your guidance. And actually the other phenomenon that's happening here in the near-term, we are moving a portion of that business to more longer-term contracts so they have more accrual accounting basis, so there will be a lag between accounting recognition and economics. When you look at the pure economic income and that’s the main metric we use to judge this business unit it is a $20 million to $25 million range that we are looking at over the longer-term. And this year if you look at the first quarter they achieved $10 million of economic net income.
Andrew Weisel : Okay, so the way you present to that is sort of below the growth line, to me that looks like what some companies would call a discontinued operation or non-core, is there any reconsideration about keeping this business?
 Macquarie Capital: Okay, so the way you present to that is sort of below the growth line, to me that looks like what some companies would call a discontinued operation or non-core, is there any reconsideration about keeping this business?
Peter Oleksiak: We are definitely keeping the trading business. We think there’s a lot of strategic value from the cash perspective, the 20 million to 25 million overtime is cash that provides actually a lot of good market intelligence for us from the commodity standpoint as well as different geographical regions. For instance it is interesting in this last quarter, we were talking around the Northeast and the PGAM market, and some of the challenges we’ve had there and actually there has been a lot of insights we’ve gained here. And our management team has gained around PGM and the PGAM markets, just having the training company. So it is -- definitely it provides a lot of interest to you, what have you.
Andrew Weisel : Okay, great, and my last question sort of a bookkeeping one. When I look at your cash flow, I see $15 million of stock repurchase; what’s going on there and should we expect that to just be timing over the year, and it will be a net zero?
 Macquarie Capital: Okay, great, and my last question sort of a bookkeeping one. When I look at your cash flow, I see $15 million of stock repurchase; what’s going on there and should we expect that to just be timing over the year, and it will be a net zero?
Mark Rolling: Hi Andrew, this is Mark Rolling. That is just geography in the cash flow statement. We’re not issuing new equity. We settled up on some of our employee benefits, equity options, equity benefits. And we actually did purchase stock and then replaced that, so it shows that on the cash flow statement as a source, and a repurchase, and it’s really net zero. We were issuing no equity and nor we are buying back equity.
Andrew Weisel : So at that, just wanted to make sure. Thank you.
 Macquarie Capital: So at that, just wanted to make sure. Thank you.
Peter Oleksiak: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question will come from Michael Weinstein with UBS. Your line is open.
Peter Oleksiak: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Weinstein : Hi. Good morning. Can you just talk a little more about the timing of expected announcements for expansion on NEXUS, Bluestone, Millennium? And at what point do you increase your, 10% to 15% expected long-term growth rate in the segment?
 UBS: Hi. Good morning. Can you just talk a little more about the timing of expected announcements for expansion on NEXUS, Bluestone, Millennium? And at what point do you increase your, 10% to 15% expected long-term growth rate in the segment?
Peter Oleksiak: The announcements -- first stating with NEXUS as I mentioned and probably get some new disclosures in the call today, is that conversations are happening, pretty intense manner both on the utility side supporting the project as well as the producers. So we will -- as those come about we will provide update to you guys around those. I would expect over the next few months with the target of midyear having most of this wrapped up. On the Bluestone, we have laid out, Bluestone right now in terms of the expansions that will be occurring, that is the expansion right now is to double the capacity going north, and that will be happening this year with a small piece happening next year as well. And in terms of the overall growth rate, that’s something we will start talking about at the AGA, more likely than not, we’ll be probably providing an update on that on the end of the year. A lot of that is really getting a sense with all of these projects in motion to the NEXUS one in particular getting a little more firm around that before we update our longer term guidance for this segment.
Michael Weinstein : Okay, thank you very much.
 UBS: Okay, thank you very much.
Peter Oleksiak: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from David Pess with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Peter Oleksiak: Hi David.
David Pess : Yes good morning. Just had a question, how would an extension of bonus G&A through 2015 impact your current growth plan?
 Wolfe Research: Yes good morning. Just had a question, how would an extension of bonus G&A through 2015 impact your current growth plan?
Peter Oleksiak: Right now, I will let you know the bonuses part of the extenders package, right now we do feel relatively low probability that it will get extended. If you look at that this year we have zero equity issuance, and so this year it will not impact this year. Next year we have -- in the next two years put out there a targets of 200 million to 300 million, so we do get it out, imagine it may be near to the lower end of the range, for these one of those years. It’s not going to be extremely material for us, but it may help shave off a portion of one year’s worth of equity.
David Pess : Okay. Great, thank you.
 Wolfe Research: Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Oleksiak of any additional or closing remarks.
Peter Oleksiak: I would like to thank everybody for being on the call this morning, and for you hockey fans I know the Red Wings are down right now, three to two to one so we are going to need your support to help us breakthrough with this first round of play-offs. So everybody have a great day. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-14 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Anastasia Minor - Investor Relations Gerry Anderson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer - DTE Energy Peter Oleksiak - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President
Analysts: Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Capital Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Michael Weinstein - UBS Andy Levi - Avon Capital Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates
Operator: Good day and welcome to the DTE Energy Hosted Year End 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Anastasia Minor. Please go ahead.
Anastasia Minor: Thank you, Nova, and good morning everyone. Happy Valentine's Day. Welcome to our 2013 year-end earnings call. Before we get started, I would like to remind you to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2, including the referenced forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes reference to operating earnings, which is the non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP net income to operating earnings provided in the appendix of today's presentation. With us this morning, are Gerry Anderson, our Chairman and CEO and Peter Oleksiak, our Senior Vice President of Finance and CFO. We also have members of our management team with us to call on during the Q&A Session. With that, I would like to turn it over Gerry to start our call this morning.
Gerry Anderson: Thanks, Anastasia, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for being with us, particularly those of you in the East, who may have had to fight your way through weather, to find your way to home. We are going to take you through an agenda today that's shown on Slide 4. I am going to start with a look back on our accomplishments this past year. Then I will turn and look forward to some of our growth and investment opportunities and I think we have some interesting updates for you there today. Now, I will turn it over to Peter Oleksiak, who will give you a financial update.
Peter Oleksiak: Let me start with the look back and I am going to frame my look back on 2013 in the context of our company's system of six priorities, which is shown on Slide 5. I have discussed this system of priorities with all of you before. This is how we run the company. The concept is pretty simple. We are very focused at the company on employee engagement. We measure it and the notion is that if we can get people to bring a high degree of energy and focus to what we do and we can frame that energy and focus on producing great outcomes for our customers, frame it using our continuous improvement, skills to control our costs and then growing the company. If we do those three things really well, we have a much better chance of having a constructive political and regulatory context, because our politicians and regulators care about how we treat our customers, how we manage our costs and whether we are able to tie our growth into the economic development activities of the state, and if we can combine a strong political and regulatory context with healthy growth, we produce good sustainable outcomes for you. I certainly have learned over the past five years that if we are going to deliver you sustainable, strong financial results and do that consistently, then we need to bring intense focus to the priorities that are upstream or to the left of the financial performance shown on this page, so how we do against these priorities in 2013? Moving onto Slide 6, I said we start with engagement, use gallop to measure their pores. They do it all over the globe and we have the highest engagement measurement in the company's history. We moved from the 78th to the 85th percentile in Gallup's global database, so we are now 5 percentile points from our goal of being a top decile engagement company. As a result of that work, we received Gallup's Great Workplace Award. They give that out to a handful of companies that are progressing especially well in this area. Parallel with that, we achieved the best safety record in the company's history. Our OSHA recordable rate was at an all time low. We are clearly strongly into the first quartile, moving towards top decile there, which is clearly our goal as well. On the continuous improvement front, we continue to build and train the skill set in the company that's enabled us to keep our O&M expense at 2003 levels, so we are at the same cost level we were a decade ago. Our continuous improvement program was recognized by the London Process Excellence Network. That's a worldwide continuous improvement on process excellence organization, recognized as the best process improvement for example, over the past two years. One of the places we trained those skills on was reducing the cost of renewable resources. The construction costs are down, purchasing costs are down. Locations are producing higher capacity connectors. As a result, we are able to recently reduce the renewable energy surcharge, which was good for our customers. Speaking of customers, both of our utilities are in the top quartile of J.D. Power's customer satisfaction rankings, which is a good outcome, but frankly we are firmly focused on being in the top position of both of those rankings and that's what we have our people focused on. One of the things that we need to do is not drop the ball. When we drop the ball heavily, people complained to the Public Service Commission. You can see that our levels are down fundamentally in recent years. We are also investing significantly in electric system reliability an additional 50 million this past year. Those investments are really working. I can tell you we are going to accelerate those to bring our system reliability up to really excellent levels. Moving onto Slide 7, in the political regulatory arena, I am really pleased with our ongoing interactions with both, the Schneider administration and the Michigan Public Service Commission. We continue to play an active role in the policy discussions about Michigan's energy future. I believe those discussions will yield good results. In parallel with that, we continue to work on our strategy to minimize rates and rate increase in the state. You may have seen that we actually decreased electric rates materially on the first of the year on the order of 6% on average for customers and there's more of that coming as I will discuss later. We also were a big participant in what's known as pure Michigan business connect. It's a program to buy more from Michigan companies, spent over $800 million with Michigan companies. See that the goal we set with the governor by 30%. This was a big deal for economic development on the states something we are really happy to be peered with the state in pursuing. On the growth front, we invested over $1.5 billion in our two utilities, double the rate of depreciation. I'll talk about the areas in a bit. Significant progress on the non-utility front too, I'll talk about some future investments, but just the highlight from the past year, big year for investment in our gathering assets around our Bluestone Pipeline. It's has become a significant new growth area for us. We placed our seventh REF unit, reached an agreement on the eighth and we are working on the ninth, and we also constructed a large new renewable project that will be going operational here over the next week or two. Then finally on the financial front, our operating EPS came in at $4.09. Our guidance mid-point, most recently was $4.05, we came into last year with a mid-point guidance of $4.00, so that was a good outcome. We earned our allowed ROE at both utilities, increased the dividends 5.6%, were upgraded at all three agencies, so from a financial perspective, I felt good about the outcomes for the year. Moving on to Slide 8, the next agenda item, I just said 2013 was a strong year. I entered 2014 with a great deal of confidence as well. I think this can and will be another very good year for the company. I feel we are extremely well positioned as we work our way into 2014, so I want to turn to a look at our future prospects, beginning with our earnings guidance for the year on Slide 9. We provided 2014 guidance last fall with a mid-point of $4.27. We've revised that guidance upward. The mid-point of the new guidance is $4.30. Assuming we achieve that, 2014 would be our sixth consecutive year of healthy earnings per share growth. We've also been growing our dividend in parallel with the earnings. You can see that dividends have been growing at about a 5.5% clip and we intend to continue to grow dividends in parallel with our earnings with the earnings grow. Finally, as you see there in the bottom of the slide, we are targeting $1 billion in operating earnings by 2018. That's the plan we are working and we are confident we will get there. Now the environment in Michigan, our home or headquarter state is, I think, supportive of the sort of growth we are talking about. If you look at Slide 10, the Michigan economy continues to show good strength. For example, temperature normal, electric sales overall last year were up 2%. If you look at the industrial component of that, industrial sales were up 4%, temperature normal, gas sales were up about 1% and we are seeing rising customer counts at both utilities. For some years, we didn't see that, but we are seeing customer accounts rise again. These are all signs of the continued recovery and continuing growth of Michigan's economy. As I said earlier I feel good about the regulatory environment in Michigan. I think it's fair and constructive and I like the way we are working with the administration and the commission to think through good future energy policy for the state. Finally, we have a full slate of good investment opportunities in our utilities and in our non-utility businesses, and I'm going to turn to those now. Starting on Slide 11, with our electric utility. We are going to invest $6.7 billion. That's a five-year plan and we are going to do that in three areas. First is base infrastructure, it covers the fundamentals of plant reliability, distribution reliability, AMI and so forth. We will spend $1.1 billion on that in 2014. The couple of areas I would point out is, I mentioned earlier that we are going to go after distribution reliability at an increased pace. We are seeing very good results from our program of investments and we are going to up that, advance metering, we have accelerated as well as part of our cost reduction efforts. We are seeing good efficiencies come out of this, so we are accelerating it. The second major area of spend in the electric utility is generation compliance. We used to call this environmental or emission reductions, but we are seeing some new things in this category, so we do still have expenditures on environmental requirements; $280 million this year, but as you look out over the five-year period, we are beginning to see as well some post-Fukushima investments in our nuclear plant that are material over the period, so $700 million in this category over the five-year period. Then finally new generation, so we are working our way through the 10% renewable energy standard. By 2015, we will spend $240 million this year on two wind parks. As we look out a bit longer term on the five-year plan, we are clearly working our way into the renewal of the generation asset base in the state. That renewal is coming via our discussions of state policy. That's one of the big topics in state policy, where do our generation assets go. It's also beginning to be a topic of discussion in MISO, because MISO is clearly beginning to see the need for new capacity in roughly the 2016 timeframe and that includes new capacity in Michigan. The combination of the states discussion of the future and MISO's discussion of future needs, I think, has us looking squarely at the future generation in the state in a serious way. Moving onto Slide 12, the next five years is also going to see some significant investment in our gas utility. We will invest $1.2 billion over the next five years. $700 million of that will go into base infrastructure, so expanding our distributions system and other long-term investments of that nature A $150 million in that category this year, but I think you also know that we have a significant program in main renewal and meter move-out. We will spend $500 million in that category over the next five years. That capital, you will recall is being recovered through an infrastructure recovery [mechanism]. It's a big program, we've got thousands of miles of distribution main and a lot of cast iron distribution main that needs to be renewed, $90 million expenditure this year with about $100 million per year average over the next five years. Now the good news is, that we going to be able to invest this capital in our utilities with our customers seeing minimal rate impacts. Slide 13 discusses that. The investments that I've just described in our utilities, along with the normal cost pressures that a company like us has to deal with, clearly put upward pressure on rates but we have a significant set of offsets to these pressures, including lower surcharges, our work on structural cost projections and our ongoing work on continuous improvement. Let me give you a little color on that. As the electric company, we have, over the course of this year and next year, $615 million of surcharge reductions that will come into play. Roughly $300 million of those came into play at the beginning of this year and those were the reasons for the roughly 6% rate reduction that customers saw. We will also see an additional $350 million surcharge reduction on the 1st of January next year. That's related to the securitization of our Fermi Power plant that ends 1st of next year those are very material downward revisions to our rates. As a result, our mantra here at the company is to stay rate-neutral or as close to rate-neutral as we can over the next five years while we work our way through this big slate of investments in our electric utility. On the gas front, we foresee a three-year stay out of rate cases. A part of that is our continuous improvement, efforts in the gas company, part of it is the infrastructure recovery mechanism. When you look at the overall rate of change in rates, we see them at below inflation levels, so very modest increases in rates in the gas utility over the next five years. Turning now from our utilities to our non-utility businesses and I am going to be moving to Slide 14. Some of our very best growth opportunities are emerging in our gas storage and pipelines business. Just a quick reminder on Slide 14. This business consists of I am roughly working my way from West to East here. This business for us consists of our position in the Vector Pipeline between Chicago and Dawn, Ontario our large base of storage assets in Michigan. The Millennium Pipeline in New York, which runs across the top of the Marcellus Shale, down into the New York City market. Our Bluestone Pipeline, built down into the heart of Susquehanna County. Our base of Bluestone Gathering assets that we really worked hard on building this past year. Then finally looping back around the west end of Lake Erie is our proposed Nexus Pipeline, which I will give you an update on in a minute. Now, we expect to invest roughly $1 billion to $1.5 billion in this set of assets over the next five years. If you move on to Slide 15, I will talk off of this slide to give you an update on how our various investment opportunities are progressing. I will start with the Bluestone Pipeline. We put the Bluestone Pipeline into service in late 2012, the Bluestone pipeline is now absolutely full in both directions, both north and south, moving 0.3 Bcf, which is the design capacity, north and south. Given the pace of new production development in and around the pipeline, we are currently working to double the northbound capacity from 0.3 Bcf to 0.6 Bcf and I will tell you given the production in the area and the interest of counterparties, we fully expect to need another expansion on top of that one in the near future. The Millennium Pipeline, which as 0.5 a Bcf design capacity, is also fully sold out in both directions, so like Bluestone it has become a bi-directional pipe. We are moving a half of Bcf east and 0.5 a Bcf west and we are pursuing two expansions of the pipe this year that will expand the capacity 60% or 0.3 Bcf. Further, we have significant new interest from both LDCs and producers to expand the pipe again. This LDC interest become intense after the recent events in the Northeast and we got a lot of people reaching out to us about the ability to get product delivered to them through the Millennium Pipeline. Our producers also need to get to markets in the east, so some very serious discussions about yet another expansion of the Millennium Pipeline underway currently, so given this, we expect that Millennium will be further expanded after the expansions this year by another quarter to 0.5 a Bcf to the east bringing service date of 2016 to 2017. With respect to our gathering investments for Southwestern Energy, around the Bluestone Pipeline in Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania, we began construction work on these assets just a little over year ago. In that timeframe, the flow has grown from 0 to now 340 million cubic feet a day from Southwestern's core properties there in Susquehanna County, and we expect significant growth and output from those core properties in 2014. In addition to that work, we are also in serious discussions with Southwestern about the development of their properties, both northwest and northeast of their core positions there. With respect to the Nexus Pipeline, which we are developing with Spectra and Enbridge, we are very encouraged by recent discussions on this pipe, so let me just frame it this way. Existing pipeline capacity out of the Utica play is contracted up and the results of the play continue to be very bullish. As a result, it's clear that there's a need for a major new pipe out of the play and likely more than one. In our most recent round of discussions with producers, there was a noticeable shift in tone and urgency, and the degree of interest has intensified significantly. I believe that's a result of the pipeline constraints that have been revealed over the past few months. I think it's a result of the strength of the results that producers continue to see. There is a view that the Michigan, Ontario, Chicago markets which could be served by the Nexus Pipeline are premium markets. There's a sense that, that marketplace is large and liquid, so one of the things producers want is a market that's large and liquid enough that when a new supply enters in, you don't collapse the price. I believe producers have concluded that given what they have seen in the marketplace we serve that large liquid markets exist. There's also the largest base of market area storage in the United States at the end of the Nexus Pipeline, both in Michigan and in Ontario. Finally, the pipe has LDC sponsors who are also committing volume to the pipe. Given all of that, give the discussions that we've had. We really feel very good about the prospects for Nexus and I think stronger than we have at any point in its development. Given all of this, we expect earnings from this business to continue to grow at a healthy cliff. That's shown on Slide 16. Last year, earnings grew from $61 million to $70 million, or 15%. We are targeting a move at mid-point, another $12 million up or 17% up this year. As you can see, we think we have got a lot of growth wired in for the future and continue to feel that the $130 million number is our target and it's achievable. We are also seeing really good growth opportunities in our Power and Industrial business and I'll begin that discussion on Slide 17. You would recall this business consist of three business lines, our industrial energy services business where we serve industrial sites at 37 projects in 11 states. We also have a renewable energy business line in which we have wood-fired plants and landfill gas-fired facilities across 11 states. By the way, all those are utility contracted. Then finally, our reduced emission fuel business line. This business line produces a fuel that reduces emissions in coal-fired power plants. We have nine units in five states. Again, we contract with utilities in that business. A few highlights for the coming year in this business include a 25 megawatt cogeneration plant. That's going on line at an industrial site in Ohio, so that will add to our industrial services portfolio. We are also in startup mode right now on a roughly 50 megawatt waste wood-fired plant in California. We constructed that over the past year-and-a-half. That will be a nice addition to our renewable business line, and then finally in the reduced emission fuel business, we have our eighth REF unit under construction right now and expect it to be running by mid-year and we are in serious discussions with potential host sites for our ninth and final REF unit. While investments like these are producing healthy earnings growth in the prior industrial business as well you can see on Slide 18 that earnings this past year grew from $52 million to $70 million that's 35% increase. We have got about 15% increased targeted for this year moving from $70 million to a mid-point guidance of $80 million and longer term, you can see that we expect this business to essentially double that $155 million remains our target. We've been communicating that number for some time and still feel good about it. Well, with that as background, I am going to turn things over to Peter Oleksiak to take you through our financial update. Peter, over to you.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks Gerry. Good morning, everyone. Before I get into the financial results, I'd like to give a shot of the date meter. I didn't do the exact count but this is the first call without Dave for over 15 years. Dave's not gone too far and many of you will see him on the road since we haven't been slated for several our investor conferences and business through 2014. Moving to the financial update, I would like to start with Slide 20 and the year-end earnings result. For 2013, DTE Energy's operating earnings are $4.09 per share. DTE Electric earned $2.76 per share and DTE Gas earned $0.80 per share. For the non-utility businesses, the Gas Storage and Pipelines and Power and Industrial Projects segments each earned $0.40 per share and Energy Trading finished the year with $0.02 per share loss. Finally, corporate and other incurred a loss of $0.25 per share. Let's move to Slide 21 and the summary of the year-over-year performance by segment. DTE Electrics earnings were $1 million higher in 2013 than 2012. For this segment, we saw an increase in earnings due to lower benefit expense, resulting from the planned design changes we implemented in the fourth quarter of 2012, and the first quarter of 2013. We also saw growth in our underlying electric service territory contributing to earnings in 2013. Temperature normalized, sales are 2% higher than last year, driven by growth in each of our customer classes. These improvements in earnings over last year were offset by return to normal weather and higher storm expense. If you recall, in 2012, DTE Electric saw $45 million of earnings capability due to weather. The higher year-over-year storm expenses were driven by two incremental catastrophic storms occurring in the fourth quarter. Our strong financial performance was able to offset these late storms, which combined impacted over 500,000 customers and drove nearly $40 million of the increased O&M. Similar to last year, we also took some of the financial strengths of our electric utility and reinvested over $20 million after-tax into the core assets and operations. In 2013, a comparable level to what we did in 2012. For DTE Gas, 2013 operating earnings were $28 million above 2012, with the primary driver being colder than normal weather and 2013 combined with the unusually warm weather in the winter of 2012. Similar to electric utility, we took some of the financial streak and invested close to $10 million after-tax directly into the business. Detailed year-over-year operating earnings for loss of the utilities are provided in the appendix. For the non-utilities, gas storage and pipeline operating earnings are up $9 million a strong growth in our pipeline assets, particularly offset by lower storage earnings. In particular, we are experiencing increased volumes and revenue at Bluestone and related gathering investments that Gerry touched on earlier. Our industrial earnings are also higher for the year by $18 million, driven by increased earnings from our reduced emission fuel projects and our significant on-site energy project portfolio acquisition that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2012. Finally, our trading company is now $15 million year-over-year due to the mix of transactions and associated accounting recognition timing. I will talk more about the operating earnings results for trading company in a moment when I discuss 2014 guidance. First, I want to talk about the new trading related operating earnings adjustment related to mark-to-market accounting and economic hedges related to pipeline transactions in the Northeast. As many of you know, the Northeast region of the country experienced significant weather related gas price increases at the end of last year. Turning to Slide 22, as it covers the new operating earnings adjustment that takes out the noise related to mark-to-market accounting on the economic hedges related to the gas, buy-sale and transport transactions in the Northeast and provide detail on the associated roll on to timing. These transport deals have three components. The buying of gas at a fixed price, the contracted cost of transporting the gas and the sale of gas at a fixed price, the economics of the transaction are locked in. According to U.S. GAAP, the buy and sale ends of the transaction are on mark-to-market accounting, whereas the middle component of the transport is not, but the well-known year end spike in gas prices in the Northeast to gas side, sales side of these transactions had a significant mark-to-market unrealized loss. Majority of this will turn around in the first quarter with the delivery of the underlying gas. The accounting of the transaction completely converges to the economics of the transaction once all the gas is delivered. This type of operating earnings adjustment is not uncommon and is used with other energy companies where hedges have received mark-to-market accounting treatment, are used to secure the economics of the transaction. Without this operating earnings adjustment, there would be a large unrealized operating loss in 2013 for our trading segments followed by corresponding large offsetting operating gain in 2014. This adjustment take out that noise about a reflect the performance of the business. Slide 23, now we are looking forward to 2014. This slide provides our operating earnings guidance for the year. As Gerry mentioned, we are raising our guidance mid-point from $4.27 per share to $4.30 per share while also narrowing our EPS guidance range from $0.24 to $0.20. Number of factors are driving this improvement. First, we are targeting zero equity issuance in 2014, which means we are deploying over $2 billion in capital this year with no need for additional equity issuance. We are also raising 2014 earnings expectations for DTE Electric and Gas Storage and Pipelines. For electric utility, we see more benefit favorability driven by changes in the discount rates for post-retirement expenses. Moving on to our cash flows, we are also raising our 2014. - I'd like to take a moment to discuss our guidance for the trading company. For the year, the trading company has been a great source of cash for DTE Energy, while also providing valuable market insights to our other businesses. In 2013, Energy Trading produced $21 million of economic net income with a coming up operating results of $3 million loss. We provided in the appendix a standard reconciliation of economic net income to operating earnings. As I indicated on prior calls, our trading company has gone through a transitional period, where we are moving a portion of this transaction mix from short-term financial transactions that accrue earnings immediately to transactions that are more physical in nature and will occur in earnings over several years. The goal is to create a product mix that has longer streams of earnings and cash. As we move to this new mix, accounting earnings will lag economic contribution of the business, similar to what occurred in 2013. Given the strong performance of our utilities and growth-oriented non-utility businesses, we have the opportunity to have 2014 guidance not depend on operating income contribution from our trading business. Accordingly, we have set the Energy Trading earnings guidance for 2014 at zero. A new way to think about our 5% to 6% earnings goal is to focus on our growth business or operating earnings before energy trading contribution. We do expect future year earnings contribution from our trading segment but it'll be additive to our 5% to 6% goal. Now, I am moving onto cash flows on Slide 24. In 2013, our cash from operations was $2.2 billion, the same level as 2012, $300 million higher than our original guidance. Free cash flows improved $200 million over last year from reduced capital spending at our non-utilities, primarily due to the acquisition of the on-site energy portfolio in 2012. The strength in cash in 2013 was a major enabler in our ability to target zero equity issuance in 2014. Slide 25 provides our cash guidance for 2014. We see lower cash from operations, due to the lower utility surcharge collections than in 2013 and higher planning contributions to our employee benefit plans in 2014. Capital expenditures increased year-over-year with higher environmental and renewable energy spending at DTE Electric and spending on our growth projects for the non-utilities. On the next slide, you can see that our balance sheet remains strong with leverage and FFO metrics in line with our targets. As I mentioned before, we are targeting zero equity issuances in 2014. We anticipate annual equity issuances of $200 million to $300 million in 2015 and 2016. As Gerry mentioned, in our 2013 accomplishments, our financial success and solid risk profile were recognized with credit upgrades at all three rating agencies. Additionally, in January of 2014, Moody's upgraded DTE Energy and its two utilities, maintaining our strong credit rating's fundamental for our business strategy. Finally, let me wrap up on Slide 27, and then we will take your questions. Our investment thesis and shareholder value creation approaches has been consistent year-after-year, deliver EPS growth of 5% to 6%, while providing an attractive dividend and maintaining a strong balance sheet. This approach has delivered 7% growth since 2008. When coupled with our dividend, which has grown 5.4% over the last three years, it provides total return in excess of our targeted 9% to 10% total shareholder return. Our utility growth that Gerry laid out for you is occurring in a growing Michigan economy and a very constructive regulatory environment. We know we have to earn this constructive regulatory environment every day. Our work on operational excellence, cost management and customer satisfaction will do both, good things for customers and help make sure we keep that constructive regulation. As Gerry outlined, upfront on the call we got some very solid earning opportunities at our non-utility businesses, and those give us a nice lift to the growth opportunities that we have at our utilities and provide more certainty to our 5% to 6% longer term earnings growth target. With that, I will wrap it up and thank you for joining us. Nova, we hope you now open up for the questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) We'll take our first question from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Good morning, guys. I apologize if you just went over this. I thought you pulled off for a second when you were on the topic. On the way you are going to present the trading business going forward is this exclusion of mark-to-market on these particular contracts going to be a feature of how you present your numbers in the future or is that some kind of a sort of materiality threshold that will govern that?
Peter Oleksiak: Jonathan, yes. This is how we will be presenting it in the future. As we move more to these physical type of deals, derivative accounting treatments will be occurring on these type of deals, so you will see this going forward.
Gerry Anderson: It may not be as material, Jonathan, we don’t expect to get this sort of weather every year.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Absolutely this is how you will do it going forward and the difference in the annual guidance is basically because some of the reversal occurs in 2015?
Gerry Anderson: Well, a couple of things. This is how we will do it, because it's frankly kind of silly to have a fully hedged transaction produce a big down and a big up or you could have a flip through a big up and big down and none of it means anything, so from an accounting perspective which is a lot clear to do it this way. In terms of the earnings level, I think what Peter was saying is, I think we had a modest loss in trading last year. We look at our earnings goals for this year. We can fully achieve that with our asset based businesses, our guidance is based on that. The growth of our asset based businesses. Frankly in the future, we would like to keep the guidance for our trading modest. What we expect to earn profits from the business over time, but I think you all could just look at those as additive cash flow to what we are doing in the other business.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Thanks Gerry. Then just on the Gas Pipeline and Storage business, you talked a lot about incremental opportunities. Are you still in the sort of mode of you like the things in front of you and you want to see those on a standalone basis or is the dynamic in that business sort of increasingly - does it make it more interesting to try and look for other partnership with somebody we could step up scale of what you're doing there?
Gerry Anderson: We always have been open to partnerships that were a good strategic fit, so I won't say that we are not open to or interested in that. We would be, but the current pace and level of activity around Millennium, Bluestone and our gathering in Pennsylvania and the degree of interest, the intensified interest in Nexus adds plenty in front of our team right now to execute put in place, so they are feeling a need for it to grow the business the way we talked about.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Andrew Weisel with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Capital: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. First is an easy one. Am I reading it correctly that the guidance for '14 Gas does not reflect any of the weather that we have seen year-to-date?
Gerry Anderson: We have not reflected any of the early year weather in our guidance. Weather can change as you move through the year across both, the electric and the gas utilities. Obviously, it's been a positive for both our gas and electric business to start the year, but we'll just watch that as the year goes on. It gives us a strong starting point and will help us offset any bumps we run into if we do.
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Capital: Okay. Great. Next question on the Storage and Pipelines business. You sound more enthusiastic, it sounds like you have got this new third expansion to Millennium and the enthusiasm from Southwestern and the LDC seem higher than what you have talked about in the past. My question is, when you showed the five-year outlook to 2018, there's no change, so at the very least, why haven't you moved some of the white box down into the more specific project contributions and what would it take to make you increases those targets?
Gerry Anderson: Well, that's a good question and I think really, we evaluate that. We haven't evaluated the mix in the past month, I'd say. As some of these things become firm, so we pull an expansion in that wasn't part of the mix previously and it becomes firm or Nexus just becomes that much clear. I think you will see us shifting the mix of to-be-determined and what we think we have locked down, but you're right, we haven't changed that since we showed it to you a few months ago. You are also right that the tenure and the feel of things have changed over the past few months. I've always said that the Gas Storage and Pipeline business, the nature of the conversations can flip on you in a hurry and people can go from, well, that's interesting, and let's talk about it too. Why can't you give me that tomorrow, and it can happen in the course of month or two, and the reason that it happens is that those companies are evaluating their capital investment plans, their strategic interests and they are evaluating the marketplace. The combination of people thinking about their strategies at year end and the incredible strain on the gas pipeline system that emerged late last year and early this year has made an awful lot of people in the industry sit up and realize that we are going to need a lot of new assets to get all this gas to market. That combined with the strength of the Utica Shale, when we are talking about Nexus, and just incredible price blow out in the Northeast when we are talking about Millennium, has got people anxious to move.
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Capital: Okay. Great, and did I hear you say that in addition to the obvious demand side interest, the producers seem happier with what they are seeing in terms of results than what they had said in the past? Is that – did I hear you right?
Gerry Anderson: Utica in particular, I think the results in the Susquehanna County and Pennsylvania are well-known as continuing to be very strong. Southwestern is the best spokesperson for that and it's really them and other producers who are drilling the wells, but they continue to have very good results. In the Utica, yes, I think we do continue to see strong, bullish, whatever you want to call it, results and here producers are talking about the scale of what is going to happen there and the scale is large and it will be constrained by infrastructure to get the gas to market, so they are now transitioning from evaluating the resource to believing that and now they got to get it to market. The other thing you hear them thinking about is, what market and they are clearly places that take it that are better than others. A lot of it's been taken south to this point, but the basis to Michigan and Ontario if you watched in the recent year was strong, and those are growing markets. Demand for gas in Ontario is growing same is true in Michigan, particularly as we transition our generation fleet. Then our Vector Pipeline reaches into Chicago, Wisconsin and so forth, I think there is a lot of interest in reaching those markets with Utica gas.
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Capital: Very good. Then one last one if I can. When I compare the 2013 actual CapEx of the utilities versus the guidance that you had put out most recently it was a little bit light by about $140 million. Just wondering is that a timing issue? Is there anything in terms of cost savings that you've identified from the capital side and how does that tie in? Is that the reason that you were able to offset the equity mid-this year?
Peter Oleksiak: This is Peter. The reduction actually is a combination of continuous improvement in our environmental capital spend as well as timing related to that. And I'd say that plus our strength in the operating cash flow actually is really a key enabler and us be able to take the equity issuance down to zero.
Gerry Anderson: We had cash flow strength in a lot of fronts this past year when you looked at it and that became clear as last year played out that the need for equity this year was going to go away, so the $300 million or so that we had planned we just took off the table and we will be able to keep our credit metrics right where we want them without issuing.
Operator:
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Capital: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Hi, Gerry. Good morning. Just to kind of clarify Slides 15 and 16 together on Gas Storage and Pipelines. The Bluestone lateral expansion and Millennium 2 expansion, those are in the core growth and Nexus and then the kind of other gathering pipeline expansions Millennium 3, those would all be in that new project box or upside to that?
Gerry Anderson: Yes. I would say that Nexus, we have talked about as being in the new project box or in that timeframe. In some of the things that we considered possible, but not yet locked in like some of these expansions that we are beginning to see come into our window, we also get some of those in the new project development. One of the things we will do for you guys is give you an update on what we think is in the locked abound portion of these and what we've received to be in new project development. Next time around, we will give you a good, clearer delineation of those things.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Okay. Then just any update on the kind of what to expect on Michigan Legislation, this year and alike on the kind of electric reforms. How do you think that process is going?
Gerry Anderson: I would say a couple of things. One is that this is going to be a year, primarily for discussion of future policy. It's clear that there is a lot of thinking going on about future generation policy. I mentioned that earlier, but people also want to understand the future renewables that program is playing out in the state as of 2015 and there is diverse thinking about what the future should be. The same is true for energy efficiency, so I foresee this year principally being focused on the administration, the commission and a number of other parties trying to reach some common ground on those topics. You mentioned the choice issue. I don't think the administration or the Public Service Commission see expanded choice as a stable base to build the future of Michigan's energy infrastructure around. The Governor is pretty clear. He sees it as a free option, kind of like having the access to your fixed rate mortgage and your variable rate mortgage both, whenever you want it. It's just not reality. When you try to build an important industry around a structure that's unstable, you get bad results. I will tell you watching deregulated markets trying to deal with the stresses that emerged this year and the stresses that are coming as markets get tighter, we better watch it. Those markets are in trouble and I think an increasing number of observers believe that. I don't think Michigan has an appetite for stepping into that. For example, there's a bill that's being introduced in the House on deregulation, we see those pop up every now and then. I don't think there is serious interest in that and I don't think it'll clear.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will take our next question match Matt Tucker with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi. Good morning and congrats on a nice year. First question. Could you comment on the extent to which the decision to bring the Energy Trading guidance to zero is driven by a change in market conditions versus a change in strategy that you described versus just want to be conservative by kind of pointed out of the equation?
Gerry Anderson: Just go through the last year. Last year, our economic earnings at trading were $21 million, economic earnings in cash in this business – this business over the past decade has produced about $0.5 billion in cash over the past five years, about $300 million? Yes. What we find over time is the economic earnings converge with gas one-to-one. The economic earnings this past year were $21 million. The accounting earnings were minus $3 million. We have seen the environment produce fewer opportunities. If you look back over time, our economic earnings used to be larger. It's an opportunity for us when we look at the balance of the company and see it, those utilities and non-utility business is able to support very healthy EPS growth. It's an opportunity for us to take trading down to a zero level, not premise our earnings growth on it and essentially say to you, hey, if it produces some upside in the coming year, it's great. We don't intend for it to be a big piece of the picture. As I said a couple of percent, and that's kind of the way we would like to posture it heading forward.
Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets: I guess long-term then, is there a kind of a new normal earnings run rate you'd expect post-2014?
Gerry Anderson: It will be over time in line with the economic earnings with the recent years have been in that $20 million range.
Peter Oleksiak: $20 million to $25 million.
Gerry Anderson: $20 million to $25 million, but how that comes into and out of accounting varies because of the accounting rules, so, I think what we are really looking to do is take the up and down noise out of that, give you, I guess, it's right to say conservative guidance there, because we don't want your perception of our earnings hinging on that. We would like it to be focused on the utilities and our non-utility businesses if we get some earnings contribution from trading grade.
Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Got it. Thanks. Then just on O&M, with the utilities. In '13, you had a weather benefit at both and you kind of used that opportunity to utilize your lean and best strategy and ramp up O&M, can you just talk directionally about O&M in '14 and if you continue to see a weather benefit? Will more of that start to flow to the bottom line?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. We targeted in our operating groups in our planning cycle for flat O&M, so we take the reinvestment as incremental. We take that off when we do our planning for the following year. Right now, we are planning on flat O&M. Now, having said that, for instance, we have a strong start here and the weather and we know there's a lot of the year left, but that continues on. We will take some of that and reinvest that back into our utilities. We really are focused on keeping our utilities strong for the long-term, so both utilities are in a stay-out, so I don't from a rate proceeding and we would like to take that opportunity where we can to take extra revenue and put it back into our core assets from those utilities.
Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Just a follow-up to that, can you quantify how much of the '13 O&M you viewed as kind of being above the base level?
Peter Oleksiak: Between the two utilities combined, it's now $50 million pre-tax, so it's roughly, call it around, $20 million at our Gas Utility, $30 million at the Electric Utility.
Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thanks a lot guys
Operator: We will take our next question from Michael Weinstein with UBS.
Michael Weinstein - UBS: Hi, guys. Could you talk about your impact of interest rates on pension expense, benefit expense? I think you had mentioned earlier that that was expected to decline in the fourth quarter and how it will affect 2014 as well?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. For 2014, the pension accounts capability was roughly $15 million. We have baked that into guidance. That is; one, if you look at the DTE Electric guidance versus pre-outlook we have increased guidance and its related to the discount rate change.
Michael Weinstein - UBS: Great. Just curious, the news on - the Utica play sounds very good, very positive. I think there is a lot of growth there and I am wondering if I'm wondering if at some point you might consider alternative financing structures, or if the need for equity might get - if the growth rate is so fast, so high - interest is intense will you have to consider alternative methods of financing fast growth.
Gerry Anderson: We have got it modeled in our five-year plan now and it's not pressuring our equity. In fact, these businesses tend to be strong contributors to your FFO to debt. They throw off a lot of cash, so they have a – they improve your credit metrics as you build them out, as long as you do it well, but our projects in this area have been credit strengtheners in recent years. In terms of MLP, we have said pretty consistently that we don't think we have the scale right now. We haves got a lot of growth out in front of us. We don't want to be pursuing growth or get into the pursuit of growth or acquisitions to feed an MLP. They may come when we have accumulated the scale that alternative structure would make sense. I think what we see in the near-term is pursuit of what we think is a good slate of organic growth opportunities that should have that business growing at a 15% plus clip. Then, over time as we watch the scale, we'll ask the question again.
Michael Weinstein - UBS: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Andy Levi with Avon Capital.
Andy Levi - Avon Capital: …guys. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will take our next question from Paul Patterson, Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: All my questions have answered. Just the Power and Industrials, it seems that there was a little bit of a scale down on the renewal projects and the industrial ones in terms of the numbers. I know that the profitability didn't change or anything. I'm just wondering has anything changed or is that's just sort of optimization and why did they not, I guess, impact earnings or the earnings guidance?
Gerry Anderson: Maybe you could clarify your question when you say there's been a scale down.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Well, it looks like the number of projects, from at least where I remember in the EEI, were a little bit higher. I think renewable was 27 now they are 25 and industrial, was 42 now I have 33?
Peter Oleksiak: Yeah. Slide 18, kind of lays it out, reduced emissions fuel, what we've been seeing for the last several years, it's been $60 million now we are saying $70 million and the renewable energy is at a $35 million and the renewable energy is at a $35 million target for 2018.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I know that the earnings, there's no changing in the earnings, but I just thought the projects themselves - the number of [projects] - I was suggesting there was a change in them. I just was wondering if there was anything like that.
Gerry Anderson: No. There's nothing fundamental in the project accounts. If they changed it, it may be just the way they were categorized or aggregated. Anastasia is nodding her head.
Peter Oleksiak: That is more grouping of contracts and projects.
Gerry Anderson: Nothing material there.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Then going back to the slide where we talked about the Millennium Project, the map, so to speak, is Millennium 3 in there? I mean, I'm just sort of wondering, is Millennium part of that or where would that show up?
Gerry Anderson: It's in the solid.
Peter Oleksiak: It's in the solid, - would be $40 million.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. When you talk about what's happened with respect to the increased interest because of the volatility and everything we have seen, how should we think about the potential expansion beyond that solid blue line or is there any?
Gerry Anderson: When you say the solid blue, you mean the solid gold there on 16?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I guess, I'm looking at Slide 14. I'm just wondering what kind of opportunities you guys see in terms of the bottlenecks and everything that apparently are causing some concern obviously on the part of customers. You have been mentioning that why people are now more interested. I'm just wondering if that might show up.
Gerry Anderson: Okay. On Millennium, I think we always thought there would be expansions, multiple expansions and those are included in the solid colors on the following slide, but I think both the pace and the potential scale of those expansions may play out to be larger than we thought and there maybe follow-on expansions that could come after that. The other thing I would say is that, the gathering around Bluestone, it's grown quickly this past year. We have made major investments there, we will again this year, but it's clear that the scale and pace of what Southwestern is pursuing there is ramping up. It's a great resource for them and we are partner for them there, so we are very focused on doing well for them and continuing to grow there. Then, Nexus, we have always said Nexus is kind of the next platform that would play out at the end of the five-year period. As I have tried to make clear, we have always felt good about it, because the fundamental seemed right to us but it has been a real strong uptick in perception from counterparties over the past couple of months.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Gerry Anderson: Yes.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Gerry Anderson for any closing remarks.
Gerry Anderson: Well, I would just like to reiterate that we feel we had a really good year this past year and I come into 2014 with a high degree of confidence that we can deliver you another good year. We look forward to keeping you abreast of developments as things emerge this year. Thanks for joining us this morning. We look forward to seeing you all out on the road. Take care.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Member of Internal Risk Management Committee Peter B. Oleksiak - Senior Vice President and Member of Internal Risk Management Committee Daniel G. Brudzynski - Former Vice President
Analysts: Matthew Davis - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Andrew Levi Ashar Khan
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the DTE Energy Hosted Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dave Meador. Please go ahead, sir.
David E. Meador: Thanks, Andrea, and I apologize to you for that music while you're on hold there. We were hoping to have Tigers theme song playing while you're on hold, but that didn't work out so well this year. Maybe next year. But good morning, and welcome to our third quarter 2013 earnings call. And before we get started, I encourage you to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Moving on to Slide 3. With me this morning are Peter Oleksiak, our Senior VP of Finance; Dan Brudzynski, our Vice President and Treasurer; and Anastasia Minor, our Director of Investor Relations. I also have members of the management team with me, if needed, during the Q&A session. Looking at Slide 4 on the agenda here. We're going to provide results on the third quarter performance and also update you on our financial goals for the rest of the year. Gerry Anderson will be presenting at the EEI Conference in a couple of weeks, where he'll provide you an in-depth business update and details on the growth plans. So this morning, I'll focus the call on the quarter and the remainder of the year, but as always, I'd be happy to take questions on any topic. So moving to Slide 5. This is an overview of our business strategy and investment thesis. Our growth plans for the next 10 years of both utilities are robust. Our electric utilities growth over the next 5 years is driven by operational investments, environmental controls, renewable energy, and then if you look out to the second 5 years, new generation, which is going to replace some of our coal fleet, but the gas utility growth is driven by infrastructure investments and meter relocation. We also have meaningful low-risk growth at our non-utility businesses, and they provide diversity, both in earnings and geography. And as I have said, we'll provide more details for all these businesses at EEI in a couple of weeks. We operate in a very supportive regulatory environment, and we work hard every day to continue to earn that construct. Our effort, as you know, begins with highly engaged workforce and an ongoing focus on continuous improvement. This enables us to continue our cost savings track record. And also, it enables our utilities to consistently earn their authorized returns. We also continue to focus on operational excellence and customer satisfaction that we believe is distinctive in our industry. Our dividend payout range is 60% to 70% of earnings, and we target a strong BBB credit rating. Our strategy altogether provides for a consistent 5% to 6% earnings growth and attractive and increasing dividend and all of that with a strong balance sheet. If you turn to Slide 6. This is our earnings and dividend growth slide that we've shared with you in the past. We remain confident that our growth plans will deliver our 5% to 6% earnings per share growth. In fact, for this year, we're tightening our range on our guidance of $3.95 to $3.14, and we're going to affirm our $4.05 midpoint, which Peter will go over in a little bit more detail in a minute. The midpoint provides 6.6% growth over our weather-normalized earnings of last year, which were $3.80. We're also reiterating our confidence in our 2014 early outlook, midpoint of $4.27 per share, which provides about 5.5% growth and which is right in line with our long-term growth outlook. But back to the chart, if you look on the left-hand side, you can see we've actually exceeded our commitment of 5% to 6% growth by delivering 7% annual growth from 2008 to 2014. As you know, we increased our dividend each year, starting in 2010, and earlier this year, we increased it to $2.62, which was a 5.6% increase. Based on the $4.05 earnings per share midpoint this year, that dividend gives us about a 65% payout. And as our earnings continue to grow, we would expect to grow our dividend over time. And then on the bottom, you can see our overarching goal is to earn $1 billion by 2017, and we're well on our journey to do that. Turning to Slide 7. The Michigan economic turnaround continues. We have actually one of the better economic growth rates in the nation, which by the way, when Peter talks about our load numbers, it's directly reflected in our load growth. If you look at that measures that we track, auto production, housing starts, new customers, unemployment, just to name a few metrics, they all continue to trend very positively. We're also being recognized by many external organizations in areas that demonstrate progress that Michigan is making. On the bottom of Page 7, we've just highlighted a handful of these. If I included all of them, I'd have to have more pages in the presentation. As the state continues its strong economic comeback, the city of Detroit continues to work through the resizing of city government. We are in the bankruptcy filing that happened earlier this year. This is the first step in Detroit's recovery, and we believe the process will address its financial problems in a sustainable way. We also continue to believe there will be no impact on DTE Energy as a result of the bankruptcy. I realize how Detroit's often portrayed in the national news, which is not often showing the signs of the city moving forward and the progress that's really being made that we see every single day here. There's a lot of positive momentum on economic development and job creation and real estate development in the city. For example, Google recently named Detroit 1 of 7 new entrepreneur technology hubs in the entire country. Detroit was 1 of the 7. So I'm very confident that Detroit and Michigan will continue this positive momentum and will come out stronger both as a region and a state. While I'm discussing the city and the state, it's a good time just to mention the energy policy work that's going on in Michigan. The MPSC is currently issuing its fact-finding reports. They came out of a collaborative work with stakeholders over the last year. Final reports on the 4 areas, which were energy efficiency, renewable energy choice and then other considerations, and an example on that bucket would be electric reliability, are expected to be issued by the end of November. These findings should help set the foundation for the governor's long-term energy policy recommendations. We expect the governor to take a balanced approach for the state, ensuring that the policy makes sense for Michigan residents. Now moving to our financial overview on Slide 8. We continue to have strong results in 2013, and we're very confident in our earnings guidance midpoint. And we've tightened the guidance range, as I've mentioned, to $0.20. Our year-to-date operating earnings of $3.09 per share are up $0.01 from 2012. Third quarter operating earnings were $1.13 per share compared to $1.30 last year. It's important to remember that we experienced extremely warm weather last year. In fact, it was one of the warmest summers on record, and it provided the electric utility $40 million of favorability in the third quarter of last year. This year's electric sales returned to a more weather normal condition. And like the second quarter of this year, we experienced lower benefit expenses due to our benefit design changes that we made. Our gas utility earnings returned to a more typical performance in the third quarter. Last year, the gas business benefited by a number of onetime items that are not repeated this year. We're very confident in our earnings targets for gas, and we're raising our guidance for the segment to a range of $125 million to $130 million, which is a $10 million increase. And Peter will take you through the details in a minute. The balance sheet remains strong, and we generated approximately $1.7 billion in cash from operations year to date. We're increasing our cash flow guidance for 2013 primarily due to improved working capital and summary timing of capital investments at DTE Electric. So we're on track to meet our balance sheet goals for 2013 with a strong credit rating from each of the agencies. Before I turn it over to Peter, I just wanted to comment briefly on the challenges around quarterly earnings guidance, which we don't provide, and the consensus that comes out from sell-side analysts. As you know, our overarching goal is to deliver for the year both our guidance at midpoint, and to earn our authorized return at both utilities, and we have an established track record of doing that. We've explained in the past how we're managing our O&M, primarily around weather with our lean and invest strategy. This year, changes in retiree health care triggered $60 million to $70 million of favorability earlier in the year. And when you couple that with the first quarter gas favorability, we started out the year in a very strong position. So we initiated higher O&M for reinvestment in the second quarter and the third quarter. Normally, reinvestment based on weather favorability would have been timed later in the year. So we actually launched our reinvestment strategy much earlier than we do normally. But given that background, even with lower trading earnings, we're very confident in the $4.05 for the year. And as you know, we always plan the year and the forward years with some contingency in our planning. So with that background, let me turn it over to Peter, and he'll go through some more details on the quarter.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. I'll just start with Slide 10 on the third quarter earning results. For the quarter, DTE Energy's operating earnings are $1.13. As a reminder, there's a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings included in the appendix. The 2 utilities, DTE Electric contributed $1.02, and DTE Gas, which typically incurs an operating loss in the third quarter, came in at a $0.07 loss. The non-utility segments combined to earn $0.21 for the quarter. The drivers for the non-utility results are Gas Storage & Pipelines at $0.09, our Industrial Projects at $0.15 and the Energy Trading segment at a loss of $0.03. Finally, Corporate & Other had a loss of $0.03 as well. Let's move to Slide 11, a summary of the quarter recorded performance by segment. DTE Electric contributed $15 million less earnings year-over-year, and DTE Gas had a decrease in earnings of $17 million. I'll cover details around our both our electric and gas utilities in a moment. Operating earnings for our 2 non-utility growth segments are up a combined $7 million in the quarter, offset by a loss in our Trading business. Our Gas Storage & Pipelines segment for the quarter, earnings growth in our pipeline assets is partially offset by lower storage earnings. Incremental pipeline growth is starting to flow through the bottom line in the second half of the year as volumes increase in our Bluestone and related gathering investments. Power & Industrial earnings are also higher for the quarter, driven by increased earnings from our reduced emissions fuel projects and our on-site energy project portfolio acquisition that occurred last year. Year-over-year growth in the segment will continue for the remainder of the year. At Energy Trading, accounting for economic hedges related to longer-term transactions and economic earnings not yet realized for accounting purposes is driving the loss for the quarter. The economic income for the quarter is comparable to last year. In the appendix, we've included our standard Energy Trading slides to show both economic and accounting performance. Finally, our Corporate & Other segment came in favorable by $4 million from last year due primarily to lower interest and taxes. I'd like to now turn the talk to the 2 utilities in more detail, starting with the electric utility, if you turn to Page 12. The DTE Electric earnings variance is mainly driven by the return to relatively normal weather this quarter compared to the 2012 abnormally hot weather. Actually, cooling degree days last summer and the quarter were 40% higher than normal compared to this year, which actually was relatively close to weather normal. This weather difference is driving $40 million in lower earnings in 2013. I know individuals on this call are always interested in what's happening with our underlying electric service territory load. We continue to see growth in underlying load with temperature-normalized sales growth at 3% in the quarter compared to the same quarter last year. And actually, for the year, on a year-to-date basis, normalized sales are 2% higher in 2013 and actually is driven by growth in all of our segments. Also driving year-over-year earnings is reduced benefit expense. Dave mentioned that in his opening remarks. As you recall, on the first 2 quarterly calls, I talked about structural cost changes we made to retiree health care plan. This benefited electric earnings this quarter by $14 million. Typically, we don't talk about the next quarter on the call, but looking to the fourth quarter drivers for the electric business, we'll see a lot of quarter-over-quarter growth driven by the benefit expense reduction, which will flow and improve the fourth quarter results and also by significant reinvestment spending last year that occurred in the fourth quarter that's not occurring this year. Just as a reminder, last year we did spend $20 million of reinvestment really driven by that weather favorability with the majority of that occurring in the fourth quarter. Moving on to DTE Gas on Slide 13. As I mentioned earlier, the gas business typically sustains a small loss in the quarter. In fact, the DTE Gas showed earnings of $4 million in the third quarter, and 2012 is atypical for the gas company and is driven mainly by short-term cost reduction actions or lean actions the company took to offset its slow start to the year last year. During the earnings call last quarter, I talked about reinvestment into our core utility assets that would be occurring in this year. For DTE Gas, this drove $6 million of the variance of this quarter from 2012. An increase in rate base-related expenses is the primary driver in the other variance of $5 million. Let me now move to the total enterprise and the guidance for the remainder of the year. As shown on Slide 14, we are nearing our EPS guidance from $0.30 to $0.20 while we're maintaining our midpoint of $4.05 for all of our segments. In addition, we are remixing our 2013 earnings guidance, reflecting strong earnings at our gas utilities and the economic earnings that will not be realized for accounting purposes this year at our Energy Trading segment. At DTE Electric, growth in the electric sales as well as renewable investments and lower benefit expense have funded our reinvestment activities. We expect DTE Electric to achieve the guidance range of $480 million to $490 million. At DTE Gas, year-to-date earnings have been very strong, driven by favorable weather, higher weather normalized consumption and lower benefit expense. We'll continue O&M reinvestment in the last quarter of the year at our gas utility segment funded primarily by this usage and benefit expense favorability. As I mentioned earlier, Gas Storage & Pipeline and Power & Industrial Projects segments are on track to achieve their guidance with the Bluestone Pipeline and Gathering system ramp-up and the incremental earnings associated with our reduced emissions fuel business line flowing through the remainder of the year. That concludes an update on our earnings for the quarter. And I'd like to turn the discussion over to Dan Brudzynski, who will cover cash flow and capital expenditures.
Daniel G. Brudzynski: Thanks, Peter, and good morning, everyone. Beginning on Slide 16 and our year-to-date cash flows. Through September, cash from operations is $1.7 billion, which is comparable to 2012 levels. Capital spending was slightly higher than last year due to increased spending at the electric utility and increased investments in our Bluestone pipeline and its related gathering assets. Electric utility capital is higher due to increased spending on our nuclear operations, system reliability and environmental projects, partially offset by the retiming of our renewable energy spend. Overall, DTE's net cash is down slightly year-over-year. Slide 17 lays out this detail for the year-to-date capital expenditures. You can see the increases in electric utility capital as well as the non-utility businesses, which as I said earlier, reflects increased investments in Bluestone. The gas utility is comparable to 2012's levels. Turning to Slide 18 and a look ahead for 2013. As David mentioned earlier, we are increasing our cash flow guidance for 2013 with cash from operations expected to be slightly higher than the original guidance and capital spending expected to be slightly lower. Our increased cash guidance is driven by the timing of surcharge collections at DTE Electric. Our prior guidance had assumed recovery of these under collections over 2013 and 2014 and also lower corporate tax payments. The change in capital is primarily due to the retiming of dry sorbent injection, or DSI, installations based on a 1-year compliance extension that was granted by the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality. And you can see that detail in the table on the right of that page. And finally, finishing up on Slide 19. As David mentioned, our balance sheet remains strong with leverage and FFO metrics in line with our targets. Our financing plan is on track. As we have issued approximately $300 million of equity into our benefit and DRIP plans by year end and the remaining DRIP plan in effect, we expect total equity issuance for the year to be slightly over that $300 million. We have issued about $800 million in debt and continue to have sufficient liquidity. And with that, I'll turn the discussion back over to Dave for some concluding comments.
David E. Meador: Thanks, Dan. Let me wrap up on Slide 21. As we laid out for you, we're on track to reach our 2013 earnings per share guidance and that we narrowed our guidance from $0.30 range to $0.20 range with a $5.05 -- $4.05 midpoint. We are increasing our cash flow guidance, and Dan took you through that. The balance sheet is exactly where we want it to be. Going forward, our robust operational and utility investments, together with low-risk non-utility growth opportunities, are expected to provide 5% to 6% annual earnings per share growth and dividend growth. As I mentioned, we'll be at EEI in a little over 2 weeks, and we hope to see many of you there. Gerry Anderson will be providing a detailed business update for each of our business segments. The presentation that Gerry will provide will begin at 11:15 Eastern Standard Time on Tuesday, November 12. For those of you not going to EEI, you'll be able to join that webcast through our Investor Relations website. And Andrea, with that, we'd like to open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Kevin Cole with Credit Suisse.
Matthew Davis - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: It's actually Matt Davis. Just a quick question on the O&M reimbursement program and the timing for this year and look -- in the fourth quarter and looking at it versus last year. I know you guys said that you had spent $20 million extra last year, and then this year, you kind of had reaccelerated that earlier in 2Q and 3Q. And so what kind of year-on-year changes, and what are we looking at in the fourth quarter?
Daniel G. Brudzynski: Yes. Last year was predominantly in that fourth quarter, so I would say about 3/4 of that. And then this year, we just have -- we've had some small remaining amount, but actually, the majority of it, if not all of it, has been spent already this year. Clearly, you'll see that fourth quarter last year flow to the bottom line.
Matthew Davis - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And how will this level of O&M flow into 2014? Should we expect this is kind of like a normalized level of O&M or increase, decrease?
Daniel G. Brudzynski: The reinvestment really is kind of on a year-by-year basis. So if you look at normalized O&M, I would take the reinvestment off of that. And we've described before, basically going through the year, we have a couple of different plans. One of them is the weather normal plan. The other one is more of an invest plan, if we get additional revenue in. So next year, we're projecting out -- as we talk about productivity and relatively flat O&M, but as we get into the year, we'll make the decision whether we reinvest.
David E. Meador: So long term -- well, first of all, we are still back at our 2005 O&M levels, which is about $1.5 billion, and our goal is to hold it a $1.5 billion through the next several years. So year-to-year, you might get some shifting back and forth, certainly quarter-to-quarter -- or quarter-over-quarter as you see this year. You'll see that happen, and we want to try to help you through that. So if you're looking forward, I would just assume that we're going to hold O&M flat as we have been, which is offsetting inflation and also offsetting new O&M that's coming into the business.
Matthew Davis - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then secondly, what kind of guidance are we -- should we expect to get at EEI? Are we going to be getting additional CapEx guidance, additional segment earnings guidance? What level of detail should we be expecting?
Daniel G. Brudzynski: Yes. We definitely will talk a little more detail around 2014. So you can expect an update around '14 guidance.
David E. Meador: And then we've already laid out, as you know, 10 years of CapEx for the utilities. There probably will be some refinement about there. There will probably be some more clarity about our thinking about the transformation of our coal fleet over time and how that plays out and plays hopefully into the governor's new energy policy and hopefully what we see transpiring in Washington. So I think we have a pretty good story to tell about over time, how some of the coal fleet will close just naturally because it's coming down to life and how that will be replaced and do that in conjunction with expanded renewable energy policy and so on. So I would expect Gerry to go into more detail on the utilities and energy policy and then clearly more details on the non-utilities.
Operator: Our next question will be from Andrew Weisel with Macquarie.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: It sounds like the utilities are strong. I appreciate the color you just gave me O&M reinvestments and 3% weather-adjusted load growth at the electric business, if I heard you right. Any change to your plans about the timing of the next round of rate case filings?
David E. Meador: No change right now.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes, no change, yes.
David E. Meador: Yes. We're still thinking that we are going to be filing next year for the electric business with new rates in '15. And the gas business that we are -- we have the infrastructure tracker and that with ongoing cost control is going to allow us to stay out 3 years or longer. So we go into '14 with a lot of stability and no rate cases.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Great. Next question on the pipelines. It sounds like Bluestone is ramping up pretty nicely. Can you give us an update on NEXUS, the Utica pipeline? Specifically, I'm curious what you're hearing from producers right now, when you think contracts might start being signed, and what might be a range of possible in-service dates?
David E. Meador: This is one of the projects that Gerry will talk more about at EEI. But just to generally give it some tone, we still get positive indication so that not only the demand for the gas in Michigan and Ontario at the Dawn connection, but also, as all of us are watching the wells in the Utica play, a lot of positive signs there. So I think what we're thinking our way through right now is as the Utica develops, which pipes in the region go through the expansion first. So either they're going to be additional compression or looped, and then at what point in time are there going to be new pipes built? And as this plays out, I still -- I would characterize this as very positive. And the timing right now in terms of in service, our thinking has not changed. I think it's in the 2016, 2017 time frame. But again, we'll give you more details at EEI.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Great. And then lastly, just for the Trading business, it sounds like some timing issues on accounting earnings versus economic. Given that you're basically a small loss year-to-date versus your updated guidance range, should we assume that catches up in the fourth quarter? Or might some of this fall into 2014? And for now, are you still comfortable with the $10 million to $30 million guidance range for 2014 earnings?
David E. Meador: You want to answer that, Peter?
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes, I will answer that. I guess first, I can talk about the guidance -- the overall timing. We do have in the appendix -- we do lay out the difference between the economic and the accounting and there's a $14 million timing in the quarter. There is -- a few million of that will come back in the fourth quarter. The rest of that actually will play through on 2014, 2016. And I wish I could take a moment and talk a little bit more around the timing that we're seeing. Actually, there's 2 pieces on this. One of them is related to economic hedges, and we talked about this in the past, kind of this one side of the accounting that occurs. So as we hedge in transactions, the accounting-related to those hedges actually kind of get mark-to-market versus more accrual base if one would be a transaction. Actually, there's a bigger piece of this timing that is tied to the mix of the types of transactions. Actually, this business, we're moving more towards from pure trading type of transactions that get immediate accounting and economic recognition to transactions related to origination deals and contracts tied to assets and actually the accounting of this flows with the transaction. So that describes some of the longer tail, and this roll-on is really tied to those transactions. But Andrew, one other -- you're talking about the guidance. Actually, the guidance, revised guidance is $5 million to $15 million. So we did take down the guidance for the segment.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: That was for this year. I was asking about next year.
David E. Meador: We're thinking our way through that. My general sense is, as you know, this is not part of our growth story at all. And over time, hopefully what you're going to see is our other -- you look at our non-utility businesses in the midstream and Power & Industrial, they're growing 15% to 20% per year. And just as a strategy, working with you all, I want to de-emphasize Trading. And so we're working our way through that. And either we'll have an update at EEI or when we finalize our guidance in January.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Tucker with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Most of my questions have actually been asked and answered. I guess I wanted to ask the first question kind of in a different way. When you look at the implied fourth quarter guidance on the electric side, it implies something like $30 million to $40 million year-over-year earnings growth or 50%-plus. Given weather was only drag about $5 million last year and assuming normal weather this year, should we assume most of that is coming from O&M? Or could you just talk a bit a little bit about the drivers there?
David E. Meador: It's probably split half. Some of that benefit favorability we're seeing in the third quarter. So you saw that level come through. That same level is going to come through in the fourth quarter. And the other, as I mentioned, we had a $20 million reinvestment last year. About 3/4 of that is going to flow through favorability in the fourth quarter.
Peter B. Oleksiak: And actually, as you look at the fourth quarter, what -- the implied fourth quarter, it is actually pretty typical for a fourth quarter result for the electric utility. Actually it's getting it back to more of a typical fourth quarter result.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got it. And kind of a similar question, maybe similar but opposite on the gas side. The guidance implies a pretty steep year-over-year drop-off. Is that again primarily just on O&M reinvestment?
Peter B. Oleksiak: That is correct.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next, we'll hear from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So you guys already asked about -- or answered regarding NEXUS. But on the Bluestone side, you had some developments in the quarter regarding new agreements, et cetera. Could you perhaps provide a little bit more color about added CapEx and perhaps further achievements after the Southwest deal?
Daniel G. Brudzynski: I would just tell you, this is an exciting time for us, an exciting time for that segment. So as you know, in the whole midstream space, the estimates over the next 10 years is there's going to be $1 trillion of investments made because you have to get this gas to market. And we're putting a lot of our muscle into not only what we can do on Bluestone, on the Bluestone area, with Southwestern and other producers, but we're also looking at what other opportunities there could be for us. So I would just characterize this as very positive. And not that we're coming out with any major announcements at EEI, but it's just something I think Gerry Anderson will talk more about at EEI. And then, as things develop here, certainly we'll provide more color around that. But we are talking to Southwestern as we speak about deepening and furthering our relationship not only in that basin but possibly in other basins.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And I presume that would involve the CapEx update at EEI, just to be clear?
David E. Meador: Yes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then just going back to the Trading side, just again to be clear on this one. It's clearly not necessary reversal in '13, but as you think about the accounting risk as the operating -- or I suppose that's the description, that would materialize in your operating earnings beyond 2013, so perhaps there's a little bit of a tailwind here into '14 and subsequent years?
Daniel G. Brudzynski: As far as the strategy to get these more origination or non-derivative type of transactions, it does kind of build some income base for this business over multiple years.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got you. Is there anything in particular you can point to for subsequent years here?
David E. Meador: Not at this time.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: You mentioned pretty specifically in the context of answering other questions that you expect to be able to hold your O&M absolutely flat over the next few years. Can you comment on what you're seeing? And I know interest rates have come back down from their peak, but in terms of what you're seeing in terms of changing discount rate on your pension plans, and how significant an O&M reduction on the GAAP pension expense you might be looking at and what your funding status might look like given where interest rates are today?
David E. Meador: Sure. And actually, before I do that, I want to correct myself. On O&M, we are striving for flat O&M. And at the same time, we're exploring further structural cost changes over time. And it's part of our strategy around trying to keep rates as low as possible for customers. So we have this one goal for O&M, and at the same time, we're looking for opportunities for step function changes. And I think at EEI, we'll talk more about that. An example of that is what we just did with retiree health care where this year, we're going to see $60 million to $70 million of benefit and on an annualized basis. Next year, it's $70 million to $80 million on retiree health care. So we continue to look for opportunities on that. On the pension side, and I'll ask Peter and Dan for help, the discount rate continues to move. You only measure that once a year. So you measure that at the end of the year. But we expect with interest rate movement here, the discount rate will go up and that, that in addition to real good returns on our assets, we're seeing our funded status go back up. Do you have those numbers, peter?
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes. And then you have the funded as over the 80%. So we're well on our way over the next few years to get fully funded. And I guess in the benefit, and as we talked about this, the strategy with the retiree health care, it really is part of our bridging strategy coupled with the need to stay out, as well as our affordability for our customers. And actually, next year, there is another portion since we had 2 changes. We have one on our salary plan, our union plan. And actually, the union plan, the benefits are flowing in the second quarter. But we're going to start to see some additional favorability. And that's why the group goes up to 70% to 80% from the 60% to 70%. So, and as you mentioned, there was another tranche of favorability that's coming related to discount rates. And actually, we like that. For next year, I said, once we really settle in what that accounting is and what it's going to be, we'll update you in terms of where we're at on our overall earnings as well as investment plans within utilities and if this holds it'll be good for our customers as well, in terms of overall...
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Just to be clear, this is completely away from retiree health care, but just on pension, given the way your performance has been and given where discount rates are trending, you would expect to have to fund less on a cash basis, A? Secondly, you would expect a significant reduction in your GAAP operating expense, is that correct?
David E. Meador: Over the next several years. So we -- as we mentioned, we're 82% funded, and we'll have a couple of years of cash contributions. Our goal is to be fully funded by 2016. We're already starting to shift our asset allocation in terms of immunizing our risk to future interest rates changes. So as we increase our funding, our cash contributions will be much less and our pension expense will be much less. And we will then have hopefully immunized ourselves to any future interest rate changes down the road. You're spot on on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a quick one. I want to make sure I heard you right. You talked about 3% versus the underlying electric sales growth. Was that the third quarter versus third quarter last year?
Daniel G. Brudzynski: Yes, that was -- it's kind of a third quarter over third quarter.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And it seems to have picked up slightly as you move through the year. What is your best guess where you're going to finish the year? And how are you thinking about 2014 and beyond?
Daniel G. Brudzynski: Yes. We think right now on a total year basis, we're going to be at the 2%. Actually, as you know, year-to-date, we're 2%. Residential, right now, year-to-date, is 2%. We think that'll settle in at 1%. And then our industrial will be settling at about 4% for the year. So we're thinking 2% there may be a little up -- bias upwards on the 2% but still thinking that it's going to be a 2% growth. And then on a go-forward basis, we're looking at about a 1% growth. And that's actually including energy efficiency, so net of efficiency.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: 1% net of efficiency going forward, is that how to break down between the segments roughly?
Daniel G. Brudzynski: I'd say it's probably residential relatively flat. That's typically how we've given usage, and that's where your energy efficiency programs are. And both the commercial and industrial are pretty relatively equal and make up that 1%.
Operator: We do have a follow-up question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Sorry, I wanted to follow up here just on transmission, actually. I mean, some of your peers out there have been talking about it of late. Any thoughts to perhaps pursuing something comparable?
David E. Meador: Not at this time. For those of you that were in Grand Rapids yesterday, I saw the PowerPoint from CMS also, and I'm curious to learn more about that. But we don't have any plans like that at this time.
Operator: We'll go next to Kit Konolige with BGC.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: On Bluestone, David, you talked about making some progress there. And I understand there'll be more detail at EEI. Can you just give us a sense of where you stand relative to your comments at the second quarter? You talked about, I think, $650 million of investment to go there and expectation that you could get to $100 million in earnings. The target was higher than that, and you talked about white space. Can you fill us in on what kind of progress you've made in those terms?
David E. Meador: We -- I'd rather hold that for EEI. We're making a lot of progress in filling in that white space and continue to get questions about can you grow this beyond the $120 million. And we have a fair number of balls in the air right now, but the answer is it possible yes, and that's what we're working our way through right now. Everything we see there, as you know, the amount of gas that's coming out of that Susquehanna County in particular is, I think, a paradigm shift for a lot of people. And so what you're seeing in the whole region, including our assets, is that over time, you're going to see pipes filling up. You're going to see expansions happening faster than people thought at Bluestone and at Millennium. And then there's ongoing opportunity for whether it'd be laterals tying to that Bluestone pipe or additional gathering system contracts. So whether it would be Southwestern and/or others, I think over time, you're going to see us come back with higher investment numbers and higher earnings than we've previously disclosed. That's not -- I don't think you're going to see us change our 2014 numbers, but there is a lot of positive activity in the space right now.
Peter B. Oleksiak: And Kit, this is Peter. I know the $650 million actually is kind of spend-to-date. We were thinking about and talking about this now as a go-forward spend. We're looking at $1 billion to $1.3 billion of capital on the segment from '13 on, and we'll give you an update at EEI in terms of where we're at.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Barnett with MorningStar Equity Research.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: So just a quick question on something smaller that you mentioned about your cash flow guidance for the year. You talked about the improvement, I guess, in working capital versus your plan. Is that something that's going to be more or less sustainable or kind of a non-repeatable thing that we shouldn't expect for 2014?
David E. Meador: I would characterize it as non-repeatable, more of a onetime.
Peter B. Oleksiak: It's related to underrecoveries. We have the PSCR, the GCR. We had some reconciliations around the choice tracker that went away roughly over a year ago. And we had some under-recoveries. We settled the cases, got them done earlier. So the collection on those under-recoveries started a little earlier. So they were -- we were planning them to bleed a little bit into '14, but it turns out that they'll occur mostly in '13.
Operator: We'll hear next from Andrew Levi with Avon Capital Advisors.
Andrew Levi: So just kind of sticking with the gas and the infrastructure. It sounds like things are moving along quite nicely, maybe a little bit faster than what you guys anticipated earlier in the year for the outer years. At what level of -- whether it's net income or capital opportunities, do you start to consider doing an MLP?
David E. Meador: As you know, we don't have an exact number. And we've said for some time that we needed to get more scale. And it wasn't just more scale on what I had today, but I also feel strongly that I need line of sight to an investment -- a set of investments. So as you know, when you set these up, you would have to have a pool of assets that you either currently own that you could drop in over time or a line of -- a good line of sight on investments going out many, many years, not 1 year or 2 years but more than that. And we're focused right now on the development side to create that pool of assets, either the assets I have on the ground right now or a line of sight on CapEx for multiple years. And that's where we're putting our time and energy. And over time, we'll clarify our thinking on MLP, but it's too early right now. We just don't have the scale on our view.
Andrew Levi: Okay. But I guess it's something that you're working towards, I guess is what's fair...
David E. Meador: Yes, where we're working towards and putting, as I've indicated, our shoulder into is the development side. And that's where we're putting all our time and energy and resources to see how we can grow this business and grow it in a high-quality way as we've done in other segments that we've -- it's just not earnings growth for earnings growth's sake. We're still trying to stick to our discipline and making sure we have high-quality returns.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to our follow-up question from Matt Tucker with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I apologize if you commented on this and I missed it. But there were several media reports earlier this week indicating that you'd all reached a deal to sell refined coal to Wisconsin Energy. Would that represent the placement of your eighth REF unit? Are you able to comment on that at all?
David E. Meador: Normally, we haven't been commenting on host sides because we're in the middle of placement and negotiation. So usually, I would say no. But they pulled an environmental permit. So it was disclosed, and that is the eighth unit. And we're working on the ninth unit that we hope to have placed and up and running in early 2014.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And what would be the timing on the operations of that eighth unit?
Daniel G. Brudzynski: Like spring.
David E. Meador: Normally, it's a 4- to 6-month period to construct, relocate and then get it up, test it and up and running. But this is all in line with not only next year's guidance but our longer-term guidance that we provided for that segment. So these relocations are happening on the right time line with the right tons of coal host locations. So everything is on track there.
Operator: And our final question today will come from Ashar Khan with Visium.
Ashar Khan: My questions have been answered.
Daniel G. Brudzynski: Good. Thank you.
David E. Meador: Okay, well, great. And thank you, everybody, for joining us. And again, for those of you that will not be at EEI, you can get the webcast presentation on November 12 at 11:15 through our website. And thanks again, and have a great day and a great weekend.
Operator: And with that, once again, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation, and have a great day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Member of Internal Risk Management Committee Peter B. Oleksiak - Senior Vice President and Member of Internal Risk Management Committee Daniel G. Brudzynski - Former Vice President
Analysts: Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Andrew Levi
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the DTE Energy Hosted Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Meador. Please go ahead, sir.
David E. Meador: Good morning, and thank you. And welcome to our second quarter 2013 earnings call. Before we get started, as always, I encourage you to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Turning to Slide 3. With me this morning are Peter Oleksiak, our Senior Vice President of Finance; Dan Brudzynski, our Vice President and Treasurer; and Anastasia Minor, our Director of Investor Relations. I also have members of the management team with me, if needed, during the Q&A session. So let's start by turning to Slide 5. This slide describes how our business strategy has driven consistent earnings and dividend growth while maintaining a strong balance sheet. As Gerry Anderson laid out at our May analyst meeting, our business strategy focuses on our system of priorities, and they allow us to achieve a consistent 5% to 6% earnings growth. We have a highly engaged workforce with an ongoing focus on continuous improvement. And with those together, that enables us to continue to drive cost savings, which we have a strong track record of doing. Together, with a constructive regulatory environment, our utilities have consistently earned their authorized returns. These efforts allow us to achieve operational excellence and customer satisfaction that we believe are distinctive in the industry. Our growth plans at both utilities are robust, with DTE Electric's growth driven by operational investments, mandated environmental controls and renewable energy. At DTE Gas, growth is driven by infrastructure investments and meter relocations. We also have meaningful low-risk growth opportunities in our non-utility businesses, and that provides both diversity in earnings and geography. Maintaining our targeted 60% to 70% dividend payout and a strong BBB credit rating and focusing on our system priorities has lead to superior financial performance that we believe will be sustained over the long term. Now if you turn to Slide 6. This is our earnings and dividend growth slide that we shared with you in the past, and I believe the story is a good one, with solid results from 2008 to present. In fact, we've exceeded our commitment of 5% to 6% earnings growth by delivering 7% annual growth from 2008 through our projected 2014 target. We're committed to the 5% -- 6% growth in the future and have achieved a plan that we believe will deliver these results. As you know, we increased our dividend earlier this year from $2.48 to $2.62, and that's a 5.6% increase. And based on our $4.05 earnings per share midpoint for this year, that dividend level provides a 65% payout, which is in line with our target. As earnings continue to grow, we would expect to grow our dividend. And the most important point on this page for me is our overarching aspiration on the bottom, which is to earn $1 billion by 2017. As we've described in the past, our 5% to 6% growth target is comprised of utility growth of 6% to 7% and non-utility growth of 15% to 20%. When you factor in dilution from modest equity issuances and contingency that we always plan for, we get back to our 5% to 6% overall growth target for DTE. In the next couple of slides, I'll take you through more details on that. So turning to Slide 7. I want to cover the growth of the 2 utilities. Our electric utility will invest $6.4 billion over the next 5 years, while earning its authorized return of 10.5%. This capital is driven by mandated capital investments and ongoing transition of our generation portfolio. Additionally, our rate case deferral strategy and our ability to lower operating expenses both contribute to providing affordable services to our customers at both utilities. At our gas utility, we expect to make just over $1 billion in new investments over the next 5 years. And like the electric utility, gas will earn its authorized return of 10.5%, while limiting additional rate increases to customers. This is enabled here by the new investment recovery mechanism, which will allow us to recover $400 million of investments. And both utilities benefit from an improving Michigan economy, which I'll cover in a few moments. Now turning to Slide 8. I want to cover the growth of the non-utility businesses, which comprise about 20% of our overall earnings. At our analyst meeting in May, we laid out in detail our growth story for these businesses, and we're on track to achieve those targets. Gas Storage & Pipelines targets a 10% to 15% earnings growth over this period with a 10% to 12% return on invested capital. This business has 3 asset platforms with a number of expansion opportunities. The platforms include, first, the Storage and Vector platform. The second one is the Marcellus platform, which is comprised of the Millennium Pipeline and then the Bluestone Pipeline and Gathering system, and then the Utica platform, which is an emerging platform for us with the proposed NEXUS pipeline. We have established solid partnerships with both pipeline and E&P players, and we manage our risk exposure through long-term contracts in this business. We're on track with our $1 billion to $1.3 billion targeted investment program for the segment over the next 5 years, and it's going to be significantly tied to the developments in the Marcellus platform. Our work here is progressing very well in the Marcellus Shale, and we're optimistic about our growth for the Bluestone Pipeline and Gathering system, where we see very positive developments. When we talked about this in May, our previous commitment for the Bluestone investment was $500 million. The pipe and gathering system is a primary area of focus for us, and now we're increasing our capital investment in that area to $650 million. This gives us the confidence that we will reach $100 million in earnings for this segment by 2017. The pace of the development in this region has exceeded our original expectation. And as we speak, we are in discussions with several parties that can bring even more investment opportunities, possibly a couple hundred million dollars beyond the $650 million, as we work to fill in the $20 million of white space for this segment, which will get us to $120 million of earnings by 2017. We will update you as developments unfold. And certainly, we'll provide more detail and a comprehensive update this fall at EEI. Our Power & Industrial business targets approximately 20% earnings growth and a 10% to 15% return on invested capital. Power & Industrial consists of 3 main businesses: the industrial energy services, renewable energy and reduced emissions fuel. Each of these business lines has a focus to help us achieve our growth target. We capitalize on our strong position in industrial services to continue on that success in this business. For our renewable business, we're going to complete construction that are in process right now, and we expect near-term earnings growth from both reduced emission fuel through incremental relocation and optimization of our existing facilities. And as a reminder, our goal here is to grow this business segment to $140 million in earnings by 2017. Now turning to Slide 9. You can see Michigan's economy continues its turnaround story. Starting with the chart on the top left, Michigan auto production has doubled since the lows in 2009 and is projected to increase further this year as the auto industry returns to pre-recession sales levels. Moving to the right, you can see housing startups have increased significant, and unemployment trends continue in a very positive path. Michigan unemployment rates have significantly improved from the highs of 2009. With these positive indicators of the Michigan economy, the state continues to achieve recognition on many fronts, and I've just listed a handful of these here. The National Association of Manufacturers identifies Michigan as leading the country in new manufacturing job creation. S&P rated Metro Detroit #5 in annual home price gains. Moody's upgraded Michigan's outlook to positive earlier this year. And we've talked about in the past, now that Michigan ranks #7 on the Tax Foundation's corporate income tax ranking from being one of the worst in the country to one of the best in the country now. As the state continues its strong economic comeback, the city of Detroit is also working its way through its economic transition. We see positive signs there indicating the city is on the right track. Many of you are aware that the city has decided to exit the electric distribution business. That means 115 customers will transition to DTE within a year, and we will build out our distribution system for those customers, and that'll take us about a 5- to 7-year period to do that. The streetlight system will not move to DTE. There's been a separate authority created, and they are designated to manage and finance the city's streetlights. And obviously, we'll help there where we can be helpful. Regarding the financial condition of the city, it's really unfortunate how this whole bankruptcy is often characterized by the national press in the photos they use to represent Detroit. The greater Detroit metropolitan area is experiencing broad economic recovery. The city of Detroit also has very positive momentum in the downtown and midtown areas in terms of economic and real estate development and employment. As you know, the city's financial condition was built up over many years, and the business community in Detroit used the bankruptcy as the first up to a better and brighter future. We believe the bankruptcy will address the financial problems in both a meaningful and sustainable way, and we believe there will be no impact on DTE Energy. As in the past, we will work with the governor, the mayor, the emergency financial manager to help in any way possible. And this includes the work that we've described and already committed to relative to the city's lighting and electric distribution system. The state and the greater Detroit regional economy are doing very well, and I'm confident that we will move quickly through the city's bankruptcy, and we'll come out stronger as both a city and a state. Now turning to Slide 10. As you all know, the governor has appointed a new member to the Public Service Commission, Sally Talberg, who replaces Orji Isiogu, whose term expired on July 2. We would like to thank Orji for his years of service and support to the State of Michigan. As you know, we've developed and maintained a very constructive relationship with the commission, and we look forward to working with Commissioner Talberg as we continue to collaborate on providing Michigan with reliable and affordable utility services. A constructive regulatory environment is critical to our success. And we are fortunate that Michigan has been rated as one of the best regulatory environments in the country. And now moving on to Slide 12 to get into an overview on the quarter. Our financial performance has been strong in 2013 with year-to-date operating earnings of $1.96 per share, which is an $0.18 increase over 2012. You'll hear more from Peter in a moment, but we're both very confident that we are on track to achieve our midpoint target of $4.05 per share. The second quarter operating earnings were $0.62 per share compared to $0.87 last year. A good portion of this difference is due to weather that was much closer to normal this quarter compared to second quarter of last year. You may recall last year, we had one of the warmest on record, providing DTE Electric $21 million of favorability due to weather in the second quarter of 2012. Peter will take you through this in more detail, but I wanted to set the context. We've talked about structural cost reduction as one of our major initiatives as a way to lower customer cost and also to stay out of rate cases as long as possible. We have a big one that's phasing in during the year, and it's related to retiree medical costs that we've restructured. At the same time, because that's already hardwired and it's going to be phased in, not only this year, but over the next 4 years, offsetting that is an explicit reinvestment program that we started in the second quarter of this year. Both of these are overlays to normal O&M performance and are tools for us to hit both our authorized returns in our guidance and to stay out of rate cases as long as possible. And Peter will explain some of those that are playing out this quarter and will also play out for the remainder of the year. The balance sheet remains strong and generating approximately $1.3 billion of cash from operations year to date. And with a strong credit rating from each of the rating agencies, we're on track to meet all of our goals for this year in terms of cash flow and our balance sheet. With that background, I'll now turn it over to Peter, who will take you through the quarter in more detail.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. I'd like with Slide 13 and the second quarter earning results. For the quarter, DTE Energy's operating earnings were $0.62 per share. As a reminder, there's a reconciliation to the GAAP reported earnings included in the appendix. The 2 utilities, DTE Electric contributed $0.51. DTE Gas came in at $0.05. The non-utility segments combined earned $0.14. The drivers for the non-utility second quarter results are Gas Storage & Pipelines at $0.09, Power & Industrial Projects at $0.06, and Energy Trading had a loss in the quarter of $0.01. Finally, Corporate & Other had a loss of $0.08. Let's move on to Slide 14 and a summary of the quarter-over-quarter performance by segment. For both our utilities, cooler weather in 2013 is the large driver of the year-over-year variances. DTE Electric contributed $38 million less year-over-year, and DTE Gas has an increase in earnings of $4 million. I'll cover more details on both DTE Electric and DTE Gas in a moment. Our non-utility segments operating earnings in total are down $6 million, primarily driven by lower earnings at our Energy Trading segment. In our Gas Storage & Pipelines segment for the quarter, earnings growth in our pipeline assets is offset by lower storage earnings. We expect the incremental pipeline growth to start flowing through the bottom line in the second half of the year as volumes increase on our Bluestone investment. Power & Industrial earnings are slightly higher for the quarter, driven by growth in our waste wood renewable project earnings. The year-over-year, year-to-date growth in this segment is on track to achieve guidance levels, and we're comfortable with the guidance we have for the segment. In Energy Trading, fewer market opportunities flow into the bottom line this quarter, driving lower earnings quarter-over-quarter. In the appendix, we have included our standard energy trading slides that show both economic and accounting performance. Finally, our Corporate & Other segment came in favorable by $2 million from last year, primarily due to lower interest expense. Before I move on to talk about the 2 utilities in more detail, one dynamic I want to discuss is some quarterly noise related with increased O&M spend and our benefit expense reduction efforts. Dave kind of set the table for that in his opening remarks. Operations and maintenance expenditures are higher in the second quarter this year due to O&M reinvestment spending. This additional spending is funded through changes we made to our benefit plans, which will flow to the bottom line in the balance of the year. If you recall, in the first quarter call, we talked about structural changes we made to our retiree health care, moving to a Medicare delivery model. These changes came in 2 parts. The first was last year with our nonrepresented workforce and the second phase with our represented workforce, which occurred earlier this year. Across both utilities, the total benefit decrease is approximately $60 million after tax this year. And it's in our revised guidance we have provided at our Analyst Day in May. About half of this decrease we're reinvesting back in the utilities this year. We will need the full amount next year to flow to the bottom line for both utilities as part of our stay out of rate case strategy. The benefit split is approximately $50 million with electric and $10 million for the gas, and the reinvestment total is approximately $30 million, split $18 million to $20 million for the electric and $7 million to $10 million for the gas. Now with that as a backdrop, I'd like turn to Slide 15 as I walk you through some of the details. Now first with the quarterly details for DTE Electric. Operating earnings for DTE Electric are $89 million, down $38 million from the prior year. The largest driver of this reduction in earnings for 2012: abnormally hot weather that did not repeat in 2013. The unfavorable weather of $23 million quarter-over-quarter can be broken down in 2 pieces. In 2012, favorable weather was $21 million added to a $2 million slightly unfavorable weather in the quarter this year. May was slightly hotter than normal this year, but we did not see much customer response in that month, and a relatively mild June more than offset May, resulting in a relatively temperature normal quarter. Another dynamic in this quarter for the electric utility is the O&M reinvestment in the quarter and the timing of planned outage expenses. The reinvestment spend represents about $8 million of the $20 million of O&M increase in the quarter. The benefit plan changes I discussed earlier drives $12 million of favorability, and we have higher depreciation, property taxes and interest expense in 2013 driven by rate base growth. Given the quarterly noise related to the benefits of O&M reinvestments, on Slide 16, I'm going to walk you from the 2012 full year earnings to the DTE Electric 2013 guidance midpoint. So when you combine the first and second quarter for the first half of the year, DTE Electric's earnings are down $19 million driven by return to normal weather, higher O&M offset by the lower benefit expense. For the remainder of the year, a return to normal weather is offset by a net year-over-year lower investment of $10 million. And let me the break down that number. In the second half of 2012, if you recall, we invested $20 million of that year's abnormally hot weather, and our plans for 2103 second half is to reinvest approximately $10 million, which you can think about as an addition to the $10 million that we reinvested in the first half of this year. You can see on this chart the benefit expense improvement flowing through, along with the higher load and renewables growth in the second half this year. Now the main message of this page is that the underlying earnings of the electric utility is very strong this year, and we're reinvesting incremental earnings back into the core assets of the business. Before I leave the electric segment, just want to take a quick -- give a quick update on the electric sales front. Our electric business has experienced a 1.5% service territory temperature normal growth in the quarter with growth across all segments. The Industrial segment had the highest growth at 5% in the quarter. The load growth in the second quarter and the year to date is in line with our expectations and helps us affirm the 2% total growth for the year. Now let's move on to the DTE Gas, starting on Slide 17. The second quarter earnings this year is higher by $4 million for 2012. I talked about the cooler weather negatively impacting the electric business in the quarter. This colder weather had a positive impact on our gas utility. Also impacting the quarter is the flow of last year's rate case settlement. Offsetting the weather and the rate order in the quarter-over-quarter earnings is the onetime revenue decoupling true-up that helped second quarter of last year. On this page, you can also see the lower benefit expense, which is the gas utilities portion of the structural plan changes I discussed earlier. Similar to the electric business, our plan is to reinvest a portion of this benefit expense reduction back in the core operations the second half of the year. Now let me move to the total enterprise in the guidance for the year. Shown on Slide 18, we are on track to achieve our operating earnings guidance at all of our segments. Overall, utilities are on track to achieve their guidance for the year. And I've already talked about DTE Electric and how we're seeing strong earnings this year. At DTE Gas, as you can see on this page, the first half of the year was very strong, driven by favorable weather, higher weather normalized consumption and lower benefits. As I mentioned, we are also targeting O&M reinvestment in the second half of the year at our gas utility segment related to the benefit expense restructuring. The quarterly profile for the remainder of the year for our gas utility group will be very different from last year, since last year, we were digging out of our first quarter weather hole with a lot of onetime actions and pullback to spend in the second half of the year. And this year, we will be stepping up our spending to reinvest a portion of this year's strong earnings. And this quarterly profile difference will show itself next quarter, where last year, our gas utility made a small profit driven by the onetime actions and spending pullback. And typically, we have a loss in the third quarter for our gas utility. At our gas segment, we also will monitor for the remainder of the year weather and usage and either increase our reinvestment plans or flow those related earnings to the bottom line. In summary, our utilities are performing well, and we have the potential to earn above guidance midpoints for those segments. As I mentioned earlier, our non-utility growth segments are on track to achieve their guidance for our Bluestone Pipeline and Gathering system ramp-up and the incremental earnings associated with our reduced emissions fuel business line flowing through the second half of the year. Energy Trading's earnings will be back-end loaded this year, tied primarily to deliver gas and power in the fourth quarter. We are still comfortable with the current guidance for this segment. Now that concludes an update on the earnings for the quarter. I'd like to turn the discussion over to Dan Brudzynski, who will cover cash flow and capital expenditures.
Daniel G. Brudzynski: Thanks, Peter, and good morning. Beginning on Slide 20 and our year-to-date cash flows. Cash from operations was slightly up for the year, supported by the positive early-year winter weather within the gas business and the timing of some of our corporate tax payments. These were slightly offset by declines in DTE Electric due to a return to relative normal weather for the quarter, as Peter mentioned earlier. Capital spending is comparable to last year, and I'll cover those details on the next slide. Overall, net cash was slightly up halfway into the year, as Dave mentioned already. At this point in the year, we are maintaining our cash flow guidance with continued benefit plan contributions planned for the second half of the year and to gauge where the summer demand plays out over the next couple of months. But we'll give an update later this year on cash flow guidance. Moving on to Slide 21 and a look at the our first half capital spending. Electric utility spending was similar in 2013 to 2012 with lower nuclear fuel -- refuel spending in 2013, partially offset by increased renewable investments in our Echo Wind project. Gas was similar year to date, while our non-utility investments are up due to the completion of the Bluestone Pipeline and the buildout of the gathering system in the Marcellus region surrounding Bluestone, as Dave also mentioned earlier. Finishing up on Slide 22. Our balance sheet remains strong with leverage and FFO metrics in line with our targets. $175 million of our $300 million equity target has been issued year to date into our benefit and thrift plans. And we continue to have sufficient liquidity midway into the year. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Dave for some concluding comments.
David E. Meador: Thanks, Dan. Let me wrap up on Slide 24. As we've laid out, we have a very strong start to the year, and we're confident that we're going to reach our 2013 guidance. Now Peter laid out some of the nuances here as we experienced the structural cost change in our reinvestment plan, and certainly if you have more questions about that in the Q&A session, we'll help you through that. Going forward, as we've laid out in the past, laid out again this morning, if you look at our mandated investments and the low-risk non-utility growth opportunities in front of us, we are also confident about our 5% to 6% annual earnings growth and then the dividend growth over time. And the balance sheet, as Dan laid out, also remained strong, and we're happy with where we are there. So all in all, my mid-year report, we're very much on track and confident that we'll hit our year-end objectives. And with that, we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Kevin Cole from Credit Suisse.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess the first question on the Detroit bankruptcy. What is the timeline and path to resolution? And are there any key issues or headlines, real or not, that can weigh on the DTE story?
David E. Meador: First of all, in terms of timeline, what the emergency financial manager had laid out was a general timeline of filing -- initial filing as they did this last week. There's already a series of hearings that have started. The federal judge has already been appointed, and they started hearings already this week on a variety of technical issues. Their goal is to have the restructuring plan presented to the judge this fall, I believe in October, and then to have this wrapped up in the spring. And that's the overall timeframe. In terms to -- of issues and impact on DTE there, we anticipate no impact on us. So there's no milestones or anything to look for in terms of that. On the positive side, as we mentioned the one thing that we have already started working on, because of the city exiting the electric business, is we are already starting to work on the process to take on the customers that the city previously had laid out. We have some regulatory filings we've made with the Public Service Commission because this is going to be about a $300 million investment program for us over a 5- to 7-year period. But again, that's all on track and underway already, and I don't anticipate any issues there either.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And there are no IOUs from the city to DTE?
David E. Meador: We have normal receivables that we have. And they have been paying timely, and we expect that to continue to be paid on a timely basis. The Chapter 9 is different than an 11. So in 11, you have to go to the judge for first-day orders to decide what bills are going to be paid. In a Chapter 9, the emergency manager makes that decision. He does not go to the judge. And we have every indication that we believe that we're going to continue to be paid.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then lastly, Dave, in your scripted remarks, did you make a comment about increasing the Bluestone CapEx by $150 million? Did I catch that right?
David E. Meador: Yes, yes, I did. As we've laid out for that segment, we -- when we talked in May, we have $1 billion to $1.3 billion of the total investment that we'll be making over many years in that segment of midstream. On Bluestone specifically, this started out a much smaller project. At one time, we were talking $200 million to $300 million. By the time we got to the analyst meeting in May, it was $500 million. Right now, with additional work that we're taking on in the gathering system for Southwestern, it's $650 million. And hopefully, by the next time I talk publicly about this, which would be in September, it's going to be a higher number than that also.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: What will be the timeline of that CapEx being deployed? Would it be towards like the '16, '17 timeframe?
David E. Meador: No. I think this is playing out generally the way we thought. So again, in May, what we laid out for you for this segment was -- so we said by 2017, we want to be $120 million of earnings. We had $20 million of white space. And so what we feel right now, based on what we have underway, that gives us confidence in the $100 million, and now the team is working on incremental investments to start filling in the white space that will get you to $120 million.
Peter B. Oleksiak: I think, Kevin, this is Peter, one way to think about it, we're actually -- as they're drilling the wells, we're putting the gathering in. So that will be pretty good pace over the next few years for that spend.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So this $150 million CapEx is upside to the Marcellus, to the blue or purple bar in your guidance, and so this is help filling up the white space?
Peter B. Oleksiak: That actually helps firm up that $100 million. If you remember on the Analyst Day, we were talking about how we're confident on the $85 million. We had this $100 million level with good line of sight on. It really helps firm the $100 million.
David E. Meador: And the team now is working on the remaining white space. So hopefully, when we see you in this fall, we'll report back to you that there's incremental investments over the $650 million, which will then give us certainly more confidence as we march towards our goal of $120 million by 2017.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Andrew Weisel from Macquarie Capital.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: First question is on Slide 16, when you showed the walk for DTE Electric. It looks like this return to normal weather is -- for the second half does not embed the upside from a hot July. Should we think of that as leading to maybe upside to the guidance or would any benefit from that heat be reinvested maybe after the summer is over?
Peter B. Oleksiak: That is something, Andrew, that we'll -- and I gave a range on the second half reinvestment. We're going to be monitoring the weather and storm activity. Now July, now today, it's in the 60s and maybe 70s. So we're seeing how much we kind of give back in July here in the state of Michigan given the back half of the month. And we did have a catastrophic storm in the month as well. Probably the main point there is we're going to be monitoring and adjusting that reinvestment plan based on weather and storm activity.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay, fair enough. And then along those lines, there was a lot of reinvestment in the second quarter, obviously, ahead of this summer, which was usually most important. Can you maybe just walk through the strategy of the timing as to why you did that more earlier in the year as opposed to waiting to see when most of the 3Q is in the books?
David E. Meador: That's actually a great question. So as you know, weather variability in the electric business plays out predominantly in July and August. If you look at the number of cooling degree days normally in those months, our normal pattern would be to wait until the summer played out before -- even if I thought I saw some favorability before I would trigger reinvestment program. And the reason we did it is because of the remeasurement on the benefit programs. So that remeasurement there was -- Peter mentioned the salary plan we measured at the end of last year, the represented plan at the end of March. And those numbers are hardwired now. So we saw this favorability coming through our forecast relative to retiree medical. And based on that, and a good start with the gas business and other factors, we started to early on start the reinvestment program even though we had not been through the summer. So we staged our reinvestment program in multiple stages because my #1 goal is to always hit my authorized return. Now I didn't want to reinvest too early and then find ourselves short at the end of the year. But a lot of it had to do with the confidence of the way the accounting works for this retiree medical, which is not only going to come in this year, but it's going to play out over the next several years.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Great. Next question is you mentioned, I think, that in the second quarter, industrial was up 5%, weather normalized load growth in 1.5% total. Can you maybe talk about residential and commercial, how those looked? And then also, you said 2% for the year. Any thoughts on the weather-adjusted load growth in '14 and longer term?
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes. For the quarter the residential, actually, was up 2%. And the commercial was 1%. Industrial, as I mentioned, was 5%. So all in, around 2% for the quarter. On a year-to-date basis, we are at about 1%, and we -- actually, the industrial growth will continue on. We had some larger projects here in the service territory that will play out. So we're comfortable still with the 2% for this year. In the longer term, I think we've indicated approximately 1% growth that we're anticipating.
David E. Meador: And that's after energy.
Peter B. Oleksiak: After energy efficiency.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Sounds great. And then my last question is for PIP. You talked a little bit about the near-term earnings pickup from REF and Renewables, and the first half results are a little below half for the full year guidance. Can you maybe just talk about some of the drivers that will lead to that acceleration in the second half?
David E. Meador: We described that we have multiple business lines there. So one of the business lines is Renewable business line, which are the plants that were coal plants being converted to wood. And one of those plants was already online, but it's capacity factor actually raises during the year. And then we have another plant that's coming online. And that's why the earnings profile for that business line is back-end loaded. And then as we've talked about with REF, we're trying to optimize the 9 machines. And we have some relocations that are going to actually trigger in, and that gives us higher tons produced. And again, that's back end loaded for 2013, and that's going to drive the earnings there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: First question. I was just curious on just revisiting the pipeline segment. You said that the extra $150 million of spend you disclosed today would help to firm up the $100 million '17 earnings target. Do you need more of the other -- the incremental stuff to further firm that up or are we -- are you kind of already now into filling the white space?
David E. Meador: We are in negotiation right now with a handful of producers in the area that I believe will lead to more gathering work in that region. We also are -- because of what we're seeing play out there, I think the pipe itself -- so we have the Bluestone pipe and then the gathering system, that pipe is going to fill up quicker than I think we thought too. So as this all plays out, I think what you're going to see is as we periodically update you, the Bluestone Pipeline and Gathering system is going to generate more earnings power. And that will basically fill up that white space. And so what we're going to do will be out publicly in September. And then we'll see you at EEI. We'll just give you updates on where we think we are on the remaining $20 million for 2017. The good news for this segment is that's a long time away and we already have line of sight here in terms of our investment profile that's going to get us to that target.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. But to be more specific, next time you say announce another $100 million of spend, will that start to narrow the gap or will that still be firming up?
David E. Meador: That will narrow the gap. That will narrow the gap to $120 million.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just maybe a silly one, but on Slide 18, we have a guidance which didn't change the ranges but you have these kind of green arrows on the 2 utilities segments. I know you've used those in the past to imply guidance change, but is that -- should we take from that you feel high end or there's an output bias? Or what are those arrows implying?
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes. Those arrows -- and I did mention in the prepared remarks that we believe right now that both of them are on track to achieve above the midpoint. And actually, with this benefit increase, they would be above and probably above the guidance. We are in the process of reinvesting really to kind of bring them back to the guidance level. And I think the one in particular I did call out was the DTE Gas. And you can see the strong year to date. There is, between weather, actually some increased usage in consumption that's non-weather related. We're in a period now where we have a suspension of our decoupling mechanism. It's kind of methodology of rate making process that will flow to the bottom line. So that one, that segment in particular, I'm feeling there's a potential that we're going to be increasing, at least hitting more of the upper end of that guidance range.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And you're at above the midpoint on electric is the implication then, I guess?
David E. Meador: Yes, yes. And basically what you're seeing play out here, as we've mentioned, this benefit amortization is fixed. And the bias is that you're seeing upward pressure there, and that's going to be offset with our reinvestment program, which is going to be phased in over the remainder of the year. And then the other variable is weather and how weather plays out for the remainder.
Peter B. Oleksiak: So it's something, Jonathan, we'll get through the summer here. My sense, in the third quarter call, we'll give you an update where we feel the year is coming in at.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then finally on the -- are you still feeling -- I just couldn't remember what you said about timing for sighting of these 2 remaining REF, reduced emission fuel units. Is that a year-end-type of -- by year-end objective?
Peter B. Oleksiak: For there, as you know, it involves the timing as well as the volume, and right now, it does look like it could be year end. It could go into next year, first half of next year as well. We did put in the appendix kind of the earnings profile for that, for the REF. We're still very comfortable with that earnings profile.
David E. Meador: And also comfortable for that segment on what we've already given you for '13 and '14.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So just the '13, $50 million sort of implying not much benefit from the second to the last 2 units, because they would be either very late in the year or early next?
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes. For this year, there'll be minimal contribution this year.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So perhaps following up on Kevin's question on incremental CapEx here, I'd be curious, just from the perspective of the power and lighting opportunity you alluded to earlier, just the timing of that, how that meshes with your CapEx budget, if you could kind of walk through that a little bit more?
David E. Meador: You're asking about the city of Detroit public lighting of $300 million?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Indeed.
David E. Meador: One way to put this in perspective, our total CapEx is $2 billion a year. It's what we've laid out for the next 5 years. The electric utility is $1.5 billion per year every year. And this is $300 million over a 5- to 7-year period. So it's not that significant in the big scheme of things, not only in terms of our total CapEx over that period, which is for the electric utility is $6 billion. And it also is a minimal impact when you think about it from a customer standpoint in terms of rates. So as light goes, it sounds like a big number. But when you stand back and look at a 5- to 7-year period, it's pretty small.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then perhaps just going back to the midstream side of the equation, I mean, I know you alluded to providing updates later this year. But as it goes to Utica, I'd be curious how developments are shaping up and particularly on the dry gas. I suppose that has been more of a longer-dated development opportunity, but curious how it's been shaping up for you guys. Is it quite as strong as Marcellus?
David E. Meador: I don't think there's any significant new news right now. As you know, on the NEXUS pipeline that's been proposed. The in-service date, as we saw it, was 2016. And in the meantime, for all of us, everyone is monitoring what's happening in the Utica development. I would just say right now for us, the focus is really shifted to Susquehanna County within Pennsylvania because there's so much going on there and so much prolific drilling going on that the opportunity set is right now there in the next 3 to 5 years. That said, the project, the NEXUS project continues on its path. But the one thing that everyone continues to watch, which is the big variable, is what you mentioned, which is how does the dry gas production play out over time? And there's really not any new information on that right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gordon from the ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: A follow-up question on the REF conversation. I'm just curious, as you look at the 2 machines that you're looking to place and as you think about optimization opportunities for the existing machines, are those potential counterparties more merchant power generators, whole merchant power generators or regulated utilities that own whole assets? And are you seeing the appetite for the types of cost savings that you generate through the REF business increase, decrease or stay about the same given how much distress some of these merchant power generators are under, and how they might be more intrigued by the opportunity to save a little money in their overheads?
David E. Meador: It's actually -- when we talk to counterparties, it's all of the above. So the people that we've talked to are pure merchants. There are utilities that -- they have deregulated, coal plants, but there's as much interest with utilities that are fully regulated with a pass-through. And the reason that they're interested is people are really trying to hit their environmental objectives. And the key thing that REF does, it takes out 40% of the mercury upfront and it gives people a much better shot at consistently hitting a 90% mercury reduction and it comes at a negative cost. I mean, in some ways, it doesn't get any better. So even if you're a regulated utility, and we have this at some of our plants, to be able to take out 40% of the mercury and then have basically a cost reduction that flows through to your customers is good. And the conversations that we're having is more about trying to get these at the largest plants possible, but also the plants that have the right boiler configuration because this has to work in line with everything else that's working and we want -- ideally, we want these at very large plants that will run for 9 years because that's how long this tax credit goes out. I could relocate them if we have to, but that's not desirable. So much of the conversations tend to be with the engineers doing their test burns to make sure this is really going to work, not only today, but it's going to work over many, many years and not impact their boiler in any way.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Got you. Last question for me on the Power & Industrial business. You guys have indicated you're extremely pleased with the financial and operating performance of the recent transaction where you acquired assets from Duke. Are there more portfolios like that out there that you could attempt to replicate that outcome given the economic environment for power generators? Is that a more robust opportunity set now than it was 6 months ago, less, the same? And if you were able to achieve something of that sort of size and scale, would it allow you to sort of exceed your current aspirations for growth in the business?
David E. Meador: Well, right now, what we laid out at the analyst meeting is our aspiration is to grow that business to $140 million. That business also had white space. So over the next several years, that group has growth embedded in what they're already doing. So as Renewable Energy plants come online, as REF gets relocated, some of their growth will play out. And then there was remaining white space. And the remaining white space, their primary area of focus is exactly what you bring up. We were already in the energy services business. And we, for example, own and operate the energy center at the Detroit Metro Airport. We own and operate the energy center at GM's headquarters. With the Duke acquisition and those projects that came online, we're one of the larger players in that space nationally. And we believe that we not only have the skills and confidence and track record, but there is some scale benefit here. So we -- it's an area of focus that we're spending a lot of time on right now as they work to fill in that white space.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Are there more eager sellers now than there were 6 months ago, given that some of them might own portfolios of merchant power assets that -- and need -- they need capital?
David E. Meador: I would just say that we have more discussions. I don't know how eager they are, but they are -- we are in more discussions with more potential parties around assets that we could acquire than we were 6 months ago, certainly more than a year ago.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Shar Pourreza from Citi.
Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: In your operating earnings aspiration of $1 billion, can you just remind us after energy efficiency what kind of load that you are assuming for that time period, on the electric side?
Peter B. Oleksiak: We are assuming a 1% load increase.
Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: After energy efficiency?
Peter B. Oleksiak: After energy efficiency.
Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And for the electric utility, can you just remind us what the lag, if any, there is and how long you anticipate staying out of a rate case?
Peter B. Oleksiak: We are targeting right now to kind of coincide, we have a securitization with our nuclear plant kind of dropping off in '15, new rates coming in there, which would mean a mid-2014 filing, with a rate increase in early '15.
Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And then just lastly would the -- with Bluestone ramping up, is there -- is an MLP drop-down still not in the near-term strategic focus?
David E. Meador: I would describe it as not in the near term. Certainly, as we said, it's something that we will continue to evaluate. But we have so much time and energy right now focused on the investment opportunities. And not having an MLP, as we said, is not inhibiting us in any way from finding and executing on a lot of this growth. So we're more focused on finding the investment opportunities and executing on them right now.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Thank you for your commentary on the O&M timing. That was very useful. I just had an unrelated question on -- if there's any update on the discussion in Michigan about reopening the energy legislation?
David E. Meador: In terms of the energy policy area right now, as you know, there was a series of hearings and fact-finding that the commission conducted, and we expect them to submit their report to the governor later on this fall. And beyond that, there's not much else that's happened or going on right now as in Michigan. I think there's just other areas of focus that the administration is working on. Longer term, we do expect that what we eventually are going to hear, there's going to be some interest in expanded Renewable Energy program beyond the 10%, but that's not until after 2015. There seems to be a lot of energy and focus around continuing the energy efficiency program in Michigan. And in terms of dealing with the issue around choice, I think there is actually growing sentiment that having this bifurcated market, where you have 10% of the market at choice, which really represents about 1% of the customers. It probably doesn't make sense. And if this thing doesn't stay where it is, there seems to be more energy around taking that down, not up. But again, I would just say it's not an area of key focus and discussion right now. There's not a lot of noise about it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kit Konolige from BGC Financial.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: On Peter's discussion of the benefit savings, can you just go through again it's -- I have that it's $60 million after tax in '13 and half of that goes to O&M and then the full amount in '14. Do I have that correct?
Peter B. Oleksiak: That is correct. And there is a bit of a bump around $10 million for '14. As mentioned, that the union plan, we've got a remeasurement at the end of the first quarter. So we'll take up another quarter of that next year.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Right. And so your discussion was that the full amount of -- none of that would be used for reinvestment in '14, but would all go to the bottom line to support the projected earnings growth?
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes, to support the earnings growth and the rate base growth for both utilities.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Right. And are there other benefit reduction opportunities out there?
David E. Meador: Not as large as this one. I mean, we're continuing to work on this. And we also are teeing up other, what I would describe as, structural cost opportunities that we want to work on because when we stand back and do our planning, our goal is to hit our authorized return, grow 5% to 6%. But we're also looking at the amount of capital that we're going to have to continue to spend, and then modeling rates, to say how do I keep rate increases over time as low as possible? And the way for us to make that all work over time is to continue to work on costs on 2 fronts: One is the continuous improvement work that we continue to do, but also to look for structural cost changes. And we have several of those that we're working on that we hope to be able to act on over the next several years that will allow us, even when we have to file rate cases, and we'll eventually have to start filing rate cases to make sure they are as small as possible.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Most of my questions have been answered, but I just wanted to touch basically briefly, I'm sorry if I missed this, the industrial -- the Power & Industrial. There was a write-off, I think, and I'm sorry, I missed, what caused that?
David E. Meador: We had a plant that was in Michigan. It was a plant that had been converted from a coal plant to a gas plant to service General Motors' complex basically, that through the restructuring, one of the things that happened when they went bankrupt, they closed that complex and they -- the plant basically had a dedicated customer. And we worked for a couple of years to try to retool the plant. We just -- including moving it to a biomass. And then we just couldn't make it work in terms of the economics. So that plant will now close, and it was written off.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And I think there was a gain last year. I don't know if it was in Power & Industrial, but do you know what that was? I mean, I just noticed in the income statement that there was -- that you guys did have some sort of asset improvement, I think. I can follow up afterwards if you...
David E. Meador: Yes, we'll have to follow up afterwards to make sure we have that at our fingertips.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. I just want to -- then the tax rate, it seems like it's been declining. And is that -- could you just elaborate as to what's causing that and sort of what the outlook again is for 2013?
David E. Meador: Probably the one thing that's flowing through there is just tax credits, including the wind tax credits that are coming through there at the income statement. But Peter, do you want to...
Peter B. Oleksiak: I think the wind and there are some -- for the REF, the tax credits that basically flow to us.
David E. Meador: Flow to us, that we're not -- in some cases, we're selling partnership interest to, because I, we're not going to take all the credits. But there's some REF credits that we're taking and then the wind credits from the electric business.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, and -- that makes sense. And then just following up on the question that Kit was asking, the O&M benefit that's associated with benefit reductions, that's -- again, is that associated with retirement benefits and the sort of NPV of the reduction of that? Is that what that is?
David E. Meador: What happened is we changed our delivery method on retiree benefits for retirees over a certain age. And they basically are getting their benefits through a Medicare exchange now. And when you have a significant change like that, the accounting rules trigger remeasurement. So we had a remeasurement, and you remeasure your liability. So we remeasured our salary liability at the end of the year and the represented liability at the end of March. And then the way the accounting works is you take that NPV benefit and you amortize it back in to your income statement over a 4-year period.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Andy Levi from Avon Capital.
Andrew Levi: Basically all said. The only thing is in 2017, you said $1 billion in net income, right, if I heard correctly?
David E. Meador: Right.
Andrew Levi: Okay. So wouldn't that imply more of a 7-plus percent CAGR off of your '13 number, not the 5% to 6%?
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes. And there is -- actually, there is a slide we actually included in our Analyst Day that describes this. Our philosophy here, we do our planning process. If you kind of have all your bottoms-up equal to your aspiration, it doesn't really give you a lot of cushion. So actually, we do put into our overall forward projections a contingency. And a lot of that is just to give more certainty to our investors around that 5% to 6% earnings growth.
Operator: We have no further questions in queue. I would now like to turn it back over to our speakers for any final or closing remarks.
David E. Meador: I just want to thank everyone for joining us again this morning, and hope you all have a great summer, and we look forward to seeing you in the fall. I think our next public event is early in September at the Barclays Conference. So take care, and we'll talk to you later.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Member of Internal Risk Management Committee Peter B. Oleksiak - Senior Vice President and Member of Internal Risk Management Committee Daniel G. Brudzynski - Former Vice President
Analysts: Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Andrew Levi Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Kevin Fallon
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the DTE Energy First Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Meador. You may begin.
David E. Meador: Great. Thank you, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to our First Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. Before we get started, I encourage you to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2 including the reference to forward-looking statements. Turning to Slide 3. With me this morning are Peter Oleksiak, our Senior Vice President of Finance; Dan Brudzynski, our Vice President and Treasurer; and Anastasia Minor, our Director of Investor Relations. I also have members of the management team with me, if needed, during the Q&A session. Now moving on to Slide 4. As you know, we'll be providing a full business update and outlook at our Analyst Meeting in New York next week on May 1, it's just a couple of days away. We have several hours scheduled with you with what we believe is very interesting material to take you through. So this morning, if we can, I'd like to keep the call focused on the quarter. But as always, I'd be happy to take any of your questions. Now turning to Slide 5. This is our investment thesis, and it describes how we will provide value to our shareholders. We believe that our disciplined growth plans will provide a 5% to 6% long-term earnings per share growth along with an attractive dividend yield. A key enabler into this plan is maintaining a strong balance sheet, which allows us to manage our risk and excess capital under favorable terms. Growth plans at both utilities are robust, and we will lay this out for you next week in more detail. DTE Electric's growth is largely driven by operational investments, mandated environmental controls and renewable energy needed to meet Michigan's 10% RPS standard. At DTE Gas, the growth was driven by infrastructure investments in cast iron main replacement and relocation in meters out of customers' homes. These important infrastructure investments were the subject of the Infrastructure Recovery Mechanism order that was issued by the Michigan Public Service Commission on April 16, and I'll cover that on an upcoming slide. The 2008 energy legislation and regulatory structure in Michigan provides a constructive environment for us to work within. However, as you know, we don't take this for granted and it's incumbent upon us during this favorable construct every day. We continue to focus on our system of priorities including highly-engaged employees, distinctive continuous improvement capabilities and top docile [ph] customer satisfaction, and that's another area that we're going to spend a fair amount of time on next week. In our non-utility businesses provide us with low-risk and diversified growth opportunities to complement our regulated utilities. Now turning to Slide 6, an overview of the first quarter. I'm pleased to announce earnings of $1.34 per share versus $0.91 in the first quarter of 2012, a substantial amount of that increase year-over-year is related to weather and we'll be talking about that as we go through this. But it's a nice start to the year, especially after thinking about last year first quarter and the start we had last year, given the extreme weather conditions last year. In the first quarter of 2012, we talked about that and the impact on the entire company, but especially on the DTE Gas segment earnings last year. This year, we had near-normal temperatures. Actually, it was slightly below normal and that explains a significant portion of year-over-year change. But it shouldn't be lost that we also have continued to focus on continuous improvement and making structural changes needed to stay out of rate cases and also to reach our aspiration of being the best-operated energy company in North America. A couple of the quarter-over-quarter drivers I'd like to point out is, first of all, our continuous improvement efforts have led to reduced benefit expenses and also efficiencies in our gas distribution system; and the rate case settlement at DTE Gas also provided some year-over-year improvements and earnings. And finally, our P&I segment benefited from the acquisition of a portfolio of on-site energy projects late last year, as well as higher earnings from the reduced emission fuel projects. The balance sheet remains strong, and we generated approximately $600 million in cash from operations in the first quarter. This, along with credit upgrades for Moody's and Fitch that we talked about in our last call, put us on track to meet our balance sheet goals for 2013. And we'll provide a full outlook for the year at the Analyst Meeting next week. Now turning to Slide 7. Last week, the Public Service Commission approved our proposed Infrastructure Recovery Mechanism for DTE Gas. This mechanism covers a 5-year period beginning in 2013 with the total projected investment of $400 million over that period, or about $77 million annually. This mechanism streamlines the recovery of these costs through the surcharge, which will be reconciled each year to reflect actual spending, and that surcharge will remain in place until the next rate case. With that overview, I'll now turn it over to Peter, who will take you through the quarter in a little bit more detail.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start with Slide 9 in the first quarter earnings results. For the quarter, DTE Energy's operating earnings are $1.34, consistent with reported earnings. For the 2 utilities, DTE Electric contributed $0.66 and DTE Gas came in at $0.55. The non-utility segments combined to earn $0.21. The drivers for the non-utility first quarter results were Gas Storage & Pipelines at $0.10, Power & Industrial Projects at $0.07 and Energy Trading at $0.04. Finally, Corporate & Other had a loss of $0.08 for the quarter. Let's move to Slide 10 and a summary of the quarter-over-quarter performance by segment. Operating earnings for consolidated DTE Energy are up $78 million for the quarter. For both our utilities, DTE Electric and DTE Gas, colder weather in 2013 and lower benefit expense contributed to favorable earnings from 2012. DTE Electric contributed $19 million more year-over-year. More than half of this was weather improvement. Typically, you don't see such a large weather improvement for our electric business in a non-summer quarter. But last year, we had, as Dave mentioned, one of the warmest winters on record. DTE Gas had an increase of $44 million for the quarter, and given the size of the increase, I'll cover more details on DTE Gas in a moment. Our non-utility segments operating earnings are totaled up to $13 million, improvement driven primarily by the higher earnings at our Power & Industrial Projects and Energy Trading segments. Gas Storage & Pipelines earnings are flat from prior year due to growth and transportation revenues across all of our pipeline platforms, offsetting lower storage earnings for the quarter. Our Power & Industrial Projects segment is up $4 million from 2012. This increase is driven by earnings related to our on-site energy projects occurred in the fourth quarter of 2012, growth in renewable earnings related to our coal and wood waste plants coming online, and increased reduced emission fuel earnings. At Energy Trading, improved market opportunities contributed to the 2013 increase from last year and the quarter's performance is in line with our expectations. Page 21 of the appendix contains our standard energy trading page, which shows both economic and accounting performance. Finally, our Corporate & Other segment came in favorable by $2 million from last year, primarily to lower interest expense. Now let's turn to Page 11 and walk through some of the quarterly details for our gas business. The operating earnings for DTE Gas are $96 million, up $44 million from the prior year. The largest driver for this quarter's improvement is the record weather we had in 2012 not returning in 2013. The quarterly weather improvement at $26 million actually can be broken into 2 pieces, the 2012 warmer-than-normal weather is actually -- was $23 million unfavorable last year, an improvement for this year. And then the weather this year was slightly colder than normal and contributed $3 million of earnings. The rate case settlement we received in the fourth quarter of 2012 drives an additional $7 million of margin improvement for the first quarter this year. Continuous improvement efforts on our gas distribution system helped drive lower cost gas for the quarter by $6 million. And lastly, changes in our benefit plans drive the additional $5 million of earnings improvement over last year. That concludes an update on our earnings for the quarter. I'd like to turn the discussion over to Dan Brudzynski, who will cover cash flow and capital expenditures.
Daniel G. Brudzynski: Thanks, Peter, and good morning. Now moving on to Slide 13 and the first quarter cash flow results. As Dave mentioned, cash flow remains strong in 2013. Favorable weather impacts, primarily in DTE Gas, were offset by the timing of planned pension contributions in 2013. Cash is comparable in the first quarter to 2012 and is tracking in line with our guidance for the year. Capital spending is roughly the same as 2012, and I'll cover those details on the next slide. In the financing arena, we successfully financed $375 million of long-term bonds at our electric utility in the first quarter of 2013. Now moving on to Slide 14 and some detail on capital spending. 2013 investments were relatively flat overall. We had lower investments at DTE Electric driven by a refueling outage in 2012, were partially offset by higher gas investments for main renewal and Advanced Metering Infrastructure or AMI, and the Bluestone lateral and gathering capital spending in 2013. And then finishing up finally on Slide 15 and a look at the balance sheet. As we continue to grow, a strong balance sheet is a key priority to us at DTE and our metrics remain within their targeted ranges. Our financing plan is on track for 2013 with $100 million of equity already issued in the first quarter and the bond financing I mentioned earlier. Our liquidity is sufficient with the successful extension of our facility to 2018. And with that, now I'll turn it back over to Dave for the wrap-up.
David E. Meador: Thanks, Dan. And I'll wrap up on Slide 17. As we laid out for you, we had a strong first quarter with substantial year-over-year earnings improvements. And as I said earlier, I was thinking about last year when we started out in the first quarter and we're quite deep in the hole because of the extreme weather last year, so it's a great way to start 2013. The approval of the Infrastructure Recovery Mechanism for DTE Gas as we've outlined is a key component of, not only making the necessary improvements in that business to improve the distribution system, but it gives us a lot of flexibility in terms of staying out of rate cases in the gas business. Going forward, the combination of operational and mandated utility investments and then also the investments in the low-risk, non-utility growth opportunities combined are expected to provide us a 5% to 6% earnings per share growth. As we mentioned next Wednesday, we're going to be going into much more detail regarding our system of priorities and our growth prospects at the Analyst Meeting. The meeting is at 8:30, breakfast at 7:30, if you would like to join us at the New York Sheraton Times Square. And if you're not attending in person, you're welcome to listen to the webcast, and that webcast will also be archived. And you can find the link to all of that on our Investor Relations website. And with that, we'd be happy to open up for questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Kevin Cole with Crédit Suisse.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess Slide 7 is helpful, but I guess if I -- given your comments, given that this is a 5-year tracker, are you expecting that you're going to stay out from filing DTE Gas rate case for the 5-year period while earning your allowed return?
David E. Meador: We will go into multiple year plans next week in more detail. But as you know, one of our north stars has turned our authorized return year in, year out. We're also very focused, as you know, also on cost and customer build. So our goal is to stay out of rate cases as long as possible, while meeting all our objectives, and we've laid that out for the electric business. And now the -- with this tracker, it will allow us to stay out of rate cases for multiple years. So we're evaluating that and certainly we'll talk in more detail next week. But this is going to give us a period of stability, which is joining the electric business. And I'm anticipating we will not be in rate cases for several years at least.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. I guess bring it back to the quarter. I guess with, just for DTE Gas. So with 1Q coming in at $96 million versus full year guidance of $113 million to $118 million, is [indiscernible] flat?
David E. Meador: We lost the last part of your question.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I'm sorry, I'll speak up. So with 1Q DTE Gas operating earnings coming in at $96 million versus full year guidance at $113 million to $118 million, that seems to imply that the fourth quarter would be similar around $17 million to $22 million, but DTE Gas normally earns, or at least should earn between $50 million and $60 million. And so for the rest of the year, do you expect to ramp up your O&M spending and I guess, bank some O&M for the future? Or just kind of come out at the end of the year above your guidance range for DTE?
David E. Meador: Yes. As you're pointing out, this is a great start to the year on many segments of the business and certainly better than last year. Our normal practice is to update our forecast and review that with the board and evaluate what you're pointing out, which is our lien-and-invest scenario. So our goal is to earn our authorized return to the extent that we have favorable conditions, including weather. Our inclination is to pull ahead investments in the business and the opposite's also that. So we're evaluating that right now. We're going to talk to our board and we'll take you through that in more detail next week at the Analyst Meeting.
Operator: We'll go next to Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I wanted to ask you a very quick question here regarding your O&M. As far as it goes, first quarter seems to have been quite positive. How do you feel now with regards to full year? I mean, should we continue to expect this kind of a trend, a decline year-on-year throughout the balance of the year?
David E. Meador: That's another area, I hate to continue to kind of push questions to next week, but we're going to update you next week on, not only the full year, but we're going to update you on multiple years next week, including our thinking on O&M. One item I'd like to point out that what we said is we're going to continue to work hard on O&M. We need to do that on behalf of our customers. And one of the lens on that is just continuous improvement, but we've also signaled that we are always looking for structural changes in our costs and using that as a lever to stay out of rate proceedings as long as possible. So we were able to achieve a couple of our structural changes and continue to work on continuous improvement and we'll lay that out for you next week in terms of our thinking on O&M and how that all plays through, both in the gas and the electric business in terms of staying out of rate cases as long as possible.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Perhaps let me clarify, in the first quarter, how one-time versus sustainable were the cost reductions that we did see here, if you will? Maybe that's a more palatable question. Some of the lost gas improvements, for example.
Peter B. Oleksiak: I'd say probably close to 2/3 of that will stick. We did have some generation outage timing in there, but as Dave mentioned, some of the structural cost changes, and I was mentioning that the benefit expense will continue to flow through. And the lost gas improvements, for now, we did see physical lost gas come down by 40% in the quarter and we're anticipating that will stick as well.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And perhaps just broadly speaking again, going back to the notion of staying out. Is there any potential to use some of the amortization of the liability here beyond 2014 on the electric side? And -- or any kind of sense as to how that's going to play out here?
David E. Meador: Yes. Amortization of the liability, are you speaking to the former decoupling play?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, exactly. Sorry if I misread that.
David E. Meador: That again is something that we're evaluating. Right now the way that the regulatory proceeding laid out, we don't have an option right now, we have to amortize that into 2014. And as we've indicated, we -- our current thinking is that we would file in '14 for rates in '15. But as we continue to press down hard on costs, we're asking ourselves the question that you're asking, which is, could you ever move that amortization if you didn't need it in that year? And it's something we're evaluating, but right now, we've not made any decision. We're also evaluating the open question, can we stay out even farther and not file in '14 and possibly push that 1 year later. And again, we'll go into more detail next week. But it's just directionally an indication of how we're managing the company and our cost, which was -- right now, if we could file in '14, we'll do that. But if we can push this out farther or eventually we file, make it as small a number as possible, while still hitting our growth targets and maintaining our balance sheet targets, we're going to do that.
Operator: And we'll go next to Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I guess I'll ask the question differently. When did you implement these benefits changes? In other words, how long do we have before we lap them?
David E. Meador: Yes. What had happened here was that, based on what we had done in our salary plans plus our union contracts, we actually had to go through a remeasurement process, and I think it's -- it will be laid out when we file our 10-Q for you. So we had to remeasure our benefit plans, and the way the accounting works it amortizes into income over a 4-year period.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And when did you do that?
Peter B. Oleksiak: It was the end of last year. So we did the year-end calculations for the benefit expense for 2013, that's really where you're seeing it now. But it was end of last year.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So is it reasonable to expect the next 3 quarters we should see something similar on the benefits side?
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes. That's correct.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. I know you'll probably going to punt it for next week, but obviously there's been discussion around MLPs.
David E. Meador: Actually I don't have to punt it to next week, I'd rather just talk about that right now, if we could. Because we're always asked, as you know, every -- it seems like every meeting I'm in with investors, they're asking, are we thinking about this, and what's our view of these? And the answer is, we're constantly looking at all of our financing techniques, and we've been studying MLPs at a detailed level ever since these things started evolving, including watching, in particular, C corps that are -- now have MLPs versus the large MLPs. But that said, we don't believe that we have the scale at this time and that -- to move on an MLP. We also continue to ask investors what they think about DTE proceeding in its way. We honestly are getting mixed feedback on the thoughts about a company that has the mix of businesses that we have. So we're predominantly, as you know, a utility company with 70% to 80% utility having an MLP. Next week, we're going to take you through our midstream growth aspirations. And as part of that, I would just offer that we constantly evaluate MLPs and other alternatives. And at some point, given future scale, we'll give it more serious consideration. So some have asked recently, it sounds like the tone is changing at DTE Energy. And the answer would be, it is, when the segment was earning $30 million a year, we got asked this question. We answered it one way. Now that we're earning $50 million with aspirations well over $100 million, I think we're just signaling that as this business grows, it's something that we will take a look at. But as of today, as you know, we've been able to grow this business organically and create value without an MLP. So nothing is imminent, but as this business segment grows, it's something that's incumbent on us to constantly evaluate.
Operator: We'll go next to Andy Levi with Avon Capital.
Andrew Levi: Most of the questions were asked. Just back on the benefits. So whether it's on the gas side or the electric side, we should just annualize that number, is that kind of the way to look at it in the savings?
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes.
Andrew Levi: Okay. And then same on the lost gas, or is that kind of seasonal?
Peter B. Oleksiak: Some seasonality in that number.
Andrew Levi: Okay. And on the benefits side, was that contemplated in your forecast that you gave earlier in the year?
Peter B. Oleksiak: So this is part of the strategy around delaying the rate proceeding. Even a few years ago, when we're taking a look at it, we would -- potentially would have needed new rates given the size of our capital spend in '13. We knew that we had a design changer that would give us some headroom to stay out of proceeding.
Andrew Levi: So the forecast that you gave for this year, the $3.85 to $4.15, I believe, contemplated this?
Peter B. Oleksiak: That is correct.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just -- I hate to circle back on the MLP. But you mentioned that at a certain point, you'd be more likely if you have the economies of scale. Could you give us a sense as to what that would be?
David E. Meador: I'm not sure there's an exact number. As you know, you want to look at, not only what you have today but you want to look at your pipeline on growth. As a company, we've never wanted to be in a situation where, I created a structure and then I found myself wanting to add growth to that structure that was beyond anything that normally would be in scope or strategy for this company. So I don't think there's a magic answer on that. I think right now, and we'll take you through this next week, we're looking at how far we can push this midstream segment and also what are the range of options that we see happening in this whole Marcellus Shale play right now. And obviously, as this business grows, and assuming that MLPs are still allowed down the road, as you know, there's a very attractive cost to capital structure here that we'll, again, continue to take a look at. But what I want to be careful about is just right now, people shouldn't expect that next week there's some announcement around MLPs. What we want to say is that, as this business segment grows, we'll continue to evaluate this. But it's just not -- we don't feel we're at the right level today.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then on the weather-adjusted sales growth, it looks like it was flat. Is that -- does that include the impact of leap year?
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes, it does, and that's like one day. So in the quarter, as we go through the year, it becomes less significant, but the load was flat. Actually, at this point, we're expecting our full year to come in close to 2% growth increase.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Now I thought you guys were expecting 1% after the impact of energy efficiency. Has that changed now?
Peter B. Oleksiak: It has. Actually, the industrial in particular, you'll see in the quarter was up 3%. Actually we're anticipating the growth of 5% to 6% by year end.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, so it's all driven by industrial.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Predominantly.
David E. Meador: But still our long term is the 1%, net of energy efficiency.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Our long term is 1%.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: And could you say what the impact of energy efficiency is?
Peter B. Oleksiak: Approximately 1%.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Kevin Fallon with SIR Capital Management.
Kevin Fallon: I just wanted to see if I could get a little bit more color before the meeting next week on the potential opportunities at the utilities. Should we think about the current capital program as kind of a floor, or is that the full assessment of the need as you see it? Or just directionally, which way you're thinking there?
David E. Meador: You want to take that, Peter?
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes. I know we've laid out in terms of our capital expense for utilities, our base, we have the environmental and the renewable. That's pretty much kind of playing out over the next few years, as we've indicated in the past. And the gas, it really is, with this, with the IRM really, that program is going to drive the incremental growth for our gas utility.
David E. Meador: Yes, normally, at an event like this, we'll give you a 5-year look. We're going to go longer than 5 years because we have been getting questions about, is there a cliff out there after you go through this wave of environmental spending? And the answer is, no, and we'll lay that out in more detail. I think we've been saying that for a while now, but we just haven't given multiple years of an outlook. And then also trying to explain, what are the dynamics. So over time -- over many, many years, what's going to happen with the generation fleet, what do we think is going to happen with renewable energy and then base infrastructure investment in both the gas and electric utility, and we'll lay that out in more detail next week.
Kevin Fallon: Okay. And just one other one. Back to the MLP for a moment. Just a question, on your internal plans, if you achieve your current internal plans, do you achieve the thresholds that would warrant the scale to do an MLP, regardless of whether you would or wouldn't do it?
David E. Meador: I think that's -- no, I think that's just one criteria around scale. I think there's other questions that, as you know, that have to be asked and answered including, is a company that's 70% to 80% utility and going to remain a C corp, what are the challenges and complexities around us having an MLP for our investors, and will our long-term investors like that or not. And one of the criteria is continuing to get feedback from our investors around that. And as we've said, there's not been a project yet that I couldn't take on in terms of our organic growth because I didn't have an MLP. So we've been able to grow this business, and we'll continue to grow it without one.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Kevin Cole with Crédit Suisse.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess, since you opened the can of MLP worms, I'll follow up on that. I guess given that you are in a growth phase of the business today and you will need significant amount of capital to grow the business, doesn't it make more sense to MLP it today, that way you can get the benefit of the cheaper cost of capital when you're funding that growth?
David E. Meador: I understand the math in this, Kevin, as well as you do, that using an MLP for a lower cost of capital. You could lay that out. I've laid that out. I think just there's other criteria to this than other -- other than just saying, I'm going to bring a source of lower cost of capital to a company like DTE. So again, I'm not saying that this is imminent because it's not, and I'm not saying that we won't avail -- we won't take this more seriously down the road. I just don't know that there's a triggered threshold that we're going to do this. So we're evaluating it. We're constantly doing this and evaluating it with our outside advisors and our board, and at the same time, we're not there right now. So I just wanted to be careful that if someone thought that we were coming to New York to announce an MLP next week, it's not next week.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. I guess when you're doing the math, too, are you expecting to, I mean, run your MLP synergies. Are you spinning it out completely, that way you can get the full benefit of an MLP? Or is your math, you're dropping it down and you're still keeping it underneath DTE Corporation?
David E. Meador: I'd rather not get into those specifics, because as you know there's a lot of alternative ways, even when you say someone could do an MLP there's different alternatives, including whether the parents keeping some of the limited partnership holdings. And then, is it some of your assets, all of your assets and so on? So I think over time, it's something we'll continue to dialogue with you and others on, including getting feedback from people about how they feel about this company doing something like that.
Operator: And it appears there are no further questions at this time.
David E. Meador: Okay. Thank you, again, everybody, and we look forward to seeing you next week, and the meeting starts at 8:30. Take care.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Member of Internal Risk Management Committee Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Internal Risk Management Committee and Group President of Energy Resources
Analysts: Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the DTE Energy Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the conference over to host, Mr. Dave Meador. Please go ahead, sir.
David E. Meador: Thank you, and good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us. And welcome to our 2012 year-end earnings call. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2, including the reference to forward-looking statements. With us this morning is Gerry Anderson, our Chairman, President and CEO; Peter Oleksiak, our Senior Vice President of Finance; Dan Brudzynski, our Treasurer; and Anastasia Minor, our new Director of Investor Relations. We also have members of the management team with us to call in during the Q&A session, if needed. And before we get started, I'd just like to point out that we have scheduled an analyst meeting on May 1 in New York. We haven't done one in about 4 years, so we just thought it was time for us to come to New York and give you an update on a lot of the businesses and how we're going to continue to grow each of the business segments. It also gives us an opportunity to bring a broader group of the management team and -- so you can see the depth and talent that we have at the company. So given that, this call, we'd like to focus on 2012 earnings and 2013 plans. But as always, we'd be more than happy to take your questions during the Q&A session. So with that introduction, I'd like to turn it over to Gerry Anderson.
Gerard M. Anderson: Well, thanks, Dave, and greetings to all of you. Thanks for joining us this morning. I am going to start out this morning with a look-back on 2012 and our accomplishments, then I will turn to some of the drivers of our long-term growth and then we'll hand it back to Dave for a financial update. So I'd start by saying that I'm encouraged by our progress and results in recent years. And I attribute that progress, in large part, to our focus on what we refer to at the company as DTE Energy's system of priorities. And that system of priorities is shown on Slide 5. Your first reaction may be, why is Gerry taking me through this page full of boxes and arrows on a year-end earnings call? But the answer is that this page really does describe the way that we're running DTE Energy and I think it's helpful for you as investors to understand that. And it describes an interdependent set of 6 priorities, which, I think, if we execute well against, will yield strong outcomes for all of our constituents, including you, our shareholders. And it all starts on the left-hand side of the slide, the far left-hand side, with highly engaged employees. And I have come to believe that this is the first and most important. I often say to our leaders, you can't be an excellent company, you can't produce excellent result for shareholders if you're getting mediocre energy and focus from your people. And if we don't get this right, everything to the right of that employee box doesn't work. But if you do get that right, then you got a shot at the next 2 to the right, which is doing a great job for your customers and building an ability to use continuous improvement to manage costs and improve quality. And if you nail those 2 things, your work for your customers and your ability to manage costs, you've got a better chance at having a constructive relationship with your regulators and your politicians because they think you're going to bat for them and doing the right things. And if you can combine a constructive relationship with your regulators and the political environment with a well-defined growth strategy, that gives us a chance to produce great outcomes for you. So we've organized the company and the leadership around these 6 priorities, and I want to spend just a minute giving you a quick update on our progress against each of those. On Slide 6, I mentioned employee engagement as the entry point to all of this. And we measure engagement using what's known as the Gallup survey. There are thousands of companies who use it to try to understand where their employees' heads are at. 2012 marked the sixth consecutive year of increases in our Gallup engagement score, and for the first time, we entered the top quartile. We were in the 78th percentile, so close to the top 20 of Gallup's universe of companies. And I look back on this as our most achievement in 2012. And we now have our leadership team firmly focused on taking our people from the top quartile into the top decile and we're working hard to make that happen. We also continue to work our continuous improvement discipline. We maintained our O&M levels at our 2 utilities below 2005 levels for the sixth consecutive year. Both our electric and gas utilities have had negative O&M growth over this period. We continue intensive training of our employees in this continuous improvement methodology. The real goal here is we invest to keep our rates affordable and to continue to improve our service to customers and this has proven to be a great tool for us on those 2 fronts. On the customer satisfaction front, 6 years ago, we were not where we wanted to be and started work on this. And we've moved from near the bottom of our peer group 6 years ago to near the top of our J.D. Power peer group at both the electric and gas utilities. And our focus now is from being in roughly the top quarter to also heading to the top spot in that peer group and that is our expressed goal with our leadership team. Over that same period, our complaints with the Public Service Commission have been cut in half, including a 12.5% reduction last year. And importantly, last year, we did get legislation passed that will fundamentally change and improve our relationship with our low-income customer segment and that's been a target of ours, and we were really pleased to see the legislature move on that in 2012. Moving on to Slide 7. I continue to feel the political and regulatory environment in Michigan is fair and constructive and it continues to support our investments in the energy infrastructure of the state. We also have a strategy to defer rate cases at both utilities. I'll talk about these in a minute, but we have a plan at the electric utility to keep rates flat through 2015 or over the next 3 years. And at the gas utility, for a number reasons, we don't foresee being back in soon either. So I think that bodes well for our relationships in that realm. On the growth front, a lot of activity this past year in the wind arena, I'll talk about that in a minute. We also made significant progress in the nonutility businesses. Bluestone Pipeline, NEXUS pipeline, again I'll talk about those a bit later. And reduced emissions fuel went from essentially a start-up business to a substantial contributor this past year with more to come in that line as well. Finally, on the financial front, our earnings per share for 2012 came in at $3.94 compared to our original midpoint of $3.80. So we had a strong year. We did earn our allowed returns at both the electric and the gas utility. That's an every-year goal for us and we fight hard whatever comes at us to deliver that allowed return. And we increased our dividend 5.5% to $2.48. And finally, early this year, we were upgraded by Moody's. Our credit rating was taken up and we saw that, really, as a recognition that our financial performance and fundamentals have been strong and really appreciated that upgrade. A final point, before I turn to our long-term growth, is on Slide 8. We're transitioning our branding to a single brand under DTE Energy. Or put differently, we're moving away from the use of Detroit Edison and MichCon as names. And we're really doing this at the impetus of both our customers and our employees. In surveys of our customers, they've made it clear that they find the use of Detroit Edison and MichCon frankly confusing. We've done so much branding under the name of DTE Energy that those 2 names are becoming historic artifacts, and they really do know us now as DTE Energy. Similarly, discussions with employees suggest that using 2 different historic company names when all of us really sit in common facilities and a common headquarters building is not good for teamwork. And they'd rather simply be all members of DTE Energy. So the only relevance to you is that we're going to start talking about DTE Energy Electric and DTE Energy Gas, or our electric utility and our gas utility, as opposed to Detroit Edison and MichCon. It doesn't change any of the fundamentals. But if you see a shift in our language, we're really doing it because our customers and our employees want to see us move there. Moving on to Slide 9. I'm going to turn now to an update on the drivers of our longer-term growth. For a number of years, we've targeted annual earnings per share growth of 5% to 6%. That's been something we've been seeing for years and that's going to be true again this year. So if you move on to Slide 10. You will see, if you do the math over various time periods, that we have been achieving or overachieving that 5% to 6% growth target depending on the start and end points of your calculation. We've set the guidance midpoint for this coming year at $4. And you may say, well, $4 isn't 5% to 6% growth over $3.94. Well, that's true, but you have to remember that the $3.94 had some significant weather upside at Detroit Edison in it. And when you look at the $4, assuming normal weather, you will see that we really are internalizing some material growth at Detroit Edison, for example, and in our other businesses in order to achieve the $4 midpoint. So -- and if you were to calculate $4 over the $3.80 start point last year, it is, in fact, in the 5% to 6% growth range. In the -- on the dividend front, they're in green, you can see that we target a 60% to 70% payout. We've been growing our dividend in recent years in parallel with the 5% to 6% earnings growth. Dividends have been growing at about 5.5% since 2009. And we do continue to expect moving the dividend in parallel with our growing earnings. So for earnings grow, our policy will be to move dividends in parallel. Now much of this growth that you see depicted on Slide 10 is playing out in our home state of Michigan, which continues a really healthy recovery. You see that on Slide 11. On the left, you see auto production. 2012, as it turns out, hit auto production in Michigan -- this is Michigan auto production, that was 2x the level in 2009, which was the low point. So a big comeback from the bottom and a very active segment now. And you can see it's projected to be up again in 2013. Housing starts were up over 20% this past year. They're projected to be up over 30% in 2013. And you can see that unemployment continues to trend down. So all of these is garnering a lot of positive attention in the press and in the media. You can see comments from Newsweek and Bloomberg and S&P and the Tax Foundation on various elements of the Michigan economy. But the one that I took most note of is actually bottom left. Michigan recently was the cover story on Site Selection Magazine. And the article really talks about Michigan as a place that companies are seeing as a very different environment to come locate their facilities, which I think says a lot about the transition the state has been through and a lot about the work that the governor and legislature are doing to reposition the state. A significant amount of the growth that you saw on the previous slide is going to come from our electric utility. And on Slide 12, you see our projected electric investments over the next 5 years, which total about $6.5 billion. A little over $4.5 billion of that will be targeted at base infrastructure. These are the nuts-and-bolts investments in our plants and our distribution system. We've got just over $1 billion targeted to that arena in 2013. Environmental compliance continues to be active for us. You can see that we have $335 million slated in that arena this year. We continue focused work at our Monroe plant. We're also doing plant on dry sorbent injection at some of our other facilities. Then, finally, renewable energy and energy efficiency will be $0.5 billion over the next 5 years as we move to meeting the 10% target and that includes $200 million this year. Now on the topic of wind investments, moving on to Slide 13. Last year was a big year, bottom left, we brought the Gratiot wind park online in early 2012. That's a 200-megawatt plus wind farm that we own half of. We put almost $250 million into that project. We also constructed the Thumb Wind Park this past year, that's at top right, another roughly $250 million investment that came online very late last year. And we started construction of the Echo Wind Park, and we'll really finish that up this year. We expect to have the Echo Wind Park online and operating by the fourth quarter of this year. Turning over to our gas utility on Slide 14. Our 5-year plan here includes investments of over $1 billion. Just about 2/3 of that is in base infrastructure, including $150 million this year, targeted at strengthening and expanding the distribution system. We also have a program in main renewal, meter move-out and pipeline integrity that you see described on the right. Over the next 5 years, $400 million targeted principally at renewing cast iron main, old main that needs to be removed and replaced or bypassed and meters in homes that need to be moved outside. And this is something that both we and the Public Service Commission think we need to be after. And we've targeted, as I said, $400 million over the next 5 years and $70 million this year to that end. As we pursue all of this investment at both our electric and gas utilities, we're also working plans to minimize the rate increases and the number of rate cases that we pursue. And you see our plans on this front on Slide 15. We really do believe that one of the keys, as you move through these heavy investment periods, is to keep your rate impacts for customers manageable. And our strategy at the electric utility is to keep rates flat through 2015. And in the blue, in the middle of the page, you see that this year, we believe that we can use cost controls and continuous improvement to stay out of any rate proceeding. And next year, you may recall that we had $127 million due us through the revenue decoupling true up, and we have reached agreement to amortize that $127 million into earnings next year. So that, combined with continuous improvement, we believe will keep us on sound footing next year. And then in 2015, our Fermi 2 securitization surcharge, which is over $300 million a year, goes away. And that creates significant headroom for us to have any needed rate increase and still keep rates flat or down through 2015. So that's our plan, and I like being able to move through the investment agenda I just described but do it without rate increases to our customers. That feels good. On the gas front, we've just settled a rate order -- a rate case late in 2012. There's one element of that yet to be worked through with the Commission and that's the proposed Infrastructure Recovery Mechanism on the main renewal and meter move-out programs that I described. We expect that, that'll be resolved by April. But assuming we do reach agreement on the IRM and continue to use our continuous improvement, we also think we can stay out of rate cases on the gas front for some period. I want to cover one final topic on Slide 16 before I turn to our nonutility businesses and that topic is a process that Governor Snyder introduced. Governor Snyder, who, by the way, is doing a great job in Michigan, late last year laid out a plan to use 2013 to study energy and environmental policy in the state. The governor took this step for a number reasons: first, the renewable energy or RPS provisions of Michigan's 2008 energy law time out in 2015, so we've got a couple of years left in the renewable provisions. I think you're all aware that there was a pretty visible and loud debate in Michigan this past year around renewable energy. There was a proposal -- a constitutional amendment proposed to require 25% by 2025. And that didn't pass, actually went down pretty soundly. But it did raise the issue of what should we or shouldn't we do with renewable energy in the future. And I think the governor wants to step in and make his voice heard on that. And in getting himself ready to do that, wants to gather facts. He also wants to evaluate our energy efficiency investments, their effectiveness, whether the level of investment is right or should decrease or increase. And again, I think he's -- I think his instinct is that these sorts of investments makes sense, but he wants to get the facts and study whether he really thinks they've been effective and should be changed in any way. Third, the governor also knows that we're going to face decisions about investments in new power plants in the state as some of our all older coal-fired plants are retired over time. And he'd like to take a look at what makes the most sense for the state longer term, the type of assets, the timing of the assets and so forth. And then finally, the governor wants to evaluate Michigan's choice provisions. As you all know, the Michigan 2008 law set our choice cap at 10%. There have been advocates of increasing that 10%. There have been advocates of lowering it or eliminating it. This administration and the governor have not been an advocate of expanding choice. But I think the governor will want to use this review to weigh in on that issue as well. Chairman John Quackenbush of the Public Service Commission is playing a lead role in this overall review for the governor. I think that's great because John certainly has a broad understanding of our industry and knows how energy companies work. We'll also be active participants in this review process, and I am confident that the process is going to be productive both for us and for the state. I am going to turn now to growth opportunities in our nonutility businesses on Slide 17. And some of the best of those opportunities are in our Gas Storage & Pipelines business. We're active in 3 growth platforms. On the left side of the page or map here, you see our Vector and storage platform laid out, which includes our Vector Pipeline and our Michigan storage. On the right side of the slide, you see the Marcellus platform, which includes our Millennium Pipeline and the Bluestone Pipeline. And then on the middle of the page is the emerging Utica platform and our proposed NEXUS Gas Transmission line. I want to spend a few minutes updating you on developments, particularly in the right-hand side of this page, the Marcellus platform and the Utica platform. And let's turn to Slide 18 to do that. In the middle of the page, around the Marcellus platform, we are very busy right now with our Bluestone Pipeline. The southern portion of the pipe is in service. We're delivering gas through Bluestone into the Tennessee Pipeline. We're also very active building gathering lines from wells that are being drilled to the Bluestone pipe. We continue to work the northern end of the pipe. It's nearing completion. It will be completed and put in service in the first quarter at northern end ties into our Millennium Pipeline. One of the updates I have for you is that we are seeing expanded opportunities in gathering around the Bluestone Pipeline versus what we anticipated when we came into the project. And so the estimate of capital that we will invest in and around Bluestone has gone from roughly $300 million now to $500 million. And frankly, we're going to be in discussions with additional producers around Bluestone for what we hope will turn into additional flow to the pipe and perhaps more gathering investments as well. So feels like our investments there have moved from the $300 million range to the $500 million range and we will hope we can continue to expand on that. In parallel, we are expanding the Millennium Pipeline, as you see described there at the bottom of the middle column. We're also working the Utica platform. You saw last year that we proposed the NEXUS Gas Transmission, which is a roughly $1.5 billion investment and a pipeline from Eastern Ohio into Michigan and then ultimately delivering on to Ontario as well. We are partnered with Enbridge and Spectra in sponsoring that pipe. We did have a nonbinding open season last year closed in late November. We did have a healthy expression of interest from drillers in the Utica, which was encouraging to us. So here's how things feel. The Utica is still early in its development, but we do continue to hear positive feedback from the E&P companies that are active there. And our sense is that they know that if the Utica plays out the way they sense it will and expect it to, that the existing takeaway capacity in that region just isn't going to be sufficient to get their gas to market. And thus, there are positive expressions of interest in our open season. That said, the pipe is going to take some time to develop. It's early. We're projecting it to come online in late 2016. So when you look at the storage and pipeline investment agenda for us over the next 3 or 4 years, you should expect to see us focused on heavy investment in our Bluestone Pipeline and related gathering around the pipeline, $0.5 billion, perhaps more. And in parallel with that, you'll see us working to bring the NEXUS pipeline to fruition and set that up as the next platform that we'll be able to invest in as perhaps the Bluestone area matures. Our Power & Industrial business is also continuing to develop a number of opportunities. So moving on to Slide 19, this business line is involved in 3 areas: industrial energy services, renewable energy and reduced emission fuel. Probably the most significant thing that happened in the industrial energy services arena, on the left, is that last year we acquired 14 projects from Duke, which brought our total on-site energy projects to 33 in 11 states, and we've integrated that acquisition and this is our first year of full operations. So that's what's new in that segment. In the renewable energy segment, we now own 5 wood-fired plants, 4 of those that are in operation. We have a big one in construction this year that we will finish up construction in the fourth quarter and put that plant into operation. So that's the big development in that area this year and that'll be an important growth item next year. And then in the reduced emission fuel arena, on the right, as you know, we have a total of 9 of these units, 6 of them are in operation. We do have a seventh now cited and we are working in construction and plan to have that in operation mid -- in the mid-part of this year. And then we got the final 2 machines that we are negotiating with host sites that we plan to relocate this year. Now that array of developments in this business that I just described have taken earnings in the P&I segment from $38 million in 2011 to $52 million last year, and we're projecting $60 million to $70 million this year. And with that, I am going to turn things over to David Meador to provide a financial update.
David E. Meador: Thanks, Gerry. I will go through the financial updates, starting on Slide 21, and try to do that quickly so we can open up for Q&A. Operating earnings for 2012 came in strong at $3.94 per share. And just as a reminder, there's a reconciliation in the Appendix where we provide our GAAP reported earnings reconciliation. So starting on the left-hand side of the slide. DTE Electric earned $2.81 per share. This is a significant step-up from our initial guidance range for the segment of $2.56 to $2.62 per share and this was driven by warm summer weather. DTE Gas came in at $0.67 per share, hitting the top end of our guidance. Gas distribution system improvements and onetime cost actions outpaced the impact of a record warm winter in 2012. And then nonutility businesses, Gas Storage & Pipelines earned $0.36 per share and Power & Industrial earned $0.30 per share. These results are at the high end of the guidance for these segments and were driven by strong performance at several projects. Energy Trading finished the year at $0.07. And finally, Corporate & Other incurred a loss of $0.27 per share. As Gerry indicated, the total year was not only higher than our original guidance midpoint of $3.80, which we projected our 5% to 6% growth off of, but it was also higher than the last guidance midpoint of $3.90 provided at the fall EEI conference. I'd like to congratulate all of the employees at DTE Energy for another great year on many fronts, including all the initiatives that Gerry covered, but also on our financial performance. Now turning to Slide 22 and a summary of the year-over-year performance by segment. Operating earnings for consolidated DTE Energy are up $40 million for the year or $0.19 per share. DTE Electric's operating earnings was $483 million, up $40 million from the prior year. The favorable year-over-year performance was driven by warmer-than-normal summer this year. As a reminder, in 2011, an electric decoupling mechanism was in effect. And then in 2012, due to favorable weather again and the absence of decoupling, we were able to leverage this favorability and initiate a reinvestment program dedicated to enhancing the performance of the electric distribution system and power plant reliability. On the sales front, we continued to see stability in the underlying electric load and project long-term load growth of 1% after energy efficiency. DTE Gas had operating earnings of $115 million, a $5 million improvement over the prior year. The favorability was driven by continuous improvement initiatives on the gas distribution system, which yielded benefits in the form of reduced gas leaks and lower lost gas expense. We also had a series of onetime items that worked to offset the unfavorable impact of a record warm winter in 2012. For nonutility segments, Gas Storage & Pipelines was up $4 million and that was driven by increased storage and transportation revenues. And Power & Industrial projects was up $14 million, driven by the increase in reduced emission fuels earnings. And Gerry took you through the update on that where we have 6 machines now up and running. Energy Trading is down $40 million year-over-year due to reduced market opportunities. And for your reference, we provided our standard economic to accounting earnings block for this segment in the Appendix. And then lastly, Corporate & Other is up $17 million and that's driven primarily by lower interest expense. Now if you'll turn to Slide 23, we'll shift to look forward for -- in terms of our guidance for the year. We're reiterating our guidance provided at the fall EEI conference of $3.85 to $4.15 per share with the midpoint of $4 and this is slightly above the 5% growth off our original midpoint guidance of last year of $3.80. Let me do a quick walk-through of the components here. DTE Electric's guidance is $475 million to $485 million. And the key drivers here are additional renewables growth and then continued cost control and planned normal weather. DTE's Gas guidance is $113 million to $118 million, and this assumes normal weather for 2013 and a full year impact of the rate increase. We also expect to have a constructive outcome on the infrastructure recovery mechanism that will play out through the rate case that we expect to come to close in April. Gas Storage & Pipelines is targeted to have healthy growth year-over-year with a $62 million to $67 million in earnings and this is driven by the Bluestone Pipeline going into initial service and the Millennium expansion. Power & Industrial will also see healthy increases year-over-year to $60 million to $70 million, driven primarily by REF relocations. And then at Energy Trading, we're targeting earnings at a conservative range of $10 million to $30 million, and the holding company will improve year-over-year due to lower interest expense and taxes. So the total 2013 guidance is approximately $700 million at midpoint. Now transitioning to 2012 cash and capital on Slide 24. This slide provides our year-over-year cash flow and capital spending performance. Overall, net cash was flat year-to-year. Increased capital expenditure, primarily in our nonutility businesses, were driven by the Bluestone Pipeline and the landmark on-site energy business acquisition. These were offset by improved cash from operations and the sale of our remaining unconventional gas business in the Barnett Shale. The improved cash from operations was principally driven by increased surcharge collection at the utilities. That was partially offset by higher corporate tax payments. Now looking forward to 2013 cash flows and guidance on Slide 25. Cash from operations is projected at $1.8 billion. It's slightly lower than 2012 due to higher benefit plan contributions, higher gas inventory purchases and lower surcharge collections. Capital is projected to increase to $2.2 billion, which I'll cover in more detail on the next slide. And we're also projecting that we'll issue $300 million of equity through our DRIP and pension plans and that's consistent with what we've communicated in terms of our long-term equity plans. Turning to Slide 26. It's our summary on capital spending. We expect to spend $2.2 billion this year, which is up 6.5% over 2012. About $1.6 billion of that is being spent at DTE Electric. Here, operational capital is higher as we continue to focus on both on power plant and electric distribution reliability. In addition to operational capital, environmental spending will increase to $335 million. As Gerry outlined, we'll continue the work at our Monroe facility. And also we are starting the deployment of dry sorbent technology, or DSI, at our plants to meet our 2015 compliance plans. Our renewable investments will continue also, as Gerry outlined, with $200 million targeted for the year and that's primarily tied to the Echo Wind Park, which will go into service by the end of 2013. DTE Gas is expecting flat year-over-year capital spending, but this is up compared to historical levels. And it's a significant step over depreciation levels as we contribute to the rate base growth in this business. 2013 will see a shift in the mix of capital spending with an increased investment in infrastructure-related main replacements and moving meters to the outside of customer homes. And then the nonutility businesses are projected to spend $400 million with the focus on the Bluestone Pipeline and gathering system and investments at the Power & Industrial projects. On a related front, as part of our investment program, the governor asked us in 2011 to look for opportunities to drive greater capital and O&M spending to Michigan companies as part of what is known here as the Pure Michigan Procurement Initiative. Our goal in 2012 was to target $575 million to be spent in Michigan with a longer-term target of $725 million by 2015. I'm happy to report this morning that we exceeded both those goals by driving over $800 million and 7,000 jobs into the Michigan economy in 2012. And we're not finished there. There's plenty of more work to do. Now moving to Slide 27 and an update on the balance sheet. As we grow our earnings, we continue to remain focused on maintaining our balance sheet. And our leverage and our cash flow metrics are comfortably within our targeted ranges. I'm also happy that Moody's upgraded DTE Energy and DTE Electric and DTE Gas. Fitch also upgraded DTE Gas recently and that was a follow-on to Fitch's upgrade to both utilities received in January of 2012. Last year, we financed over $450 million in debt, saving over $8 million in interest on an annualized basis. And then we have another $1.3 billion in debt maturing over the next 2 years, which will give us much more opportunity to further reduce interest expense. We also issued $180 million of equity last year through internal methods, and this was lower than our plan due to strong cash performance in 2012. And as I mentioned, we expect to issue $300 million of equity going forward each year. So let me wrap up on Slide 28, and then we'll take your questions. We continue to execute our growth plan that we've outlaid -- outlined for you. This has delivered 7% growth since 2008. And when you couple that with our dividend, which has grown 5.4% over the last 3 years, it provides in excess of our targeted 9% to 10% total shareholder return. Our utility growth that Gerry laid out for you is set in a very constructive and recovering Michigan environment. We continue to make significant investments in the utilities driven by environmental and infrastructure investments. We remain focused everyday on maintaining constructive regulatory contact and we understand that's something that we have to continue to stay focused as we earn it every single day. As Gerry outlined in our priority chart, we have a highly engaged workforce that's committed to using continuous improvement tools to improve customer service and continue to drive efficiencies in the business. And we also have substantial growth ahead of us in our nonutility businesses, driven near term by Bluestone and the REF projects. And our goal is to have the 2 businesses, the Gas Midstream and Power & Industrial businesses, earn a combined $260 million by 2017. And you can learn more about those growth plans and other growth plans at our analyst meeting on May 1 and also meet members of the management team. So with that, I'll wrap up, and thank you for joining us. And Casey, we would open it up for questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Kevin Cole with Crédit Suisse.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess, first on the midstream and the NEXUS pipeline, I guess, as it shows on Slide 17, it appears that the NEXUS pipeline better optimizes your current midstream and storage footprint. And so how do you expect the NEXUS pipeline to do this with your current assets and what other growth projects you see kind of like building off this pipe?
Gerard M. Anderson: Well, the interesting thing about NEXUS -- but, first of all, it's just a raw play on what we think is going to be a great resource in Eastern Ohio. And we have a market approximate to those resources in Michigan that is looking for added diversity of supply. But Ontario, if you studied dynamics in Ontario, Ontario gas use is really strong in terms of growth, particularly as they transition their power generation sector away from coal to natural gas. So they're -- they project a strong need for this, and thus, we've got 2 Canadian partners sponsoring the pipe. The other interesting thing about the project is that it plays right into our storage platform in Michigan and -- right across the river in Dawn, Ontario, there's another major Canadian storage platform. So the pipe not only brings supply, but it brings it into one of the largest storage hubs in North America. And as these shale resources come on and really dominate, they're going to need storage assets and storage hubs like the one that we have in Michigan and Western Ontario to help them deal with a relatively flat supply versus a fluctuating load. So we think it'll be good for the future development of our storage as well. The Vector Pipeline, as well, we're interested to see how that's going to play out. Whether we may, in the end, end up pushing Utica supply west through Vector up into Illinois and Wisconsin, we're already serving customers up there, but think that bringing the Utica supply on will give us greater opportunities to continue to use that asset. So I think the point of your question was that if it's something that helps us optimize existing assets, and I would agree with you, that we think as it develops it'll be a great fit.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Good. I guess, Gerry, while I have you, I guess, we've been hearing a lot from the Obama administration and other involved parties regarding carbon policy. And I know you're chairing the EEI CEO panel to address carbon. So I was kind of hoping to get your initial thoughts on where you see carbon policy going and whether the prior policy that were set -- or the policy targets set by EEI are a reasonable starting point?
Gerard M. Anderson: When you say the prior, are you talking about in the prior legislative rounds of discussion?
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right, back in 2007 and '08 when this was more topical?
Gerard M. Anderson: Yes. Well, a couple of comments. This time, because the legislature has not been able to agree on anything around climate change, the emphasis is going to shift to the EPA. One of the things that needs to be understood is the degrees of freedom that the EPA has to act. And I have had pretty sophisticated lawyers taking a look at the language of the Clean Air Act to understand what the EPA can and can't do. And what's clear is that it's not very clear and it's not very tested. They will act under a segment -- a section of the Clean Air Act that has not been the primary area of activity in the past. And so what they can do there is not well understood. So one thing I would say is both the industry and the EPA need to understand that more clearly and discuss the approach. I can almost assure you that, that's going to get tested in the courts. The courts are ultimately going to determine the EPA's degrees of freedom. I think the industry, as to whether the legislation would represent a starting point, the industry is not that far along in terms of thinking it through. I think what we need to do and one of the things that I and my role will be trying to do is see if we can come to a common viewpoint as to what we think is productive for our industry, productive for the country and so forth. But we're pretty early in that thinking and I would not assume that the discussions back in '07 and '08 are necessarily the starting point for discussions with the EPA.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brian Chin with Citi.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Dave, I've got a question for you on Slide 25. On the cash flow from operations guidance, can you just break down a little bit the reduction in cash from operations? I do see your little footnote at the bottom in terms of equity issued. So if we take that into account, it looks like there's about $0.5 billion of reduction in cash from operations. So if you could just give a little bit more color around those comments that you have over to the right side of the slide?
David E. Meador: I would actually start by pointing out on Slide 24 that we actually had a, what I would describe, as more of a temporary peak in cash from operations in 2012. So if you look at the $2.2 billion compared to 2011 cash from ops or even if you went back a prior year that we had higher cash from operations this year, partly due to these onetime items that are coming through. So we had tracker collections or surcharge collections and we also the timing of our benefit payments that did not happen in '12 that are going to happen in '13. So when you put this together and kind of normalize some of the onetime items, I wouldn't characterize this as a reduction in cash from ops as actually when you get into '13 we're at a more normal level if you looked at our long-term planning. So it's more nuanced between what played into 2012 versus a reduction in 2013.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Mark Barnett with Morningstar.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question on the REF units. You placed one, you've got another, you've got another couple you're in talks with. Is there any possibility that you can talk about maybe some -- the length on the contracts where you're placing these and maybe with the 5 that were already in place last year?
Gerard M. Anderson: I missed what you said. What would you like to know about the contracts?
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Oh, I'm sorry, the duration.
Gerard M. Anderson: Oh, the duration. The contracts generally run through the end of the tax credit period, which is out in the 2020-2021 time frame. And so they run through the life of the credit. They could be extended beyond that because these units have environmental value. But as you know, the credits give quite an economic punch to the project. So that's where we've contracted.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I know that this won't necessarily impact you as you are planning to kind of stay out. But I'm wondering if in the governor's proposals, do you expect to see, there's been a little bit of talk around this, maybe a change to the self-implementation process for rates?
Gerard M. Anderson: Well, I think it's probably premature to say. There have been questions around it, primarily coming out of the House. The House has a lot of new members, many of whom weren't even around in 2008 when that whole concept was developed and implemented. The Senate has -- in fact, the guy who runs the Senate Energy Committee was a principal author of the legislation while he was in the House. So you don't see questions coming out of the Senate. But in the House, you do have newer members. John Quackenbush was actually there to testify the other day, started to field questions on that topic and other topics that are just general to how does the law work and what was the rationale for various provisions being put in place and so forth. So I would say it's early. There has -- John Quackenbush has come out and generally said, look, I -- we've got a 1-year limit on rate cases. Maybe we ought to just make rate cases even faster. And if you do that, it kind of makes the self-implement moot. So it's a 12-month. If we back up into 12-month, then your 6-month self-implement, at some point, becomes not that important. So that's a possibility, too, that we would target somewhat shorter rate cases and just say we're going to do them in 8 months, for example, and that's, that and which should be fine with us if that's the way it played out.
Operator: And at this time, we have no further questions. I'd like to turn the conference back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
David E. Meador: All right. I just want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. As you know, this was a pretty upbeat call for us. We're really pleased with what happened in 2012, and we're looking forward to deliver on our commitments again in 2013. And we look forward to seeing you at our analyst meeting on May 1. Thank you.
Gerard M. Anderson: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Member of Internal Risk Management Committee Peter B. Oleksiak - Vice President of Finance and Member of Internal Risk Management Committee Daniel G. Brudzynski - Former Vice President Don Stanczak
Analysts: Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Caroline Bone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Naaz Khumawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research Andrew Levi Timothy Yee - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Kevin Fallon
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the DTE Energy Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dave Meador. Please go ahead, sir.
David E. Meador: Thank you, and good morning, everybody. And thank you for joining us. And just to start off here, welcome to our third quarter call. And as we're getting started, I encourage you to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2 of the document, including the reference to our forward-looking statements. Turning to Slide 3. With me this morning are Peter Oleksiak, our Senior Vice President of Finance; and Dan Brudzynski, who is our recently appointed Vice President and Treasurer. And if you recall, Dan was the Vice President of Regulatory Affairs and before that, Controller, and now is back in finance in the treasury role. And then Mark Rolling, our Director of Investor Relations. I also have members of the management team with me if needed during the Q&A session. Now turning to Slide 4. This morning, we're going to cover our third quarter results and give you an update on our outlook for the remainder of this year. We'll also be at EEI, which is a little over 2 weeks away, where we will provide additional details and our growth plans. So let's turn to Slide 5. Our investment thesis summarizes how we think about growing the business and delivering value to our shareholders. We have a disciplined plan that provides 5% to 6% long-term earnings per share growth. And if you combine that with our current annualized dividend of $2.48 per share, we deliver a total shareholder return of 9% to 10%. And as always, this is all underpinned with one of our key priorities of maintaining a strong balance sheet. We have solid growth plans at both of our utilities. At Detroit Edison, that growth is driven primarily by environmental mandates in the form of mission controls and renewable energy. And at MichCon, the growth is driven by infrastructure investments, including cast iron main replacements and a program to move gas meters outside of customers' homes. Here in Michigan, our utilities operate in a constructive regulatory environment, which is supported by solid legislation that was passed in 2008. And we believe our responsibility is to earn that construct every day. We utilize our continuous improvement capabilities in everything we do to control cost, to minimize rate increases and to improve the quality of service that we provide our customers. On the nonutility side of the business, we continue to capitalize on the growth opportunities we see in our Gas Storage & Pipelines segment and the Power & Industrial businesses. Turning to Slide 6, is an overview for the quarter. Our operating earnings for the third quarter came in at $1.31 per share compared to $1.07 per share in the third quarter of last year. And with 3 quarters of the year now behind us, including the summer cooling season at Detroit Edison, we're confident in narrowing the earnings guidance to $3.80 to $4 per share. And at the same time, increasing the midpoint by $0.10 to $3.90. Like much of the Midwest, the last 2 summers here in Michigan were warmer than normal. But during the third quarter of last year, the revenue decoupler at Detroit Edison covered weather, so we didn't see the earnings benefit last year. Now that the elimination of the decoupling mechanism at Detroit Edison in April of this year, we see the impact of this summer's warm weather flowing to the bottom line. MichCon, which typically has an operating loss in the third quarter, saw the benefit of higher transportation and storage revenue, along with lower O&M cost. And this resulted in a small operating income for the quarter. Earnings at the Power & Industrial projects were up over third quarter of last year as the REF business line continues to ramp up. And the combination of some unique trading opportunities in last year's third quarter and a tough market condition this year resulted in lower quarter-over-quarter earnings at Energy Trading. Peter will take you through additional details in the third quarter results for each business line in a few minutes. Our balance sheet remains strong and we generated $1.7 billion in cash from operations through the third quarter of the year. In fact, the results and the strong cash performance are coming out so strong that we are increasing our cash flow guidance for 2012. And Dan will take you through both cash flows and capital spending in greater detail in a few slides. We have been talking to you about our intent to exit the E&P business. And late last year, we laid out our plan to prove up an oil formation in the Barnett acreage, referred to as the Marble Falls. We have been a front-runner in this newly emerging oil-rich formation, which is located just above the Barnett Shale. We completed our drilling plan for the year, and we're making good progress towards full monetization of these assets. We opened our data room in early September and the bids are due at the end of this week. So we'll be able to keep you posted on our progress and give you an update at EEI in a couple of weeks. Now if I can shift to the growth areas of the company. We're making substantial investments from renewable energy at Detroit Edison. If you look at the wind generation that we already have online and the investments that we're making, including the PPAs that are underway, now we will soon have 700 megawatts of renewable energy capacity. This is nearly 8.5%, which is well on our way to meeting the renewable energy standard at Michigan, which is 10% by 2015, which we believe is a good standard and a sensible approach to renewable energy in Michigan. On the nonutility side of the business, we're excited about the growth potential surrounding both the Gas Midstream assets that we have in the Marcellus Shale region. Our first major growth project is the Bluestone lateral and gathering system, and that's moving along nicely. We've secured all the permits and right-of-ways and construction is underway as we speak. We expect to have a lateral pipe in service by the end of the year. And additionally, the gathering system will support our anchor tenant, Southwestern Energy, as they continue to draw wells ahead of that lateral being put in service. More recently, we announced a new proposed pipeline in the Utica Shale. This pipe would be developed jointly with Enbridge and Spectra to move gas from the Utica Shale to markets in Ohio, Michigan and Ontario, Canada. This would originate in Northeast Ohio and travel into Michigan, where it would interconnect with the Vector Pipeline, which provides access also into Ontario. It would be a 250-mile large diameter pipe and capable of moving at least 1 Bcf of gas a day. The initial investment is estimated to be $1.5 billion and our share would be 1/3 or $500 million. We're currently running an open season on this proposed pipe and that would run through the end of November. And we'll work with interested parties to establish binding agreements in the first half of next year. And if the timing goes as planned, that pipe would go into service in early 2016. We expect these new projects to provide substantial growth in earnings and help take the Gas Storage & Pipelines business from $60 million in earnings this year to $100 million in earnings by 2015. In the P&I segment, we're seeing good operational performance and throughput at our 5 sited REF machines. If you remember, there's 9 in total. And we're making good progress in siting the remaining 4. In fact, 1 of the 4 began commercial operations at a non-DTE site earlier this week. And we've executed agreements with another utility to relocate a unit at one of their sites. We're also engaged in advance discussions with several other potential host sites for the remaining 2 machines. So we're making good progress there. On the earnings call last quarter, I announced that we were acquiring a portfolio of on-site energy projects from Duke Energy for a little over $200 million. As of last week, we closed on 12 of the 14 projects and expect to close on the remaining 2 sometime next month. Going forward, we see these projects contributing to our growth aspiration for the Power & Industrial projects from $50 million in earnings this year to $125 million by 2016. Now if we can turn to Page 7. I'd like to shift gears and give you an update on some developments on the regulatory front. MichCon is in the midst of a general rate case that was filed in April. At the end of September, we filed testimony with the Michigan Public Service Commission to self-implement up to $34 million beginning in November. This case will continue to play out over the next several months with the final decision no later than April of next year. At Detroit Edison, we were successful in reaching a constructive outcome related to the termination of the revenue decoupling mechanism and the related $127 million regulatory liability. As you might recall back in April, the Michigan Court of Appeals issued a decision that the MPSC exceeded its authority when it ordered Detroit Edison to adopt a revenue decoupling mechanism. Through the first quarter of 2012, Detroit Edison had accrued $127 million liability related to the pilot RDM, which represents hot weather, primarily in prior years, 2010 and 2011. Rather than taking the full $127 million into income upon the Court of Appeals decision, we filed an accounting application seeking authority to amortize that amount into income in 2014. The accounting treatment combined with other cost-saving actions would help offset the need for new rates in 2014 and is a key component of our plan to potentially push out the need for base rate increases until 2015. On September 25, the MPSC issued an order granting our request. Now turning to Slide 8. I'd like to provide an update on our 2012 earnings guidance. With 3 quarters of the year behind us, including a warmer-than-normal summer, we're confident in narrowing and raising our earnings per share guidance for the year. At Detroit Edison, the weather favorability not only allows us to increase the earnings guidance but also provide an opportunity for us to reinvest in our electric systems to improve the distribution system and power plant reliability. This includes things like line clearance and preventative maintenance to the distribution systems, power plants and our vehicle fleet. The outlook for MichCon has improved as well. You may recall that the unusually warm winter created quite a hole in MichCon in the first quarter. And we began signaling that they'd have to work really hard to hit even the bottom end of the range of their guidance. As a result of some one-time cost reduction actions that the team implemented, we're confident in reaffirming MichCon's earning guidance of $110 million to $115 million. The storage and transportation revenue at the Gas Storage & Pipelines segments are coming in strong, pushing guidance for this segment to a point estimate now of $60 million. Finally, Energy Trading continues to see fewer opportunities in a challenging and choppy market. So from where we stand now, we think the guidance range of $10 million to $25 million is appropriate, which includes approximately $10 million of after-tax roll-on that we expect to show up in the fourth quarter. So in total, we're confident in raising the midpoint of our earnings per share guidance to $3.90 with the range of $3.80 to $4 per share. And with that, I'll pass it over to Peter, who will take you through some additional details on the quarter.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start on Page 10 and third quarter earnings results for the quarter. DTE's operating earnings per share was $1.31. Detroit Edison contributed $1.13 and MichCon, which typically incurs an operating loss this quarter, actually came in $0.02 positive income. And I'll talk about more of that coming up. The nonutility segments combined to earn $0.22. The drivers to the nonutility second quarter results were Power & Industrial at $0.13; Gas Storage & Pipelines at $0.08; Energy Trading at $0.01; and finally, Corporate & Other had a loss of $0.06 in the quarter. Let's move to Slide 11 as summary of the quarter-over-quarter performance by segment. Operating earnings for consolidated DTE Energy were up $44 million in the quarter or $0.24 per share. Detroit Edison's operating earnings was at $194 million, up $37 million from the prior year. The favorable year-over-year performance was driven by warmer-than-normal weather flowing this year through earnings. Last year, a revenue decoupling mechanism was in effect, which temperature-normalized revenues. Now we continue to see stability in underlying load at our electric segment with temperature-normalized sales flat in the quarter net of a 1% impact of energy efficiency program reductions. Service territory industrial sales continued to grow, up 3% year-to-date. As noted earlier, the third quarter is typically a loss for our seasonal gas utility business. However, MichCon had an operating gain of $4 million for the quarter, up $15 million from prior year. The improvement to earnings was driven by higher transportation and storage service revenues along with lower lost gas expense in the quarter and lower O&M. This quarter is a clear demonstration that our continuous improvement efforts are paying off at MichCon. For example, the improvement in lost gas expense this quarter is a direct result of improvements in reducing fiscal losses through a series of operational improvements in system and in interconnects, improvements in metering technology and a step-up in distribution reliability investments. Our nonutility segments are down $8 million in total, primarily driven by our Energy Trading segment, partially offset by higher earnings at the 3 other segments. Energy Trading is down $21 million in this quarter year-over-year. The year-over-year results are driven by a combination of a stronger-than-normal third quarter 2011. And a larger portion of this year's economic performance is subject to accounting timing. For your reference, we provided our standard year-to-date economic to accounting earnings loss for this segment in the appendix, which shows the economic earnings in '12 versus '11. Another driver in the quarter-over-quarter performance is Power & Industrial project segment, which was up $10 million. This is driven primarily by the growth in our REF business line. Unconventional Gas Production improved earnings $2 million, breaking even in the quarter. The improvement was driven by higher oil production. Our production is up actually 97% year-over-year. As Dave mentioned, we are in the final strokes of a targeted year-end sales process for those properties. Finally, Gas Storage & Pipelines segment was up $1 million for the quarter to $14 million, and like MichCon, benefit from higher storage and transportation revenues. That concludes an update on the earnings for the quarter. And I'll turn the discussion over to our Treasurer, Dan Brudzynski, who will cover cash flow and capital expenditures.
Daniel G. Brudzynski: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin, let me say it's good to be back here within finance at DTE. And I look forward to working closer with all of you on this call in the future. As I take over from our prior Treasurer, Nick Khouri, our commitment to cash flow and prudent balance sheet management remains a strong as ever. Now turning to Slide 13 and year-to-date cash flow and capital spending. 2012 cash flows are up, driven by increased cash recovery at the utilities, primarily related to the PSCR and the choice tracker regulatory recovery mechanisms in 2012 and an early 2011 cash pension contribution. This is slightly offset for the year by higher corporate tax payments. Capital spending is slightly higher in 2012 due to our investments in the Bluestone pipeline, as David mentioned, and higher base operating capital at the utilities, slightly offset by some lower renewables investment, a reminder that 2011 includes some large investments in our Gratiot wind park, which has since been placed into service. Then moving onto Slide 14 and the outlook for the year. We are raising our guidance for cash from operations to $2.2 billion, driven by warm summer weather, again we plan for the year at weather-normal levels, and the impact of the RDM court ruling at Detroit Edison. Our original guidance at the beginning of the year assumed the decoupling balances we have begun to be refunded to customers this year. And as Dave mentioned earlier, the RDM amortization will begin in 2014. In addition, cash at our nonutility businesses is also expected to be higher in 2012. Capital spending is projected to be higher also. You'll see that detail to the right on the slide, where nonutility investments are up as a result of the acquisition of the on-site energy project portfolio from Duke Energy within our Power & Industrial group this October. We also anticipate a slight remixing of CapEx at Detroit Edison but still yielding roughly a total of $1.2 billion. And finally, finishing up with a look at the balance sheet and our credit metrics on Slide 15. Leverage and FFO to debt remained well within our targeted ranges. Liquidity is strong and our rating agency outlooks are positive. We've issued $160 million in equity year-to-date into our pension and benefit [indiscernible] program for the year. And now for the third quarter wrap-up, it's back over to you, Dave.
David E. Meador: Thanks, Dan. As we laid out for you, the results through the first 3 quarters are very solid. With a benefit of favorable summer weather, we're able to reinvest in our electric generation distribution systems and confidently raise the midpoint of our earnings guidance per share by $0.10. Setting aside the unusual weather this year, which is providing upside at Detroit Edison and pressure at MichCon, on a temperature-normal basis, both utilities are on track to earn their authorized returns. Longer term, the utility growth plans are underpinned by mandated environmental-related investments and we're also seeing nice growth opportunities at the nonutility businesses. When you put this altogether, they combine to provide an overall long-term earnings growth per share of 5% to 6%. And as we indicated, we always do this by maintaining a strong balance sheet and solid cash flows. We'll be at EEI in a little over 2 weeks, as I mentioned, and we hope to get a chance to see many of you there. For those of you not going to EEI, you can tune in to Gerry Anderson's presentation via the webcast, Tuesday morning, which is at 9:45 a.m., Mountain Time. And that's 11:45 a.m. for those of you in the Eastern time zone. And you'll be able to join that webcast through our Investors section on our website. And now we would be happy to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Mark Barnett with Morningstar.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick things. With the RDM gone, what's the likelihood that you look to address volumetric changes through some other alternative mechanism?
David E. Meador: Well, it's possible down the road. As we've indicated, our approach and strategy right now is to stay out of rate cases for multiple years. So if everything works out, well, we would not be filing a rate case until 2014 for 2015 base rate changes. In the meantime though, and you can certainly check this out with CMS in a couple of days, they have filed a rate case, where they have proposed a mechanism to basically address what you're talking about. So we'll watch that rate case go through. And I think there is some openness to dealing with some of the volume changes, especially that might come through in between rate cases relative to energy efficiency.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And with that, should you propose such a filing that wouldn't require a full base rate case though? Is that correct?
David E. Meador: Don, do you want to take that question? Don Stanczak is our Director of Regulatory Affairs.
Don Stanczak: No. Typically, if you're looking to implement any kind of tracker, it has to happen within a rate case.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And just one more item. It's a small thing, but can you give a little bit of detail on what was driving your stronger transportation and storage results, given that many of your peers have felt some significant pressure on those businesses so far this year?
Peter B. Oleksiak: Even the combination of the storage was really with the -- a lot of the natural gas here in the region and really finding a home for that storage. And so we were seeing, on a short-term basis, some favorable margins and took advantage of that both in our MichCon and our GSP segment. On the transportation, actually our Millennium Pipeline is benefiting from that Marcellus Shale production, and we're seeing that in the results.
Operator: And our next question will come from Caroline Bone with Deutsche Bank.
Caroline Bone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: You had said on the Q2 earnings call that storm expense would offset maybe about 1/2 of the weather benefit in July. Could you quantify what that was for the quarter?
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes. Quarter overall had a $50 million weather impact. So the storm expense, actually we had that first storm in the July. Actually from then, we didn't really have a lot of catastrophic storms. Actually year-over-year, if you look at it, storm expense is down on a year-over-year basis. So we did see most of that margin favorably flow through.
David E. Meador: So that was -- if you'd go back to that second quarter call, we were only into really a month of the quarter. And at that time, we've just come through a pretty bad storm in July. But as the rest of the quarter played out, there was margin favorability way beyond that storm. So the storm offsetting half of the margin improvement is not accurate. It turned out to be a lot less than that for the quarter.
Operator: And our next question will come from Naaz Khumawala.
Naaz Khumawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a quick question for you all. If you don't mind, what base are you using for the 5% to 6% growth rate?
David E. Meador: You should, when you're looking at forward years, use our original guidance of $3.80 per share.
Naaz Khumawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So not on the new midpoint of the new 2012 range?
David E. Meador: No. One way to think about it is what we're seeing in this uptick is primarily weather, which is not normal weather. So after seeing coming through at Detroit Edison and so on a forward-looking basis, the right grounding point is $3.80.
Naaz Khumawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Understood. And then I think you'd said, and sorry if I missed this in the prepared remarks, but that some of the weather was -- you did a reinvestment of O&M?
David E. Meador: Yes.
Naaz Khumawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: How much is that? And then how much -- so an ongoing basis, kind of what level of O&M should we expect?
Peter B. Oleksiak: Right now, we're looking at investing probably around $20 million to $30 million of O&M back in the businesses. Early on, when we saw the weather impact swing the other way, first quarter, we actually put some continuous improvement in one-time cost actions. So absolute O&M probably will be up around $20 million, but we're targeting probably closer to $30 million from our reinvestment. And it really is one-time type of investments, kind of shoring up our distribution systems, our power plant reliability type of expenditures.
Naaz Khumawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes. No, that makes sense. And then if you can talk about kind of over the summer, did you see -- given the hot weather, was all your generation running, assuming there was no differentiation due to gas prices or anything?
David E. Meador: No. In Michigan or even in the Midwest, there's very, very little gas switching capability. As a matter of fact, [indiscernible] if you look at it on a capacity basis, it's even 10% of the capacity and [indiscernible] can switch to gas. So the coal plants run predominantly all out because we don't have that capability.
Peter B. Oleksiak: And actually, our coal plants are having a good year from reliability.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Brian Chin with Citi.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: On Slide 14 for Detroit Edison, the capital expenditure guidance numbers have moved around a little bit between environmental and renewables. Can you just talk about that a little bit? And then also just a longer-term CapEx story for '13 and '14, is that going to be given out at EEI? Or what's your thought about giving a little bit longer-term view on CapEx?
David E. Meador: Right. On the -- first, on the capital of what's playing out in the renewables, as we accelerated some of our renewables spend because we were -- like many, we're looking at the potential for extension of PTCs and trying to watch for unserviced date. And at the same time, we were also getting great opportunities on the procurement side. So there was a conscious decision there to pull ahead some of the spending. And on the environmental, what is playing out there is the success that we're experiencing on the DSI testing. Now if you recall that the DSI testing, we said that it turned out to be much more successful than we thought. And it's causing us to shift some of our capital spending over several years. And we will lay that out at the EEI when we lay out our capital for multiple years. We'll give you that in several weeks. But what you will see is it's going to allow us to make some DSI-related investments over the next couple of years and defer some of what we would've thought we would've been doing on scrubbers on some of our plants. And that will play out in the capital numbers that we'll show you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Andrew Weisel with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research: In terms of weather-adjusted load growth, if I heard correctly, it was about 1% of a negative impact from energy efficiency. So the total number from the supplemental slides here show flat year-over-year load growth. It's a little bit lighter than I was expecting. Can you give a bit more commentary? I mean, we see the macro data on auto sales and things like that. Can you just talk a bit more about what you're seeing and what your expectations are for the next few years?
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes. This is Peter. First, let's talk about the macro indicators. We look at unemployment. Actually this time last year, unemployment was 1% higher, so we're seeing a 1% decline on employment. Housing starts is another key indicator, up about 50%, so seeing some strong housing starts. And as you mentioned from the auto sales on an annualized basis, they've recently just come up with their numbers and they're at 14.9 million units. So we really haven't seen those levels probably for 5 to 6 years. So all indications are real strong from an economic indicator. On the residentials, on a year-to-date, temperature-normalized were flat. And typically for that segment, we will see about a 1% to 2% estimate on energy efficiency. So one way to think about it, we have growth, organic growth happening there that's offset by energy efficiency. The other thing that we really monitor from an economic perspective is the industrial. And we are seeing a 3% growth there year-over-year. And we are seeing strength in the autos and the steel segments.
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay. So do you have any thoughts as far as what you're expecting for, say, '13 or the next few years in terms of weather-adjusted load growth?
Peter B. Oleksiak: We are anticipating probably close to about 1% growth, net of energy efficiency.
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay. So meaning, plus 2, minus 1?
Peter B. Oleksiak: That's correct.
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay. Great. And then my only other question, the lowered expectation for trading business. How should we think about the sort of longer-term run rate of earnings contribution? I know it's very difficult to predict and it's volatile. But should we be taking down kind of numbers from, I believe the prior guidance was about $40 million as a run rate?
David E. Meador: We will give you our early outlook at EEI in a couple of weeks. But what you're seeing in this year, and I think generally, what you're going to see going forward is we want to plan conservatively for that group. We still are not wavering from our 5% to 6% earnings growth projections. But it's a group that whether I do guidance or I'm doing it internally, I don't push them on earnings because I don't want to change the risk profile of that business under any circumstances. So we plan conservatively. And at the same time, we're going to hit our 5% to 6% growth numbers. And we'll outline that by business segment at EEI for you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Andy Levi with Avon Capital.
Andrew Levi: I think most of my questions were answered. So I guess, weather normalized guidance, just to understand it would have been like, $3.65 to $3.85. So we backed out about $0.15 for year-to-date weather. Is that kind of the way to look at it?
David E. Meador: No. We don't -- I don't know I have that at our fingertips. But you can take the excess weather and back that out.
Andrew Levi: It was about like $25 million, right, or something like that? I think it was. Okay.
David E. Meador: Right. But the other thing that's happening here, as we talked about, was O&M. We're trying to be very flexible on how we operate the company to work around weather. So the first half of the year, we were pressing hard down on O&M. Now we find ourselves in a situation where we're reinvesting in O&M. And that's directly related to weather. So I wouldn't doing that otherwise, so you have to net that all together.
Andrew Levi: Okay. And then relative to kind of the Barnett Shale sale and the need or no need for equity -- I mean, again I'm sure it will be something that will be discussed at EEI. But can you kind of give us an idea for '13? Are you not going to need any equity in '13? Is that kind of the way to look at it?
David E. Meador: Well, our base plan that we've laid out hasn't changed, that we're going to be spending significant amounts of capital over the next several years. And we are still projecting that on average, it's about $300 million a year of equity that we would do through our benefit plans and through the pension plan. We are working our way through the Barnett sale, it’s all real-time right now. And as you know, we have a placeholder that we've put in our sources and uses for $300 million. And it's reasonable to say that if we got significantly over $300 million that would put less pressure on the need to issue equity. But we'll be able to update you at EEI. I don't know that we'll be far enough through the sale process. But as that plays out, we're going to lay out a base number on equity for next year. And then again whether the Barnett sale comes in very healthy or we find other investment opportunities, we would be wiggling the equity number. But at the end of the day, our goal is not to be doing a public issuance and to do this through the benefit programs.
Andrew Levi: Okay. And on the gas pipeline segment, I just want to make sure that I heard that correctly. You said you'll be at $100 million by the end of 2015, not '16?
David E. Meador: It's '16.
Andrew Levi: It's '16. Okay. Because I thought you said '15 with the new investment with NEXUS. But okay. So it's '16. I misheard, I apologize.
David E. Meador: Right. And NEXUS, just to be clear, that it's a proposed pipeline. And right now, the projection is looking at everything that we'd have to do, including FERC approval and so on, as that pipe would go into service at the beginning of '16. So that would be the first year that you'd actually -- if everything works out according to schedule, that you would actually see earnings impact from NEXUS.
Andrew Levi: Okay. Which is in line with what you have said in the past. I thought I heard '15, so I thought...
David E. Meador: Okay.
Andrew Levi: And then last question is, and this again may have to wait for EEI, but -- so the only kind of -- blemish is too strong a word. But obviously, the trading segment didn't meet expectations this year, and obviously, is the one part of your business that's not predictable. How should we think about that for '13? Or does that need to wait for EEI?
David E. Meador: I think we should just wait. As we've said before, that this is not part of our growth story and we had went through a period where, on average, the earnings of cash flow was about $50 million a year. And we're going through a period right now where it's $20 million to $30 million a year. And we're okay with that and still being able to hit our growth objectives.
Operator: And our next question will come from Timothy Yee with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Timothy Yee - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just 2 quick questions. Do you think it's still possible to have the remaining 2 REF machines sited and operational by year end? Or might that go into early 2013?
David E. Meador: Right now, based on where we are, it's going to slip into the beginning of 2013.
Timothy Yee - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then could you just discuss a little more on this 25 x 25 Proposal 3 ballot, and then how that's tracking and how that might play out in Michigan?
David E. Meador: Sure. Thanks for the question because we feel pretty strongly about this, that it's a terrible thing from a public policy standpoint that we don't think this is good for the state of Michigan. It's not good for our customers and we certainly don't want out-of-state groups coming into Michigan and hijacking our Constitution. So the business community, if you look at the Michigan Chamber, the Detroit Regional Chamber, the Michigan Manufacturers Association and the state of Michigan, they're all very aligned in the opposition to defeat this proposal. And that's our intent, to defeat the proposal. So we're working hard right now. And the polling data is showing that the more the people learn about this and the vagueness of how it's written, that the support for this continues to go down every day as we speak. So right now, we're focused on defeating it. And obviously, if it passes, we can talk more about the implications of that down the road. But I hope I don't have to talk about it after the election.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Kevin Fallon with SIR Capital Management.
Kevin Fallon: I had a question for you on the O&M levels at Detroit Edison for this quarter. It looks like they were actually down in 3Q '12 versus 3Q '11. I was wondering why that was.
Peter B. Oleksiak: That really is -- if you look in the quarter, we're talking earlier about the storm cost, where we did see a storm early in the quarter. It was pretty quiet after that. Actually, storm cost this year versus last year, we're about $20 million less this year versus last year.
Kevin Fallon: Okay. And for modeling purposes going forward, should we look at the authorized ROE for Detroit Edison as kind of the target for where you guys should come in? Or it's the floor?
David E. Meador: We -- our goal is to consistently earn our authorized. That doesn't mean that we won't slightly under-earn or slightly over-earn. But I think from your standpoint, the way you should view this is it's a company that's objective is to consistently earn its authorized. Because of the way renewable energy works and energy efficiency works here under the law, there's a slight uptick over authorized that we can still earn. So for example, at Detroit Edison, where the authorized is 10.5%, we actually have the ability with those other 2 mechanisms to earn 10.6%, as an example. So there will be slightly over-earning before that. And I also think that we can work within the bandwidth around authorized. But my goal is not to wildly over-earn in any year because we don't think that's the right thing to do in running these businesses.
Kevin Fallon: Okay. And finally, on the MichCon rate case with the self-implementation of the $34 million, do you need to get the commission to vote on that? Or can you guys just do that as planned on November 1?
Don Stanczak: This is Don Stanczak. We can just self-implement. Now in the past, the commission has issued orders on self-implementation, but they have not thus far on the MichCon case. So if they don't issue an order, we can just self-implement on November 1.
Operator: And Mr. Meador, we have no further questions in the queue at this time.
David E. Meador: Okay. Thank you, and I appreciate everyone's involvement today and the great questions you have. And we look forward to seeing you at EEI. Thanks again.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Member of Internal Risk Management Committee Peter B. Oleksiak - Vice President, Controller and Investor Relations Officer Nick A. Khouri - Vice President of Regulatory Affairs and Member of Internal Risk Management Committee
Analysts: Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC James D. von Riesemann - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Kit Konolige Vedula Murti
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the DTE Energy Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Dave Meador. Please go ahead.
David E. Meador: Thank you, Evelyn, and good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us for our second quarter earnings call. Looking at Page 2 just briefly before we get started, I encourage you to read the Safe Harbor statement, including the reference to forward-looking statements. And if you'll turn to Page 3, with me this morning are Peter Oleksiak, our Vice President and Controller; Nick Khouri, our Vice President and Treasurer; and Mark Rolling, our Director of Investor Relations. I also have some members of the management team with me in the room and on the phone if needed during the Q&A period. But before I jump into the second quarter, I'd like to take a moment just to update you on some recent announcements and management changes here on the finance and regulatory team as we continue to build and sustain just an outstanding finance and regulatory group. Effective September 1, Peter Oleksiak has been promoted to Senior Vice President of Finance, and he'll have responsibility for the controller's organization and treasury, which includes Investor Relations. Nick, who has been our Treasurer for over 11 years now, will assume the role of Vice President of Regulatory Affairs. And Dan Brudzynski, who is currently in the regulatory role will replace Nick as Vice President and Treasurer, and Dan will also have Investor Relations reporting to him. So Nick and Dan are effectively trading places. With these changes, this marks the last quarterly earnings call for Nick in the Treasurer's office and I want to take a moment to express my appreciation to Nick for the passion and expertise he's brought to the Treasury group and the important role that he's played in working with the management team, the Board of Directors and the financial community to help DTE Energy achieve some great successes over these years, including pulling through some of the toughest economic times like 2008 and '09 that hopefully, we will ever see in our life. Many of you have met Dan, and he's been involved in a number of Investor Relation events over the years, and you can look forward to seeing him going forward. And finally, congratulations to Peter on his well-deserved promotion. And you're not going to lose sight of Nick. He's only 50 feet from my office and he's going to continue to be involved with the investment and credit community. So turning to Page 4. This morning, we're going to cover our second quarter results and give you an update on some growth projects at our utilities and the nonutilities. So let me kick this off then on Slide 5. We like to ground all of our discussions with investors in what we call our investment thesis, as we believe this concisely summarizes the compelling reasons to invest in DTE Energy. We have a disciplined growth plan that'll provide a 5% to 6% long-term earnings growth per share. And when combined with our attractive dividend, provides a 9% to 10% total shareholder return. And all of this is underpinned by one of our key priorities and that's maintaining a strong balance sheet. Both utilities have robust growth plans. At Detroit Edison, the growth is driven primarily by mandated environmental controls and renewable energy. While at MichCon, the growth is driven by infrastructure investments, including cast iron main replacement work and a program to move gas meters that are currently inside customers' homes to outside customers' homes. We have a constructive regulatory structure in Michigan, which is supported by a solid legislation that was passed in 2008. And we know it's our responsibility to earn this construct every day. We utilize our continuous improvement capabilities in everything we do to control cost and we are very focused on minimizing rate increases to our customers and providing our customers with a great level of service they deserve. We continue to see attractive growth opportunities in our non-utility businesses as well, particularly in the Power & Industrial group and the Gas Storage & Pipelines. And I have some updates that I'll share with you this morning on those businesses. So if you'll turn to Page 6. I'll provide an overview of the quarter. Our operating earnings per share for the second quarter came in at $0.86 compared with $0.65 in the second quarter of last year. Like much of the Midwest, the summer here in Michigan is off to a warmer-than-normal start, and actually we're on a track to possibly one of the warmest summers on record. And that translates into strong earnings at Detroit Edison. As a reminder, Detroit Edison was decoupled for weather during the second quarter of 2011. So if you're looking at quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year analysis, the warm weather last year didn't flow through to the bottom line. Earnings at the Power & Industrial projects were up over the second quarter of last year and that's driven by the REF business line that's ramping up. And tough market conditions made it difficult for Energy Trading to generate margin in the second quarter. Peter will take you through some of the details on the quarter in a few minutes. So with the first half of the year behind us, I am reaffirming our full year operating guidance of $3.65 to $3.95 per share. As I will describe later, I'm confident of the midpoint of $3.80 and we could deliver higher than midpoint earnings, and we'll talk about that in a little bit. In June, our board approved the 5.5% increase in our dividend to an annualized rate of $2.48 beginning in October. This gives us a compounded annualized dividend growth rate of 5% over the last 3 years and demonstrates our board and our management team's confidence in our long-term growth plan. The balance sheet remained strong and we generated over $1.2 billion in cash from operations through the first half of the year. In June of this year, Detroit Edison raised $500 million of 10- and 30-years secured debt at the lowest rates in the company's history. The proceeds from that debt offering will be used primarily to refinance higher cost debt, which is maturing or is callable later this year. On another topic, we have also been very clear about our strategy to exit the E&P business by selling our assets in the Barnett Shale. And we started talking to you last year about the shale formation called Marble Falls, which is just above the Barnett formation. DTE has been a front-runner in this newly emerging oil-rich play. As we prove up the acreage, we've had moved way up the learning curve and that we're now seeing top-tier returns from our vertical wells there. We recently concluded a study that shows a 50% increase in our total reserves over 2011, including 114% increase in the crude oil reserves. And you'll find additional details on the Barnett Marble Falls assets in the Appendix on Slide 22 and 23. We intend to go to market with these assets later this year and we will keep you posted on our progress. And EEI is going to be a good time to give you an update on this and some of the other things that we have underway. Shifting to areas of growth for the company. In the second quarter, our Gratiot County wind park became fully operational. This is the largest wind farm in the state of Michigan, with 212 megawatts of generating capacity. Construction is underway on our 110-megawatt thumb wind parks, which includes 3 sites in Huron and Sanilac Counties. And in addition to those 2 projects, we recently announced another 110-megawatt wind development in Huron County, which will be constructed in 2013. All of these projects demonstrate the significant progress we're making in achieving the 10% renewable energy standard in Michigan by 2015, which we think is a good standard and a sensible approach to approaching renewable energy. On the non-utility side of the business, we're very excited about the growth potential surrounding the Gas Midstream assets we have in the Marcellus Shale region. Our first major project that we've been talking to you about is the Bluestone lateral and gathering system. And that project's moving along nicely. The anchor tenant on the project has been seeing some very positive results in their drilling, so we continue to be optimistic about the opportunities that we have in this area. As we work our way through the final stages of the right-of-away and permitting process and then move into the construction phases, we're still targeting the pipeline to go in service in the fourth quarter of this year. In the P&I segment, we're pleased with the performance and throughput at the 5 sited REF reduced emission fuel machines, and we're making good progress inside in the remaining 4 machines. In fact, the first of the 4 is being relocated as we speak and should be up and running in the third quarter. We also have completed negotiations with the host utility on the second of the 4 machines that will be relocated, and we expect to finalize agreements and begin moving that machine soon. And we're engaged in advance discussions with several other potential host sites for the last 2 machines. So our relocation process is on track and the goal is to have all of the REF machines sited and operational by the end of the year, which will provide a nice earnings bump in that segment for 2013. And for some new news in the P&I segment, we've shown you the forward projection goals that we're pursuing for this business, where we want to drive the earnings for $50 million this year to $125 million by 2016. And the step that we made is an acquisition of an on-site business line that we recently agreed to purchase from Duke Energy for a little over $200 million. So this is a portfolio of on-site energy projects. These projects are primarily located in the Midwest and mid-Atlantic regions and they provide on-site utility and energy services. They're very similar to our existing on-site projects, and they represent assets and equipment and technologies that we have extensive experience in. This acquisition will effectively double the size of our on-site business and expands our customer base broader into the Midwest. We target returns on these contracted services that are above our utility returns. And in addition to that, we get very good strong cash flows. So we see these projects making a significant contribution towards our goal of growing the P&I segment to $125 million in operating earnings by 2016. The acquisition will be funded by the parent, off our balance sheet by the end -- the exact details of the funding requirements and timing has not yet been determined. And the deal is not closed yet, it will close later this fall. So we still anticipate that we'll stay within our balance sheet targets even with this acquisition. And we do not see the need to raise equity beyond the $300 million requirement that we've communicated to you in 2012. Turning to Page 7, and talk a little bit about guidance. With half the year behind us, we remain committed to our full year 2012 earnings guidance. Detroit Edison came into the year with a plan that targeted that's authorized return on equity. And with warmer-than-normal weather we're experiencing during the second quarter and then through the month of July, we now expect to see Detroit Edison come in above the upper end of the guidance range. Some of the July's weather favorability will be offset by increased storm cost as a result of significant storm activity we experienced in the beginning of the month. While Detroit Edison has benefited from weather this year, MichCon continues to dig out of the hole created by the extremely mild winter. Quite frankly, MichCon is going to need to work hard to reach the low end of guidance for the year. But with continuous improvement work that we're doing and onetime cost actions, we think the bottom ends of the range is achievable. With some revenue opportunities at Gas Storage & Pipelines, we expect them to be at the upper end of the guidance range, which will help offset some of the challenges of MichCon. And we continue to ramp up the REF business line and what we see is the P&I segment is going to end towards -- near the top end of the guidance range for the year. Energy Trading. I had already mentioned, Energy Trading turned in modest results for the quarter and it's still not at the level we would like to see. So for the year, we're signaling that Energy Trading will likely not reach the lower end of its guidance range. And due to the shape of the roll on that we would see for the rest of the year -- the remaining profits that we would see for the remainder of the year, a good portion of that's going to be back-end loaded and will show up in the fourth quarter. And finally, we expect the holding company to have improved results over last year, driven mainly by lower interest rates from the refinancing that we've been actively doing. So in total, we are committed to our original operating earnings guidance range of $3.65 to $3.95 and the favorable weather continues that we've been seeing at Detroit Edison, we could be above the midpoint of that range. Before I hand it over to Peter, I would like to give you an update on the regulatory item that we discussed in the first quarter. As you may recall, back in April, the Michigan Court of Appeals issued a decision that the MPSC had exceeded its authority when it authorized Detroit Edison to adopt the revenue decoupling mechanism. As of the first quarter, Edison had accrued $127 million as a regulatory liability related to the pilot revenue decoupling, and this predominantly represented weather in prior years. The MPSC has until Monday to appeal that decision to the Michigan Supreme Court. And we won't know until then what the commission will or won't do. If the commission appeals the decision, there could be some time before we learn of the Supreme Court even will hear the appeal. And if the appeal is taken, it's likely that it could take months to years before it's completed. On the other hand if the MPSC doesn't appeal, we will propose an alternative to the commission that will support our regulatory strategy for Detroit Edison. Our goal is to minimize rate increases to customers, while achieving our financial objectives. That said, the $127 million could be a key component of a plan to potentially push the need for base rate increases at Detroit Edison out to 2015. So with that overview, let me pass it over to Peter, who will take you through some additional details on the quarter.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Thanks, Dave, and good morning to everyone. I'll just start with Slide 9 and our second quarter operating earnings per share by our segment. For the quarter, DTE's operating earnings were $0.86. Detroit Edison contributed $0.74. MichCon, which typically incurs an operating loss for the second quarter, came in at $0.02 of income, and I'll talk a little bit more about that in a minute. The non-utility segments combined to earn $0.17. The driver for the non-utility second quarter results were Gas Storage & Pipeline at $0.10. Power & Industrial projects at $0.06, Energy Trading at $0.02 and Unconventional Gas Production at $0.01 loss. Finally, corporate and other had a loss of $0.07 in the quarter. Let's move to Slide 10 and the summary of our quarter-over-quarter performance by segment. Operating earnings for the consolidated DTE Energy are up $35 million for the quarter. Detroit Edison's operating earnings were $127 million, up $27 million from the prior year. We have provided a quarter-over-quarter walk in the Appendix in Detroit Edison for reference, but the message was pretty straightforward. The favorability is primarily driven by warmer weather in the second quarter of 2012, paired with the elimination of the revenue decoupling mechanism. In addition, Detroit Edison's renewable investments provided incremental earnings as we continue to execute our investment plan there. July is also shaping up to be a strong weather-driven load month. Although as Dave pointed out, we have experienced increased storm restoration expenses, which are likely to offset the portion of the improved margin. Summer through mid-July, we had, just to give you just a few stats, we have had 23 days at/or above 90, normal is 12. And actually, of those, we have 4 of those days we're above 100 degrees. And as Dave mentioned in the guidance update, we are anticipating an overall uplift from weather in the third quarter if the summer holds out. Putting weather aside, I know a number of you are interested in terms of what's happening with our underlying load in the economy. So I want to give you a brief update. Temperature normalized electric load in the territory. When you look at it at a year-to-date, temperature taken out the impact of weather is relatively flat. As a reminder, we had a pretty nice bounce back in sales after the 2008 and '09 economic downturn. And we have seen a 21% increase in sales alone since 2009. We are continuing to see a trend of growth in industrial sales. And actually year-to-date in the service territory, it's a 2% increase, really attributed to auto and other related manufacturing production. For the residential and commercial classes, we are seeing very positive results in our energy efficiency programs, which have lowered the absolute load in both those classes year-over-year. For the year, we expect this flat load trend to continue, with continued energy efficiency savings offsetting territory growth. In the longer term, we're anticipating load increases close to 1% after the energy efficiency savings. Getting back to the earnings. Moving down the table, our MichCon segment had operating income of $4 million, up $7 million from the prior year. The favorable earnings were driven mainly by an accounting true-up after the completion of the initial reconciliation of MichCon's revenue decoupling mechanism. MichCon also experienced unfavorable weather in the quarter that partially offset this benefit. Our non-utility segments were nearly flat year-over-year at $29 million earnings in the quarter. Gas Storage & Pipelines is up $3 million, resulting for stronger transport and storage revenues. Power & Industrial projects is up $5 million due to REF project growth, partially offset by lower coke sales, volume and price. Energy Trading is down $8 million in the quarter due to commodity price environment that provided a lower-than-historical number of opportunities. In Appendix Slide 24, you'll see that our standard operating earnings to net -- economic net income walk. In this walk, you will see that the segment did have economic contributions significantly higher than the operating income. Now this difference represents restructuring of some longer-term contracts that will not realize net accounting benefit for a few years out. As David mentioned, we expect that our full year earnings for trading will likely be below the guidance range of $30 million to $50 million if the commodity environment we have experienced in the first half of the year continues through the second half. For the second half of the year, we do expect Energy Trading and earnings to be back-end loaded, with about $10 million of after tax benefit coming in the fourth quarter due to roll on of earnings related to prior year's full requirement deals, with minimum roll on and earnings expended in the third quarter. Lastly, Corporate & Other was up $2 million from last year due to lower interest, partially offset by higher taxes in 2012. That concludes an update on the earnings for the quarter. And I'll turn the discussion over to Nick Khouri, the last time in an earnings call, who will cover cash flow and capital expenditures.
Nick A. Khouri: Thanks, Peter. Good morning. As always and one last time, improved cash flow and balance sheet strength remains the key priority for management and Board of Directors. Through the first half of this year, DTE Energy's cash and balance sheet metrics are on track to hit our full year goals. Page 12 summarizes those balance sheet metrics. We expect to end this year within our targeted leverage and cash flow ranges. In addition, we appreciate a series of credit improvements by the rating agencies, so far this year, including an upgrade of Fitch and a positive outlook at Moody's. As discussed in prior calls, we are on track to issue $300 million of new equity in 2012, through a combination of employee compensation, dividend reinvestment and pension contributions. As Dave mentioned, DTE has been able to take advantage of historically low interest rate environment. During the last 18 months, we have issued or refinanced nearly $2 billion of long-term debt. Finally, liquidity remained strong, with over $1.9 billion of available liquidity at the end of the quarter. Page 13 provides an overview of DTE's cash flow so far this year, versus the same period last year. Cash from operations at $1.2 billion matched last year's level and we are well on our way towards full year target of $1.9 billion. As expected, capital is up compared to last year, which I will detail in a minute. All told, net cash after dividends was a positive $100 million in the first 6 months of 2012. Page 14 details capital spending. So far this year, total capital DTE is up about $100 million or 13% from the prior year. We expect increased levels of capital spending in the second half of the year and are on track to hit the prior forecast of $1.9 billion for all of 2012. In summary, DTE's cash and balance sheet targets are on track, supporting higher levels of investment across all our businesses. Now let me turn it back over to Dave to wrap up.
David E. Meador: Thanks, Nick. The results for the first half of the year are solid and on track, and I'm pleased with where we are. And that's why I'm confident reaffirming our full year operating guidance of $3.65 to $3.95 a share. As you heard, weather is affecting 2000 (sic) [ 2012 ] earnings at both utilities, MichCon to the negative and Detroit Edison to the positive. On a temperature normal basis, both utilities are on track to earn their authorized return on equity. But it's still too early for us to remix the guidance for the year, but the weather-driven favorability looks like it will offset any miss at Energy Trading. And that the weather also, if it continues as we've indicated, could push us above the $3.80 midpoint on our full year earnings per share guidance. Long term, the utility growth plans are underpinned by mandated investments at the utilities and we're seeing very nice growth potential at our non-utility businesses, and they combine together to provide long-term growth of 5% to 6% earnings per share. And as we've said, and we will always say, we do this while maintaining a strong balance sheet and strong cash flow metrics. Over the last 3 years, we've increased the annualized dividend 5% on a compounded basis. And as we continue to achieve our long-term earnings per share growth, we expect the dividend will continue to grow as well. We'll be back on the road at the end of the summer and we'll likely see many of you at either the Barclays or the Banc of America Conference in New York in September. And with that, Evelyn, we'd be happy to open it up for questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Kevin Cole, Credit Suisse.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: First on Detroit Edison, can you help me think through how significant the storms were in July and if the July favorable weather was sufficient to offset it?
David E. Meador: We don't want to necessarily give you July numbers or third quarter numbers. But if you look at what played out in July and the statistics that Peter reported, we have pretty solid load. And I would just say that right now, we haven't closed the books. But it looks like about half of it might have been offset with storm cost. So there still will be net of storm and there will be some positive margin playing through.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Then Dave, in your scripted remarks, how long did you indicate that you might be able to stay out from filing a rate case on the electric side?
David E. Meador: Well, as you know, the way we've been working our rate proceedings is to stay out as long as possible using continuous improvement. And then when we do file, file for as little as we possibly can because we're very sensitive to customer rate increases. So right now, we are looking to see if it's possible to stay out as far as 2015 and we're working our way through that. And one of the reasons we're doing that is there's a Fermi securitization charge that rolls off in that time frame. And we're seeing if we could bridge our way all the way to that, I don't know if we can, but it's a goal that we're looking at right now.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Great. And then sort of last question on the REF business. If now, since you're significantly down the path, are you still targeting roughly $55 million or are you still seeing a potential for it to migrate up towards the $75 million level?
David E. Meador: It's still too early. As we've indicated, it really depends where the machines gets sited. And I know where the 7 are and we're working on the last 2. And as you would expect, we're trying to drive these machines to, not only plants that consume a lot of coal, I'd rather be at a 8 million ton per year plant versus a 2 million ton per year plant. And also plants that are going to run over the lifetime of the credit. And so we're working with a handful of our host utilities. And I can't tell you where this is going at but -- well, certainly by the time we get to EEI, we'll know by then. We'll have line of sight of where the 9 machines are going to be. And then just a reminder you, we're relocating the 4 right now. But down the road, there is still the possibility of one of those Detroit Edison machines still could get moved again and take us even to a higher ton per year plant. So that's something still down the road. But EEI, I think, will be a good line in the sand to give you an update on where it -- at least, we know the 9 will be starting in 2013.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And were any of the existing plants or target plants impacted by the, I guess, the fall in the utilization rates for coal plants earlier this year?
David E. Meador: No.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jonathan Arnold, Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Sorry, this is to revisit your comments on guidance, but just to make sure I understand fully. I think you said that you would need the favorable weather to continue in order to push you above the midpoint. Do you mean by that, you have to continue to have above average weather for the rest of the summer or just not see what you've already had flowed back?
David E. Meador: Kind of the context as I think about this is we had warm winter, which was almost third standard deviation warm winter, warmest winter on record. We're now having the warmest summer on weather and it's brought some storm. So we're just signaling that things look really positive right now. But also just reminding all of us that we've got a lot of year ahead of us that could bring either great weather results or not. So things look pretty positive right now, and we'll be able to get a better sense of this as we get through the summer months.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But if you had normal, say, from now through the rest of the summer, is that -- would you still be tracking ahead of the midpoint? I guess that's my question.
Peter B. Oleksiak: I think, Jonathan, as the you mentioned, the dynamics is both the weather and the storms. So normal weather, normal storms actually would provide an uplift for us in the third quarter going forward.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So your above midpoint statement would be correct even if we were normal from here?
David E. Meador: Yes.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. That was great. And then on the Power & Industrial with this acquisition that you're doing from Duke, I think you said it was going to, more or less, double the size of the business. How should we think of that in terms of the target? Is this kind of -- with this acquisition, you're going to achieve most of what you're trying to achieve in that business? Or is there kind of incremental stuff you're working on that potentially you'd take that range up as you close on this, and then maybe do whatever else you're working on?
David E. Meador: If you recall, we showed charts in some of our roadshow packages that would indicate that Power & Industrial is targeted to earn $55 million this year and our goal is to get it to $125 million. And we had a stairstep up to say, here's how much of that growth will come from REF, here's how much of that growth would come from the wood-fired plants, and then there was still some whitespace. And I would look at this or describe it as it's filling in about half of that whitespace between now and 2016. And also, just to clarify, I'm doubling the size of the business. It's doubling basically our on-site energy business, a line within the Power & Industrial group.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So it's a piece of the puzzle, basically?
David E. Meador: Yes. Piece of the...
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes.
David E. Meador: And it just fills in some of that whitespace.
Operator: Moving on, we'll hear from Brian Chin, Citi.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I know you guys have -- the MichCon rate case application has been out there for a little while. But in one of your summary slides, you had said that both utilities are earning close to their allowed ROEs. Just a big picture rationalize again, why is it that we're going in for a rate case with MichCon, when the utilities seems to be earning close to its authorized ROE under temperature normal conditions?
Peter B. Oleksiak: A couple of things. First is, it really is to true-up our underlying load. We do have decoupling mechanism, but you need to go on periodically to true that up. The other is we are spending more than the depreciation, actually, we're filing here with the infrastructure -- stepped up infrastructure around our main line replacement and move out program. So we're proposing a mechanism for that and recovery around that. So that's the other need in going for a rate case.
Operator: We'll now hear from Mark Barnett, Morningstar.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I was curious if you could provide a little more detail. You mentioned, obviously, some of the long time frame for maybe sorting out the decoupling issue and you had mentioned that there are some alternatives that you're considering. Could you talk a little bit about what those might be?
David E. Meador: As I indicated, the MPSC has until Monday to either appeal this decision to the Supreme Court or not. If they choose not to appeal, we're prepared to make a proposal to them that would be public next week. And then we would, obviously, have to get into discussions with the staff on that issue. So I would prefer to wait until next week. So the way this will sequence out is that if they do not appeal, we will be making a filing with them next week and we'll 8-K that so you'll be aware of what we're thinking about.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. I appreciate that. And I guess just a second question on the regulatory front. With the 11% requested ROE, have you had any or much discussion I guess around that number yet? And are you getting any pushback on that figure based on some CAPM-based methodologies or can you talk about that at this point?
David E. Meador: It's really way too early in the process. If look in -- I think it's in the Appendix. We have a schedule for that MichCon rate case. So we filed in April, staff testimonies is not filed until September. And then this case will play out in the fall. So other than saying that we stand by our filing and our methodology right now, there's not much else I can say. And I think you'll have to wait and see where the staff takes their position in the fall. And then, certainly, we'll talk more about it in the fall as it evolves. But we always, through the rate proceeding, will stand by our numbers.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kevin Fallon [ph], [indiscernible] Capital Management.
Unknown Analyst: Just a question on the portfolio that you guys are buying, the $200 million. Are you expecting to earn above utility authorized returns on the $200 million or smaller equity component?
David E. Meador: So the way we described this business line, that's our energy services business line, that we already do this. So it's where we own and operate assets like wastewater treatment and a variety of energy assets that include compressed air and things like that. We target a 9% to 10% IRR in this business line. And it's slightly above a return that you would see at the utility. I've always referred to this as our private utilities, so we get slightly than better utility returns. I don't have to go through rate cases. It's not exposed to weather. It's been a nice stable earner for us.
Unknown Analyst: So you should earn that on the full $200 million?
David E. Meador: Yes.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And on the REF plants that are being, either relocated currently or under contract to be relocated, can you give the tonnages that are on those 2?
David E. Meador: No. We're not going to do that at this time.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. Is that an EEI update type of thing?
David E. Meador: It depends where we are on the other 2 machines. Obviously, as I'm negotiating with various counter-parties, I think we're just not going to provide that detail yet. And possibly at EEI, and if not, then it would be after the first of the year when everything is sited and up and running.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And the last question, in the slides you indicate that you expect to earn your authorized ROE on a temperature normal basis. Does that mean that Detroit Edison this year, it's possible or likely even that you over earned this year because weather is so strong?
Peter B. Oleksiak: I mean when you look at authorized returns, it always is on a temperature normalized basis. But there is -- as we push it above the upper end of guidance, obviously, our returns will go above that authorized return.
Unknown Analyst: So the strength at Detroit Edison this year, it's the weather which pushes you above your authorized and that's it?
Peter B. Oleksiak: That's correct.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our next question from Andrew Weisel, Macquarie Capital.
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research: You already touched on most of my questions, but I just got 1 or 2 kind of more bookkeeping ones. Can you quantify the weather impact in 2Q, both versus the prior year and in the other normal weather assumption that you had originally embedded in guidance?
Peter B. Oleksiak: For the Q2, it's $21 million just for the quarter for Detroit Edison alone. And if you look at it, and actually in terms of the weather impact, last year, we had a decoupling, so actually it was kind of brought back to temperature normal. That $21 million really represents our deviation for temperature normal this year.
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay. Got it. And then lastly on the corporate impairing, there's no real change to the $54 million guidance? The refinancing, if I recall was late June, so would it be fair to say that, that number could come down in this year and future years? And maybe any other thoughts on the trajectory of that going forward?
David E. Meador: Right now, there is net interest savings that will flow through that. But there is some other items that possibly could offset that from time to time, including some tax items that flow through that. So for now, we're holding at that number. And I think the appropriate time for us to give you an update on the trajectory going forward would be when we provide 2013 guidance. But I think in general, it is probably going to be about at the level it is.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Patterson, Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just on the sales growth and weather, I guess, impact. I was a little confused. When I'm looking at the supplemental slides, it looks like residential sales growth is down 1%. And I assume that's with this hot weather. Commercial looks like it was up. And at least I didn't -- I didn't follow through with the comments that you guys had in terms of what's driving in terms of -- the numbers I thought you guys were mentioning were a little bit flatter, so could you elaborate a little bit on that for me?
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes. As you mentioned, from a weather perspective, the residential segment, when you look at the first quarter and with the warm weather we had, it really impacted the MichCon, but it did impact the electric segment as well. There's a lot of heating related load. So when you look at it all in, compared to last year, actually in a temperature normal -- I mean, with the weather basis actually we're down. So really the heating load impact that we saw in the first quarter was partially offset with the cooling demand that we saw on the second quarter. But some of that just reflects on the weather we had last year. Last year we had a good winter also, as well as a relatively warm second quarter. But when you look at, even for the year for residential, when you look on a pure temperature normal basis year-to-date actually we're above. So we're seeing positive impact at a comparative basis, the temperature normal, but a decline year-over-year given the strength of the weather last year. And then from an earnings perspective, really what matters is where we are versus the temperature normalized basis. So last year really was swept by the revenue decoupling mechanism.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Sure. Okay. But then when we look at this -- I mean, in other words, so last year was warmer than this year -- this last Q2 2011 was warmer than Q2 2012?
Peter B. Oleksiak: We were actually warmer this year. But the first quarter, we had more strength of weather-related sales for residential.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: It looks like residential went down on a year-over-year basis Q2 2011 versus Q2 2012?
Peter B. Oleksiak: Right.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I'm just wondering, it does seems like it's a little counterintuitive if weather was warmer. I mean -- or I could follow-up offline, I guess. Just, also, was there a higher peak this year, given the record setting temperatures or did you guys not have a higher peak?
David E. Meador: We don't have that number with us. And I think that the territory peak was higher, but I think our load was comparable. You're talking through June. I think July is going to be different. And I think we're going to see that we're hitting new peaks in July. But we'll, obviously, update that on the third quarter, Paul. On load, just an observation coming out of 2008, we went down really hard, as you know. And then we saw a very significant bounce back in 2009 and then '10 in our industrial load. Commercial load lagged that a little bit, so we didn't see the up in 2009. We saw a big up in commercial load and in 2010. And then residential load over a long period of time has surprised us, in terms of its strength. So when we look at broader economic indicators here, we're seeing a lot of positive signs. We're looking as you are looking at these quarter-over-quarter numbers and saying does that indicate a trend that we should be concerned about going forward. We don't see that. But we're still seeing long-term load growth. It will be modest and won't be as robust as what we saw possibly historically, but something over 1%.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just on the rate proceeding, just to make sure I understand this. If your new proposal, I mean we'll -- we don't know whether or not -- what's going to happen with the decoupling. But it looks as if you're able to get your new proposal that may or may not be released next week, depending on what happens with the MPSC's action with the Supreme Court. You guys think that you may be able to stay out for an electric rate case for how long was it again?
David E. Meador: Well, our goal is to see if we can stay out until 2015. This piece would only be one of several things that we would have to work on. So it's not just using the $127 million. But it's certainly, it's an anchor to that, that says if we can get agreement not to return that to net income but to use that, it could be part of a series of things that we do that would allow us to stay out for a while.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just finally on Slide 24, your Trading reconciliation. If I'm understanding it correctly, it looks like you guys are pretty much where you were in 2011 on Trading, except for these accounting adjustments, except for the sort of accrual treatment with certain contracts and what have you. Is that -- am I getting that pretty much correct?
Peter B. Oleksiak: That is. But I did mention, if look you at that difference in terms of the economic versus accounting, those -- it really is related to some longer-term contracts to restructure, so we'll see the accounting benefit. But it will be a few years out. So you're not going to see that this year or next year.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jim von Riesemann, UBS.
James D. von Riesemann - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Could you just talk a little bit about the future, in terms of cash flow. What your outlook is for say 2013 and beyond, both on a cash flow and maybe some of your funding needs, both the debt as well as the equity?
David E. Meador: We provide a 3-year look, we usually do that when we come out at EEI. So if you recall, what we had laid out was that in a sources and uses that over a 3-year period, we needed $1.2 billion. And that was going to be $300 million of equity each year and that would be done through our benefit plans and our pension plans, so DRIP and pension. And then there was another $300 million that we were earmarking for asset sales, which is predominantly the Barnett sale.
James D. von Riesemann - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Is it safe to assume some of the basic premises in the business are going to be the same going forward in terms of like the internal plant, et cetera?
David E. Meador: Yes.
Operator: We'll now hear from Jonathan Arnold, Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Sorry guys, just a quick follow-up and sorry if I missed this. Did you disclose what the amount of the RDM true-up of MichCon was in the second quarter? Or could you, if you didn't?
Peter B. Oleksiak: That's around $10 million pretax. It's about $11 million.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: $11 million pretax. Okay. Normal tax rate on that?
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes.
Operator: We'll now hear from Kit Konolige, BGC Financial.
Kit Konolige: So a couple of strategic items. Energy Trading obviously continuing to track below your expectations. Is there any thought about whether you want to remain in that segment indefinitely at this point?
David E. Meador: We are going to remain in the segment. As we have indicated, we like this business. It's not part of our growth plan. It provides a lot of market intelligence. It provides a lot of hedging and other activities to other parts of the business and it's over long period of time. It's thrown off a significant amount of cash to the parent, so we like that. And the market opportunities are soft right now, so it's just they're struggling to generate margin right now. And it's a business where we have to deal with what the market brings us necessarily. It's not a business that I'm going to push them hard. So even though I'm not happy with the net income, the team is doing everything they can do in this environment. So we're not going to change our risk profile or get more aggressive just because I don't want to change -- chase net income.
Kit Konolige: Okay. Good. And then so for the Barnett assets, looking at a sale there by year end. I mean can you give us some insight into, do you have that process underway now or are there benchmarks or milestones that we should be looking towards?
David E. Meador: Well, what we have laid out was that we wanted to prove up the properties and we had actually a pretty aggressive drilling program that was going on through August. So we went from 1 rig to 2 rigs to 3 rigs. For a company our size, that's a lot of rigs drilling. And they will be done drilling in August and complete their wells in September. And we're already starting the process of setting up the data room and so on. So all indications right now is that we'll engage in the process starting in the September time frame.
Kit Konolige: And one final item separately. Do you have some idea of a run rate in net income or EPS from the savings on interest rate, the refinancing flowing through the debt into the income statement?
David E. Meador: Long term, the number is in the $25 million to $30 million range.
Kit Konolige: In a net income?
David E. Meador: That's pretax savings. So that's DTE, so that's across the enterprise.
Operator: Moving on, we'll hear from Vedula Murti, CDP Capital.
Vedula Murti: I was wondering in terms of following up on Kevin's question on P&I acquisition here. Would it be reasonable for us to think on $200 million of capital investment, basically, 50-50 and maybe a couple of 100 basis points superior return on equity versus a utility return, in terms of kind of a baseline?
David E. Meador: I would hold back on this right now and I'm not going to provide any more details. We've not closed on the transaction yet. First of all, and it's possible that there's a number of projects here that are evaluating that it might not come in into the final close. And there are also, and we'll lay this in more detail, this is a project that has an accounting amortization that's front-end loaded. So the earnings grow over time. That's very strong cash flow from the beginning, but there's an accounting nuance here. So I wouldn't take that high-level approach and I'm not prepared to -- it's too early to give you more details on that right now. I would just caution you not to do that and then suggest, again, the way I'm thinking about this as we showed you the whitespace and the growth for the P&I business. And that long term, this fills in about half of that whitespace if you want to kind of size the net income off this investment.
Operator: We'll now hear from John Ally [ph], AK Capital [ph].
Unknown Analyst: Just a couple of quick follow-up questions. Your plan for DTE is to stay out as long as possible. When would you file and what year would that be effective?
David E. Meador: Well, if we're successful in working out everything that we've have to work out, we would file in 2014. Now the caveat there is, again, in spirit of doing everything we can for customers while achieving our financial objectives, I'm articulating this as a goal. If we are not able to work out everything we want to do, we'd be filing earlier. But right now, we're just articulating that as a goal of push the filing out to 2014 for new rates in '15.
Unknown Analyst: Understood. And on the Barnett, is the $300 million still a good number to use as a bogey?
David E. Meador: Yes, for now.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. When will we see a more defined, I guess, update on that?
David E. Meador: Possibly, third quarter or EEI we'll be able to give you some indication. It really depends how quick the process goes.
Operator: We'll now go to Kevin Cole, Credit Suisse.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just one quick follow-up on the electric rate case. I guess given the FERMI securitization roll off of around $300 million in 2015, do you think it is possible for this netting effect to fully offset your CapEx plan between now and then to execute a near 0% customer bill increased rate case?
Peter B. Oleksiak: Kevin, as we're working through our own planning, we think this was a piece of the puzzle. As you know, we are always looking at cost and how do we kind of to do our own self-help in this space. So it will be a combination of the 2.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And there are no further questions at this time. Mr. Meador, I'll turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
David E. Meador: Well, thank you again for joining us. And as I indicated, I think that the next time we'll see everybody first at the Barclays Conference and then the BofA Merrill Conference a couple of weeks after that. And wish you a nice warm summer and we'll talk to you in the fall.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David E. Meador - Chief Financial officer, Executive Vice President and Member of Internal Risk Management Committee Peter B. Oleksiak - Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President, Controller and Investor Relations Officer Nick A. Khouri - Vice President, Treasurer and Member of Internal Risk Management Committee Don Stanczak - 
Analysts: Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc. Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Andrew Levi Unknown Analyst Ashar Khan
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the DTE Energy First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to your host, to Mr. Meador. Please go ahead, sir.
David E. Meador: Thank you, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I encourage you to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2, including the reference to forward-looking statements. With me this morning are Peter Oleksiak, our Vice President and Controller; Nick Khouri, our VP and Treasurer; and Mark Rolling, our Director of Investor Relations. I also have members of the management team with me if needed during the Q&A session.  If you turn to Page 4, this morning we're going to cover our first quarter results, and we'll also discuss the recently filed rate case at MichCon. We'll be at the AGA financial forum on May 7 and 8, and we'll take that opportunity to update you on some of our growth projects of the 2 utilities, as well as the Gas Storage & Pipelines' Bluestone Project in the Power & Industrial, Reduced Emissions Fuel business line.  We're expecting a high today of about 55 degrees here in Detroit. Actually it's a nice, sunny day, which is consistent with what you would expect here in Michigan in April. This is a sharp contrast to the first quarter, where we experienced anything but seasonal weather. Similar to many other parts of the country, the MichCon service territory saw one of the warmest winters on record. The mild temperatures were great news for our customers in form of lower utility bills. But as you've seen in our recent press release, the warm weather had an impact on the first quarter. We did include about $8 million of that weather from January and early February when we provide the guidance.  So with that said, let me start on Page 5. We have a disciplined growth plan that will provide 5% to 6% long-terms earning growth per share. And when you combine that with our attractive dividends, it provides a 9% to 10% total shareholder return. All of this is set around one of our north stars and that's maintaining a strong balance sheet. Both of the utilities have robust growth plans. At Detroit Edison, as we played out for you, the growth is driven primarily by mandated environmental controls and renewable energy, while at MichCon, the growth is driven by infrastructure investments, including a long-term cast iron main replacement plan and a program to move gas meters out of customer homes. The importance of these infrastructure investments is evident in the rate case that we filed last Friday at MichCon. We have a very constructive energy legislation framework in Michigan and also a regulatory structure, and we see it as our responsibility to earn that favorable construct every single day. We utilize continuous improvement, capabilities in everything we do to ensure that our utilities are controlling costs and minimizing rate increases to our customers and also ensuring great customer experiences.  Many of you have heard us talk about our intense focus that we have on continuous improvement. This is something we've been working on for many years, and I'll talk more about that when I talk about how we're going to offset weather this year. But it's something we take great pride in. As we look at the challenges of the quarter, we're going to use this continuous improvement program as a lever to help pull us in line with what our goals are for the entire year.  We continue to see attractive growth opportunities in our non-utility businesses, both at the power industrial projects and Gas Storage & Pipelines. And as I mentioned, we'll give you a more detailed update on that at AGA in just over a week.  On Page 6 is an overview of the quarter. In the face of the unusually warm winter, DTE Energy had operating earnings per share of $0.91 compared to $1.11 on the first quarter of last year. Detroit Edison earnings were flat year-over-year, while MichCon's earnings were down significantly due to the weather. Earnings at Energy Trading were down a little from last year, and we are reaffirming our full year operating earnings per share guidance of $3.65 to $3.95, and we're targeting the midpoint of $3.80. We'll leverage our cost and revenue opportunities across the portfolio businesses to offset the first quarter weather. And as we've indicated, it's a priority for us, and our balance sheet continues to remain strong. We generated over $600 million of cash from operations from the first quarter, and Nick will talk about that a little bit later in the call.  Turning to Page 7, with the first quarter behind us, I'd like to take a few minutes to take you through how I'm thinking about our full year 2012 guidance. With a final order in the Detroit Edison rate case last fall, we are expecting earnings to be relatively flat year-over-year. And this is consistent with our original guidance that we provided you. As you know, the summer cooling months and storm activities are drivers of results at Detroit Edison, and much of that still lies ahead of us. Assuming normal weather, I am confident that Detroit Edison will hit its target and actually might get slightly above midpoint. With the biggest part of 2012 heating season behind us, MichCon is going to need to work hard to reach its guidance range for the year. But with continuous improvement and potential onetime cost actions, the bottom end of the range is achievable.  Gas Storage & Pipelines continues to provide solid earning streams. Additionally, we're looking at some revenue opportunities here in this business to help offset the challenges at MichCon. Year-over-year, we're expecting reduced emission fuels or REF, as we call it, to deliver a nice bump in operating earnings at the Power & Industrial projects. We're also looking at revenue enhancement opportunities in this business to offset the first quarter weather and other business units. So, for GSP and the Power & Industrial group, we're looking to drive both of those to the high end of their guidance range.  As Peter will explain in a few minutes, Energy Trading saw a small loss for the first quarter, and that was also driven by unprecedented warm weather across the country. Our expectation for this business is to deliver results over the next 3 quarters similar to annualized historical levels, thus making it achievable to reach the low end of their guidance. And we expect the holding company to have improved results over last year, and that's driven mainly by lower interest rates. So in total, we remain committed to our original earnings per share guidance of $3.65 to $3.95 and target the midpoint of $3.80.  Now turning to Page 8 is an overview of the rate case that we filed last week at MichCon. MichCon's gone nearly 3 years without a base rate increase. Now recall we filed a case in 2010 and then we withdrew it when we determined that we could achieve our authorized return on equity without additional rates. The current rate of filing is just for under $77 million, that equates to roughly a 4% increase annually in base rates since the last rate increase. When you couple this with a decline in natural gas prices, the typical residential customer will see a lower bill in 2013 compared to recent years. This combined equates to an annualized 5% decrease in residential bills. The 2 biggest drivers in the rate case are capital investment and lower sales. We're seeing lower midstream revenue at MichCon and continued customer conservation since our last rate case, and we continue to make investments in our aging infrastructure.  Other highlights of the case include a simplified decoupling mechanism, an authorized return on equity of 11%, which is consistent with MichCon's current authorized level. And maybe the most important element of this case is a proposal to implement an infrastructure recovery mechanism to support the investments needed in replacing cast iron mains, moving gas meters out of customer homes and continuing the pipeline integrity work in our transmission system.  Before I hand it over to Peter, I'd like to also provide you an update on recent developments at Detroit Edison. As many of you have seen on April 10, the state of Michigan Court of Appeals issued a decision relating to an appeal on the January 2010 MPSC order. The 2 items of interest here are the revenue decoupling mechanism or RDM and AMI, the automated meters.  First, regarding the RDM, the court determined that the MPSC exceeded its authority when it authorized Detroit Edison to adopt the revenue decoupling mechanism. As of March 31, 2012, Edison had accrued on its book a regulatory liability related to the pilot RDM, which predominantly represents weather in prior periods. The MPSC has until May 22 to appeal the decision to the Michigan Supreme Court, and they are collecting comments through May 18. We will comment as part of that process, but ultimately, we're going to have to take the lead of the commission, so we're waiting to see how the commission plans to proceed on this.  We've always been supportive of an energy efficiency-only mechanism, and when coupled with a well-functioning energy efficiency incentive program, we've been supportive of that. If this is appealed by the MPSC, it could take some time. Before we learn of the Supreme Court, we'll hear the appeal. And if the appeal is taken, it's likely that process will take months to years before it's completed. So we're going to continue to maintain the RDM liability on our books, and we also will not be implementing the 2012 RDM until we get further direction.  The second item of note is the court's decision as it relates to AMI. Back in January of 2010, the MPSC approved the inclusion of $37 million in rate base related to the AMI pilot program. However, the court found that the record of evidence in the case was insufficient and has remanded this to the MPSC for further review. We provided the cost benefit analysis of the AMI program and we believe this will be resolved in a positive manner. So with that background, let me pass it over to Peter, and he'll take you through the quarter with some additional comments.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Thanks, Dave, and good morning to everyone. I'd like to start with Slide 10 in the first quarter earnings result. For the quarter, DTE Energy's operating earnings are $0.91 consistent with reported earnings. Detroit Edison contributed $0.56, and MichCon, which was affected by the unusually warm weather, came in at $0.31. The Non-utility segments combined earned $0.13. The drivers for the Non-utility first quarter results were Gas Storage & Pipelines at $0.10, Power & Industrial Projects to $0.05 and both Energy Trading and Unconventional Gas Production at a loss of $0.01 each. Finally, Corporate & Other had a loss of $0.09 in the quarter.  Let's move to Slide 11 and a summary of the quarter-over-quarter performance by segment. Operating earnings for consolidated DTE Energy are down $32 million for the quarter. Detroit Edison's operating earnings are $96 million, down $1 million from the prior year. I'll cover more details on Detroit Edison in a moment. MichCon, which typically has a strong first quarter, had operating earnings of $52 million, down $31 million from prior year, with 2/3 of its variance due to the warm weather in 2012 and 1/3 driven by colder-than-normal weather in the first quarter of 2011. In other words, the whole variance is due to weather. Our Non-utility segments in total are down $3 million, driven primarily by the change in our earnings at our Trading segment. Similar to our gas utility, our Trading business was also impacted by the unusually warm weather. In particular, this impacted our full requirement services transactions, which historically has produced solid earnings. In the first quarter of this year, we saw weather that was close to 3 standard deviations. We price our full requirement deals and has the physical commodity assuming some weather volatility, but not to the extreme as we experienced.  So in the first quarter, the business saw lower margins and lower volumes and with long and towering gas hedges in the low-priced markets. Page 21 of the appendix contains our standard Energy Trading Page, which show both economic and accounting performance. In addition to the lower margins on the existing deals, the level of economic margin and new deals was also down this quarter in comparison to the same period last year. Keeping on the same page and moving to the Power & Industrial projects, this segment was down $2 million. Last year, in the first quarter, there was some lumpy earnings related to the early extinguishment of an outside energy contract that shows up at the year-over-year variance. As Dave indicated earlier, our growth plans for the P&I business are on track and we are comfortable with achieving the full year guidance in the segment and are driving towards the upper end. Gas Storage & Pipeline earnings are up slightly from the prior year due to the growth in the pipeline transportation revenues. Finally, Corporate & Other was up $3 million from last year due primarily to the refinancing activity done last year at historically low interest rates.  Now, I'd like to turn to Page 12 to walk through some quarterly details for Detroit Edison. Operating earnings for Detroit Edison are $96 million, down $1 million from prior year. There are a lot of ins and outs for this segment this quarter. Margin for the quarter is up $9 million, driven primarily by the 2011 rate order, partially offset by warmer winter weather.  In the supplemental page that we provided with the earnings release, you will see that actual sales for the quarter are down 3% year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter. This decline represents the impact of weather on the electric-related heating load. Absent the weather impact, load was relatively flat for the quarter and we are forecasting approximately a 1% increase for the total year. Industrial sales were up 1% in the quarter, which is a continued indication of the improving economic activity for Michigan. Another item to note is O&M for the quarter impacted earnings by $8 million, primarily due to increased weather-related customer restoration activities and an increase in benefit expense, which we anticipated with lower discount rates.  That concludes an update on our earnings for the quarter. I'd like to turn the discussion over to Nick Khouri, who will cover cash flow and capital expenditures.
Nick A. Khouri: Thanks, Peter. As always, improved cash flow and balance sheet strength remains a key priority for management and Board of Directors. Through the first quarter this year, DTE Energy's cash and balance sheet metrics are on track to hit our full year goals. Page 14 summarizes those balance sheet metrics. We expect to end this year well within our targeted leverage and cash flow ranges. In addition, we appreciate a series of credit improvements by the rating agencies so far this year, including an upgrade at Fitch and a positive outlook at Moody's. As discussed in prior calls, we are on track to reach $300 million of new equity in 2012 through a combination of employee compensation, dividend reinvestment and pension contributions.  Finally, liquidity remains strong with over $1.4 billion of available liquidity at the end of the quarter. Page 15 provides an overview of DTE's cash flow in the first 3 months of this year versus the same period last year. Cash from operations at $600 million was down slightly from last year, reflecting higher tax payments this quarter. As expected, capital is up compared to last year, which I will detail in a minute. All told, net cash after dividends was positive $100 million in the quarter.  Page 16 details capital spending. So far this year, total capital at DTE is up sharply from the prior year. Some of the increase is timing, for example, capital spending related to the schedule of refueling at Fermi. But overall spending so far this year is consistent with the 25% year-over-year increase we expect in 2012. In the first quarter, capital was higher in all our business units, including renewable business in Detroit Edison and non-utility capital in our Gas Storage & Pipelines and Power & Industrial business lines.  In summary, DTE's cash and balance sheet targets are on track, supporting higher levels of investment across all our business.  Now let me turn it back over to Dave to wrap up.
David E. Meador: Thanks, Nick. Let me wrap up on Slide 18. As with many in the industry, the first quarter of 2012 was a challenging one. However, we see this is as an opportunity to improve as a company. When we talk to our employees about our goals for the company and the challenges we face, we talk about working to make DTE Energy the best operated energy company in North America and a force for growth and prosperity in the communities we live and serve. So this is an opportunity for us to get better at everything that we do. And I have confidence, as we've seen in the past, that our employees will help us get there. Additionally, we continue to make investments necessary to drive our long-term growth and we look forward to sharing more details of our plans at AGA in early May. We're scheduled to deliver our presentation on Monday, May 7 at 2:15 p.m. Mountain Standard Time or 5:15 p.m. for those in the Eastern time zone that might be calling in. Now with that, we'd be happy to take questions now, Corinne.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: A lot of your unregulated businesses are kind of tied to coal, and obviously that market has softened up. Kind of what are you seeing -- how is that impacting your businesses? And then are you seeing any impact on the appetite for the REF program as you seek out partners? And then just lastly, with gas prices down here, how is that impacting the Barnett process?
David E. Meador: Yes, let me take these one at a time, and I might get some help from Peter and Nick as we go through this. So if you look at what's going on with low gas prices and then the impact on coal and think about DTE, actually one of the things that we've enjoyed over the years is our portfolio businesses do have different drivers, and because of the way we're contracted and so on, it's really worked out well for us. So you take the midstream businesses as an example, where we have long-term contracts with tenors of 7 to 8 years on the Pipes & Storage. And there's not only no impact there, we're actually seeing an opportunity near term on short-term storage deals. If you went over to the Power & Industrial business, there's really no impact related to coal prices and the Power & Industrial. And actually what we're seeing is some opportunity to sell some of our coke battery output that was not contracted for. In longer term this gas price environment actually is an opportunity for that business, and I think you'll hear Gerry talk more about that at AGA. But a low gas price environment would give that group an opportunity to look at some new growth opportunities down the road. And then when you go over to Barnett, I think we have to stop thinking about this as gas play. If -- right now we are drilling specifically for oil in the Marble Falls and 80% of the revenue is coming from oil and natural gas liquids. And so we are exiting that business, but we are exiting on oil and NGLs, not on gas.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And aren't you -- looking at your income statement and cash flow statement, it looks like there was some gains and charges. Can you kind of give some more color as to what those were?
Peter B. Oleksiak: There was an impact last year in the first quarter. If you recall, we did talk about it, it was with -- we had an original unit down at our Fermi site that we took a charge, really, at the retirement accounting that we took there.
David E. Meador: Was there something more specifically that [indiscernible]?
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Yes, go ahead right in front of me. I'll follow up with it offline.
Peter B. Oleksiak: When I look at that, that's the one that's kind of popped on the statement, is that retirement charge last year.
Operator: Next question will come from Leslie Rich with JPMorgan.
Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc.: I wondered if you could help me understand decoupling at the gas utility. I was under the impression that you had decoupling there, so I guess I'm a bit surprised that the mild weather had such a big impact on net income.
David E. Meador: Go ahead, Peter.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes. The decoupling that was implemented at the gas utility was really a usage on base. Decoupling -- actually weather did flow through that decoupling mechanism, so it really is kind of working as designed. The weather does flow through.
Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc.: Okay. And then...
David E. Meador: Leslie, we were not -- that has never included weather protection at the gas utility.
Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc.: Okay. And then on the electric, because of the court decision, you won't collect or accrue for any decoupling there going forward.
David E. Meador: Correct. The -- basically, what the court said was that the 2008 law was very specific about authorizing gas decoupling, but was silent on electric. And the -- so the judge concluded that the MPSC didn't have the authority, so that -- I think the way you have to think about it is there is no decoupler right now. And again, we'll have to wait for the MPSC to take a position. Whatever happens would be a perspective issue anyways. Unless, for example, if the MPSC decided to appeal and the Supreme Court overruled the judge, then this could still be in place. But we don't know exactly what the MPSC will do. And if they did appeal, it's uncertain whether the court would hear it. And if they did hear it, ultimately what the outcome would be.
Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc.: Okay. And then just finally with low gas prices and dark spreads being compressed, are there any thoughts in terms of your CapEx program on scrubbers? Or your overall generation mix over time?
David E. Meador: No. Not at this time. As you know, we've laid out our environmental program at AGA, I think Gerry will be talking a little bit more about the ongoing testing we're doing with DSI. But right now, when we look out going forward, our environmental program as we see it is not going to change.
Operator: Moving on to Kevin Cole with Crédit Suisse.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Dave, can we -- I guess just kind of rehash Slide 7, the guidance slide, just to make sure I have this right. So for Detroit Edison, you expect to be in the midrange of the guidance? And then...
David E. Meador: Midrange and possibly slightly above midpoint. If you did the walk down here you'll see that MichCon were driving to the low end of the range. Gas Storage & Pipelines we -- as I indicated, we're seeing some opportunity in some near-term storage deals, and we're going to work hard to drive that to the top end there. The Power & Industrial business, we see driving to the top end also there.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then with -- I guess with trading. If I remember right this time last year, you were able to give us some, I guess, hard numbers or, I guess, pretty good color on the shaping for the rest of the year. Is that more of an AGA event or do you have any commentary like that available?
David E. Meador: Well, we'll certainly talk more at AGA. But our sense right now is if you look at historical numbers for the remaining 3 quarters, we feel that we will be able to get to the low end of the range. You got to keep in mind that what we saw in trading here was specifically weather driven, something that we see it really 1/3 standard deviation of that around RFS deals. And so there would be no -- I view that as a onetime event, not a recurring event.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Kevin, this is Peter. There may be some lumpiness in the remaining of the year by quarter, and a lot of that, it is -- we have to roll on accounting which we reserve and then release as the deals are done. And so -- but as Dave said, if you cannot take the remaining of the year, looking at historical level of activity, we're comfortable with the low end.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Yes, seasonality is always kind of tough on the business. And I guess so now on with REF, because we've been hearing some more chatter from a few of the larger Midwestern utilities that they're looking at that technology. Can you offer any color on the footprint that your license allows?
David E. Meador: We've said before, the counterparties that we're talking to are Midwest utilities. And we've also said, we know there's some other competing similar technology, but we are also making progress on the 4 relocations. And again, I would expect an update at AGA, but if you look at 2012, just backing up, there's 9 machines, and 5 basically are driving the earnings for this year. And then we're going to relocate the 4, and we expect to be able to give you more insights on the 4 at AGA. But think about the 4 as the driver to 2013 earnings and not 2012.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then so the upside, that will be achieved through on 2012 that we described earlier, that's just through some more volumes being put through than expected?
David E. Meador: Well, the upside in Power & Industrial businesses is coke sales that we hope to be lacking in soon. But we've also said to the extent we can accelerate -- there's a timing issue on the 4 relocations. If you accelerate, we'll pick up additional tonnage this year.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll move on to Brian Chin.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Question on the -- going back to the decoupling mechanism in the MPSC appeal. We were sort of under the impression that either you guys or the MPSC could appeal the decision. But sort of listening to your comments, particularly in response to Leslie's questions, it sounds like you may not want to appeal it, or can you just give us a little bit of color on depending how the MPSC appeals process goes. Are you guys intending to appeal it as well? Just give us a little bit of color on your thought process there.
David E. Meador: Yes. The ball is really in their court, and I don't -- because they're taking comments right now, I don't think they've indicated what they're going to do. So if this is appealed, it's likely going to be appealed by the MPSC.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So, it's not as though you guys would have your own appeal. Largely, even though you have the ability to appeal it, you'd watch to see what the MPSC does and use that as a -- as sort of the , okay, that's as good as the appeal as the whole process can face.
David E. Meador: Right. I think that's the right way to characterize this. We -- as we've said, we were happy with the revenue decoupling mechanism to address energy efficiency. We think going forward, you could address energy efficiency through another mechanism. For example, you could have EE tracker that works with an incentive program that gets you to the same place. I don't know if they'll consider that or not, because again, I think right now we're just in our comment period. And then if we did not have decoupling, we've also said that even though it's slightly makes the risk profile for the company is higher, we have always had the ability to file rate cases and self-implement. And because of the level of capital, we'll be in regular rate cases. So we were okay with the decoupling mechanism. And if there wasn't one, we would be okay also. But we'd be very interested in something that would specifically address energy efficiency.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And then if the decoupling mechanism ultimately sort of goes away and before you guys have the ability to put in something like an EE tracker. Is there -- if I remember right, I think that there's a regulatory liability on the books that might be released. Could you talk a little bit about that? What would happen on the balance sheet if that decoupling mechanism would ultimately go away?
David E. Meador: It's really too early right now. We do have a liability accrued on the books. And what the MPSC might do, for example, whether they would appeal, whether the Supreme Court would hear this, what the Supreme Court ultimately does -- I think we've just taken a position. It's too early to speculate on what might happen with that liability. And as we get more insights to that, certainly we will know in May what the MPSC's position is, then we can provide you more color on that.
Operator: And we'll move on to Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: With respect to the weather impact on kilowatt hour sales, I saw the revenue impact, but I wasn't clear on what the weather normalized growth would have been, in your best estimation, if you backed out the impact of weather in the leap year.
Peter B. Oleksiak: This is Peter. Let me take you there. The impact of the leap year for the total year is pretty immaterial. It's one extra day in the quarter, so there's probably close to 1% impact in the quarter. But by the end of the year, it's noise. So when you looked at it -- and I know you'll see in the supplemental we provide the actual sales, and I'll take it really class by class. First, the total actual sales were down 3%. Now the residential sales were down 5%, and I'll say that was predominantly weather. If you temperature normalize that, it'll be relatively flat in the quarter. And then on the full year for residential, we are looking at a relatively flat. And our energy efficiency programs really are targeted at that segment. So that's our assumption right now, it'll be flat in a temperature-normalized basis. The industrial sales -- actually, this class is pretty weather insensitive, and it was up 1% for the quarter. Now for the total year, right now our projection is there's a 2% growth for that. So that 1% actually is in line with that and maybe a little bit higher than we're anticipating from a run rate perspective. The commercial sales was down 3% in the quarter, and once again we look at that as all weather. We do see a little bit of uplift and the temperature normalized in the quarter and then the full year. It's about a 0.5% that we're going to be anticipating on a temperature-normalized basis.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great. And then just – there is a lot of talk about Detroit having its fiscal problems? Should we -- how should we think about the impact on you guys if there is any? Just -- what do you think the outlook is there, if you care to posit an opinion there? But also, how should we think about that as being a potential impact on sales or any impact on you guys that we should -- if there's any?
David E. Meador: I'll start, and I'll ask Nick for help here also. I think Detroit right now and we have a great governor and mayor that are working together to work through this issue. And I am more optimistic about not only Michigan but more optimistic that Detroit is going to pull out of its issues than I have been in a long time. We're seeing real interesting economic development. We're seeing a lot of young professionals move in to the city, and there's some real positive signs. If you look at us directly, Detroit has a -- is a very, very small piece of our business. The city itself is current on its bill, so I don't see any direct dollar risk there. And it's just something that we do what we could to because it's part of our corporate aspiration here, to be part of the growth in Michigan and Detroit, to do what we can do to be helpful with both the city and the state.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then on the REF and the coke sales and everything that -- I guess you guys could give us a little more detail at AGA. Should we think of it this -- can you give us any sort of flavor as to what we might be seeing or?
David E. Meador: Well, on the coke, we just have a small portion of coke that is not contracted because those coke batteries are contracted out through 2014, '15 and '16. And so there is a small portion that was open that we're going to take advantage of current prices to lock in. And the way to think about it, it'll help drive that business to the high end of their guidance is what it will do. And then on REF, we are actively negotiating with potential host sites. And I think by the time we get to AGA, Gerry will be able to give you more insights on that. But we have objectives to have those machines relocated during this year, basically, to be in place to help drive 2013 earnings. And right now everything looks like it's on track.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Andy Levi with Avon Capital.
Andrew Levi: Actually, Paul took care of me, so I'm all set. And just -- but just to understand for your forecast for sales, it's 0% residential, 2% in industrial and 0.5% for commercial, is that correct?
Peter B. Oleksiak: That is correct. And one thing if that if you -- all in, I think I did mention that, it's about a 1% all in before energy efficiency. Then if you -- that impacts about 0.5% for us.
Andrew Levi: Okay. So these numbers are all before energy efficiency?
Peter B. Oleksiak: They include. Yes, they include the energy efficiency.
Operator: Moving onto Catapult from Gutteman Origongi [ph].
Unknown Analyst: I got a quick question for you. Just want to ask about this customer restoration expense that kind of drove or went up this quarter, is that going to be recurring? Or just a onetime?
Peter B. Oleksiak: Well this is something that we -- in our guidance a full year forecast. And storm and restoration costs are typically lumpy throughout the year. But when you look at it on a total year basis, there's some consistency. So when we do our planning process, we look at basically recent history and averages around that. Having said that, we did see larger than traditional in the first quarter, and actually, weather-related about 3x as many customers were impacted. Some of this ties back to that warmer weather that we saw that really impacted the MichCon business. But we did see some increase storm activities that we normally don't see in the first quarter.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll now move on to Ashar Khan with Visium Asset Management.
Ashar Khan: Dave, just a quick -- on the MichCon rate case, can you get just give us what is 100 basis point sensitivity to the revenue requirement?
David E. Meador: Don, do you want to answer that? Here's Don Stanczak with our Regulatory Affairs.
Don Stanczak: Yes. Their -- MichCon's equity is about, as I recall, $500 million, so about [indiscernible].
Ashar Khan: If $500 million is in this case, so that would be like what?
Don Stanczak: I'm sorry, it's $1 billion, so 1% would be about $10 million.
Ashar Khan: 1% would be about $10 million aftertax.
Don Stanczak: So if you kind of pretax it up, it would be about $15 million.
Ashar Khan: $15 million or $16 million, okay. And you mentioned Cap structure and ROE. What's happening in the Cap structure? Is there more equity in there or what from before?
Don Stanczak: It's deferred taxes is really what's driving the reduction. Deferred taxes are up that's why the change in capital is a reduction in revenue requirement.
Operator: And we do have a follow-up from Brian Chin with Citigroup.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just one more question on the RDM. So while it's sort of in a little bit of appeal limbo right now, if load recovers, does that go with the some type of regulatory asset? Or do you actually get the benefit from that at the interim while we're sort of waiting for all this?
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes, from an income perspective right now, we are accounting that we do not have an RDM, so any type of load increase or margin increase would flow to the bottom line. Having said that, we did have weather impact the first quarter for Edison. So even this year, the load increase, I would look at it really just offsetting that first quarter weather.
Operator: We actually do have a follow-up from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Actually, a couple of follow-ups. Is one of the potential fixes around decoupling just to have the legislature insert the word electric into the energy bill? Is that feasible?
David E. Meador: I don't think this requires or anyone would want to go legislative relative. That would be a lot of heavy lifting. I think it would be a lot easier -- if they choose to do it, it would be a lot easier to just to adjust a regulatory mechanism. So again, I don't know what direction the commission will take on this, but you could modify the energy efficiency incentive program that's already in place just to account for the over and under energy efficiency load. As an example site, it will be much easier path to handle this through a regulatory path and not ever go legislatively.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just back to my question, I'm looking at the cash flow statement. You've got -- it looks like a $19 million gain in there? It's the third line down after net income.
David E. Meador: No, we'll have to get back to you. So I suspect you're going to find it's a number of small things as we continue to press on cash and make sure that we're optimizing our cash flows.
Operator: And that does conclude our Q&A session for today. Mr. Meador, I turn the conference over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
David E. Meador: Well, thanks, again for joining us, and hopefully we've laid out the year for you. We're pretty confident with all the actions that we're going to take on the revenue and the cost side, that we'll be able to deliver on our commitment of $3.80 per share. And as a reminder, again, for those that won't be at AGA but would like to listen in on the webcast, it's on Monday, May 7 at 2:15 Mountain Standard Time or 5:15 for those of us in the Eastern time zone. And thank you. And for those of you that'll be at AGA, we look forward to seeing you there. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-16 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David E. Meador - Chief Financial officer, Executive Vice President and Member of Internal Risk Management Committee Gerard M. Anderson - Chairman of The Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Group President of Energy Resources and Member of Internal Risk Management Committee
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Andrew Levi - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the DTE Energy Year End 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Dave Meador. Please go ahead, sir.
David E. Meador: Thanks, Dana, and I apologize for that music while you were on hold there. We'll get a better selection next time. But good morning, everybody. This is Dave Meador, and welcome to our 2011 Year End Earnings Call. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2, including the reference to the forward-looking statements. And with us this morning is Gerry Anderson, our Chairman, President and CEO; Peter Oleksiak, our Vice President and Controller; Nick Khouri, our Vice President and Treasurer; and Mark Rolling, our Director of Investor Relations. We also have members of the management team with us to call on during the Q&A session if needed. And with that opening, I'll turn the call over to Gerry.
Gerard M. Anderson: Thank you, Dave. Good morning to all of you. Thanks for being here with us. I want to start the call by saying that I feel really good about what DTE Energy accomplished in 2011, and that's true on almost every front. As you probably already seen, our earnings for last year finished well ahead of our plan on our most recent guidance, and our cash flow and balance sheet results were strong for the year as well.  So 2011 continued a string of solid earnings and cash flow results for the company in recent years. But our performance is about a lot more than financial results, and in fact, I believe it's only by focusing on a lot of things outside of your financial results that your earnings picture has a chance to be strong and sustainable long-term. And so I spent a lot of time with my leadership team focused on a system of interconnected priorities that I believe are the things we need to be very good at consistently in order to make our recent strong financial performance sustain long-term. There are a lot of companies who produce strong financial performance short-term or for a few years, but the trick is to make that sustain long-term and a lot of discussion here and a lot of focus on how to make that happen. And the system of priorities that we're using to do that is shown on Slide 5, and I'll start by saying I realize that Slide 5 may look like a lot of boxes and arrows to you, but it really is how we're thinking about managing DTE Energy for the long-term. So I want to take a little bit of time describing that system to you and then tell you about the progress we've made against it. And the priorities start on the left side with what I call the kind of the kingpin or key priority, which is highly engaged employees, and the bottom line is you can't have an excellent company that outperforms if your employees' focus and engagement and energy level is average. And so we really do spend a lot of time trying to build the energy engagement and focus of our people. And if you pull that off, then you have a chance at the next 3 things, which is to deliver really good service to your customers and improve that over time to use a tool that we've spent a lot of time developing here at DTE Energy, continuous improvement, in order to manage the quality and affordability of your products and also, to have your people drive creative growth and value creation. And if you do those 3 things well, then I think you have a shot at sustaining a constructive political and regulatory context, because if your customers are well-served, they're all voters and they shape the political arena. If you don't keep your cost in line by constantly working on affordability that eventually finds its way into the political and regulatory discussion. It's also true that if you can pursue constructive productive growth and that helps from an economic development standpoint in the state it shapes the political and regulatory context. And if you combine a good regulatory context with solid growth, then you have the formula for sustainable financial performance.  So in terms of how we are progressing against these priorities, Slide 6 steps into that. On the employee engagement front, we use something called the Gallup survey. Thousands of U.S. companies do use that. 2011 was the fifth consecutive year that our Gallup score increased. We're now on the 71st percentile of U.S. companies. So that's a good thing, although we have a clear goal of wanting to take that up into the top decile or top 10%.  We're also continuing to improve our safety performance. Another important employee outcome. Our injury rate is down 70% since the mid-2000s. We've got both of our utilities performing at top quartile level. In fact, MichCon has been at top decile level in recent years.  Continuous improvement is something that we work every year to push deeper into the organization through education and familiarization and practice. And as a result, our O&M expense level was lower last year than in 2005. We project it'll be lower again in 2012 than it was in back in 2005. That's about $350 million on an inflation adjustment basis. But it isn't only cost, obviously. We're working to focus that CI on reliability and other important operating metrics.  From a customer satisfaction standpoint, our MPSC complaints are down over 50% over the past 5 years. We have a target of bringing that down 10% to 15% year in, year out. 2011 also saw improvement in our J.D. Power customer satisfaction rankings at both utilities. That's the fifth year in a row that we've seen that. MichCon came in first quartile. Detroit Edison wasn't that high. They were above median but not at first quartile, but they did improve. We also put a lot of work into our work on behalf of low-income customers here in the states.  Moving on to Slide 7 on the regulatory and political front. I think when we stepped back from it, the outcome that we had in the Detroit Edison rate case late last year was constructive. The ROE did come down and we'd hope for a little higher outcome there. But when you think the case overall, I think we've got a base that's constructed to work from. And we did continue to see solid and broad political support for the regulatory structure here in the state that was put in place about 4 years ago.  On the growth front, we saw our first major wind project at Detroit Edison. We put about $0.25 billion into that. I'll talk about that a little bit later. We also made significant progress on 2 new Non-Utility growth platforms. Our Bluestone Project related to the Marcellus and Pennsylvania, and our Reduced Emissions Fuel business line. Again, I'll talk about those 2 items a little bit later.  And finally, on the financial front, kind of the outcome of all of the work that I just described, our earnings were $3.73, EPS was $3.73, compared to our original guidance a year ago of $3.55, so we had a nice outperform there. Did earn our ROE at Detroit Edison for the second straight year. MichCon was off slightly on its ROE, principally due to warm weather that we and everybody else saw in November and December last year. And we did increase our dividend 5% last year to $2.35 a share.  So I feel we made good progress last year, I also feel good about our launch point for 2012 and I feel good about our longer-term growth prospects, which is where I want to turn now.  And I will move to Slide 9 to do that. You can see on Slide 9 that we have provided guidance for 2012 of $3.80. That's $0.05 higher than the early outlook that we provided back in November. If you compare that $3.80 to the guidance that we've provided a year ago, which was $3.55, it's up 7%. In fact, if you look at the bottom of the slide, you can see that our growth in recent years has been right at about the 7% level, and we are projecting a future growth of 5% to 6%. We often get asked 5% or 6% from what pace? And we want to be clear that the 5% or 6% is from the midpoint of our 2012 guidance, so it's from that $3.80 level.  Now let me talk for a minute about where that growth would come from, starting with Detroit Edison on Slide 10. Detroit Edison will invest about $6.5 billion over the next 5 years, we project. About $4 billion of that, on the left side, will be put into base infrastructure, which is our investments to ensure the reliability of our generation fleet, our distribution systems. 2012 will be just under $800 million in that area. We also have significant expenditures continuing in environmental compliance. We can see that we've ranged that from $1.3 billion to $1.8 billion for the next 5 years. And the range is simply because we're still finalizing our plans and, as you know, the EPA does continue to evolve regulations, and so we may see some changes in the 5-year period that we don't fully understand now. We'll put a little over $250 million into that area in 2012. And then on Renewable Energy, we project just under $1 billion of investment to meet the RPS requirements here in Michigan. We will put $235 million into that arena in 2012.  In fact, Slide 11 provides a bit more detail on our renewable investments because this is an area that's really emerged over the past year. You see on the left hand side of Slide 11, our first large investment in wind, and that's a 212-megawatt project that will be fully operational by March. We pursue this 50-50 with Invenergy. And all of our turbines, we have 64 of the turbines on the site, are, in fact, up and operational. We invested about $250 million into that project. The right-hand side shows you the project we are currently in the midst of. This will be 110 megawatts at 3 sites in what we call the thumb area of Michigan, and we project that will be completed by the end of this year. And again, we'll put on the order of $250 million into that project. That one is -- work began on that last year and will -- little out of the market right now due to weather but we'll be back at it soon. And following that, we do have, in our sites, the next project, which is also 110-megawatt project on the order of $250 million of investment that would likely play out in the 2013 to early 2014 time frame in terms of completion.  Moving on to Slide 12 for MichCon, we project that we'll invest about $1 billion over the next 5 years, but 2/3 of that in base capital focused on strengthening and expanding the distribution system, pipeline integrity and so forth, which just over $150 million into that area this year. The other 2 areas that we're working are both programmatic. One of them is main renewal, our undertaking a program to replace 670 miles of main over the next 10 years, that's about $0.5 billion investment over the 10-year period. And that's really focused primarily on cast iron main that has just reached end-of-life and needs to be replaced.  We do plan to file for a capital recovery mechanism or a surcharge mechanism in our upcoming rate case from MichCon, and we are coordinating that carefully with the Public Service Commission. We'll spend about $40 million in this area this year.  We also are pursuing a meter move-out program. We still have meters inside homes and our older urban areas, and we are going to be moving about 27,000 meters per year out. We need to do that. Customer services impacted too much by having these inside, so we, in the commission, have agreed it's time to get them outside, and we will invest $20 million to that end this year.  We also have some healthy growth opportunities in our Non-Utility business, and those are -- the discussion that starts in Slide 13. The 2 areas where strongest growth opportunities are focused is in our Gas Storage & Pipeline business and our Power & Industrial business. Gas Storage & Pipeline is profiled on the left. It's about a $60 million business today, but we do believe it can reach $100 million by 2016. And that expansion is driven heavily by investments that are tied to the Marcellus Shale and the Millennium Pipeline and some of the things that we're working. I'll describe more of that in a minute.  And the right-hand side is the Power & Industrial earnings profile. It's about a $50 million business this year, that's the midpoint of our guidance for 2012. We believe it can grow to about $100 million business or actually above $100 million by 2016. Most of that growth would be driven by our reduced emissions fuel business at least in the near-term.  Slide 14 provides more color on our Gas Storage & Pipeline opportunities. In the upper left, we have talked to you previously about the Bluestone Pipeline and the associated gathering systems. Bluestone is a lateral off of our Millennium pipe. It's really focused on taking Marcellus gas to market. For us, it will total about $280 million in investment in the pipe itself and then gathering that we're going to undertake. We are heavily in the works of making that pipe real right now, permitting it right away or well along and wrapping up. This pipe is going to be built in 2 phases, a northern phase and a southern phase. Our construction on Phase 1 will begin soon. We expect to have that in service this summer. And then Phase 2 will follow and be in service late this year.  This activity and other developments nearby are driving expansions on the Millennium pipe described in the green -- shown on the green and in the box on the upper right. This pipe is full. It was really full at the end of last year. We saw all sorts of activity moving gas in both directions on this pipe just trying to get Marcellus production to market. We have 2 expansions of the pipe locked in. Those will result in a 50% increase in the capacity of the pipe. First expansion coming into play this year and the second next year.  But in addition to these investments, we are working on additional future opportunities as well. The Bluestone is anchored by Southwestern Energy. But we have been approached by other producers with lease holdings that are adjacent to Bluestone, and several of those discussions we expect will continue and eventually progress into additional gas being moved on Bluestone, an additional investment for us. We also continue to work on extensions of the Millennium Pipeline, extensions and expansions, to provide greater access to the Northeast market from Marcellus production, and we are optimistic that we will make projects of that nature happen as well.  Slide 15 provides an update on the second area of significant growth in our Non-Utility businesses. The reduced emissions fuel business within -- business line is within our Power & Industrial business. On the left-hand side of Slide 15, you see where we stood at year end 2011. We had 3 units in service at Detroit Edison plants, 2 that we have cited in other plants with utilities in the Midwest and at 4 units available for relocation inciting with other utilities. Our earnings contribution last year was under $5 million, and that's low because 3 of the units that we had an operation by end of year were only in operation for weeks. They came on line quite late in the year. And those units also had, for example, 6 months of depreciation, even though they operated for only a few weeks, so that impacted the earnings.  If you look to this year, in the middle of the slide, our focus is on making those 5 units that we have sited and in operation operate very, very well. We're also working on relocating the remaining 4 units, and we are in discussions with a number of other utilities to that end and we expect the earnings contribution to go up to the $30 million level.  And then looking out to 2013 and beyond, we expect to have all 9 units in operation with an average annual contribution moving forward of $50 million or so. That would be the level we'd expect in 2013 could drift up some there from -- because these tax credits do inflate over time. But that's a general feel for the level that we see right now for that business.  And with that, I am going to turn things over to Dave Meador, who's going to give you a fuller update on our financials. Dave, over to you.
David E. Meador: Great. Thanks, Gerry. I will go through the financial updates starting on Slide 17. Operating earnings for 2011 came in strong at $3.73 per share and we'd like to reminded you that a reconciliation to our GAAP reported earnings is contained in the appendix. Starting on the left-hand side, Detroit Edison came in higher than our Fall EEI updated guidance and earned $2.60 per share. This was driven by ongoing cost control and the partial year rate increase that we had last year, and then favorability is driven by a onetime year-end tax adjustment. But second year on the row, Detroit Edison earned its authorized return on equity.  MichCon came in at $0.65 per share. This is at the low end of the guidance and slightly below our targeted 11% return on equity levels. MichCon was on track for almost the entire year due to ongoing cost controls, but mild weather got us at the end of the year and caused a slight miss there.  In the Non-Utility group, Gas Storage & Pipelines earned $0.34 per share. This was better than guidance. It was driven by higher volumes on the pipelines in the fourth quarter. Power & Industrial finished the year in the high-end of the guidance range. This was a transition year for the group and they add several projects to deliver higher-than-expected returns and some onetime items. Energy Trading finished up strong for the year at $0.31. And as you might recall, trading posted solid earnings through the third quarter and we saw that performance continue throughout the remainder of the year. This was aided by favorable timing from contracts that were executed at the beginning of 2011 and also success in both the Power & Gas Trading part of the business.  As Gerry indicated, the total year was not only higher than our original guidance of $3.55, which we projected our 5% to 6% growth off of, but it was also higher than the last guidance that we provided at the Fall EEI, and I'd like to congratulate all of the employees at DTE Energy for another great year on many fronts, including the things that Gerry covered but also our financial performance.  Turning to Slide 18. Gerry talked about our distinctive capability we're building in the continuous improvement area and it's really the way we approach our work. And while we're still building this capability in the company and we feel that we have many more opportunities ahead of us, we're actually getting some really nice results as you can see on this slide. Over the last 7 years, we've driven $350 million of cost savings to the bottom line and we do this because we owe it to our customers to keep rates as low as possible. But also, it's given us the flexibility to achieve our financial goals, and we do this without compromising on our ability to improve customer experience or our operational metrics.  Turning to Slide 19. Although both utilities are revenue decoupled, we watched the local economy very closely. We have said that we see economic recovery in our region and that's going to be slow with the tail on it, but we are certainly seeing continued signs of positive economic health. As you know, Ford and GM and Chrysler have significantly restructured their cost profile and now they're very profitable at much lower volumes. For example, General Motors this morning announced that they earned $7.6 billion last year, and many expected that they'll earn $10 billion a year going forward. All 3 U.S. automakers are profitable and U.S. sales volumes are at about 13 million units, which is down from the 17 million annual sales levels before the 2008 recession.  On this slide on the upper left, you can see that Michigan's employment has improved dramatically from a high of 14% 2 years ago to now under 10%. On the bottom left, you can see the Michigan auto production numbers are up 67% from the trough in 2009. And on the right-hand side is Detroit Edison LOAD which is up also since 2009. Adjusted for the impacts of energy efficiency, we're expecting LOAD to increase another 1% to 2% in 2012.  And Slide 20 is our updated guidance for 2012. We're taking the midpoint of our guidance up from the early outlook that we've provided last year to $3.80 a share, which is a 7% increase over the 2011 guidance of $3.55 that we provided this time last year.  Let me do a quick walk down the chart here. Detroit Edison's guidance of $438 million to $448 million, which is the same outlook we've provided at the EEI Fall conference. The key drivers of the 2012 guidance to the prior year are the lower ROE from last year's rate case and a favorable tax adjustment at the end of the year. And this is partially offset by a full year of rate increases in 2012 in continued cost control. We might file a rate case for Edison later on this year in the fall but we're going to work hard as we always do to see if we could push that forward, including all the way out into 2013. So we'll update you on our rate case strategy for Detroit Edison as we progress during the year.  MichCon's guidance is $110 million to $115 million. With a warm start of the year, MichCon has been negatively impacted about $5 million in January and another $3 million or so in February. Although MichCon does not had a rate increase since 2009, we'll use continuous improvement to deliver targeted earnings which we outlined here, and this is about $5 million less than our fall outlook. We also plan to file a rate case for MichCon in the second quarter.  Gas Storage & Pipelines is targeted to have a modest earnings increase from existing assets after a very strong performance in 2011. More significant growth in this business comes in 2013 from the Bluestone Pipeline that Gerry just talked about.  Power & Industrial is projected to have significant increase in earnings this year, growing to $45 million to $55 million. That's driven primarily by the REF business line producing at higher volumes.  At Energy Trading, we're targeting an earnings at a traditional level, and we've set our guidance here at $30 million to $50 million, which is lower than our actual earnings in 2011. And the holding company will improve year-over-year due to lower interest rates. So the total 2012 guidance is $650 million at midpoint.  Slide 21 provides our cash flow guidance. Cash from operations is projected at $1.9 billion, it's slightly lower than 2011 due to VEBA contributions and some tax payments in 2012. Capital has increased to $1.9 billion and I'll cover that on the next slide.  We're projecting that we will issue $300 million of equity through our DRIP program and pension plans, and we're also assuming here that we monetize our net properties for approximately our book value of $300 million.  On Slide 22 is our capital spending summary. We expect to spend $1.9 billion this year with about $1.3 billion of that being spent at Detroit Edison. Operational CapEx is higher at Edison as we continue to focus on both power plant and distribution reliability. In addition to the increase in operational capital, environmental spending will increase to $255 million as Gerry outlined, and also the renewable energy investments will continue to be strong at $235 million as we continue to build out our wind portfolio.  MichCon have higher CapEx as infrastructure related as we replaced both cast iron mains and we move meters out of folks homes from the inside to the outside. The Non-Utility spending will increase to $430 million, again, driven by the Bluestone Pipeline and projects with Power & Industrial.  As we spend this level of capital, we are also focused on driving economic growth in Michigan. Last year, we announced with the Governor that we would increase our Michigan spend by $750 million over the next 5 years. Last year, we increased our procurement spend in Michigan by $125 million to close to $600 million, and will continue to increase the Michigan spend as we fulfill our commitment to take our Michigan spend from 41% to 60% by 2016.  The Slide 23 is an update on our balance sheet. As we grow our earnings, we'll remain focused on our balance sheet as we always have. Our leverage and cash flow metrics are within our targeted ranges. In January, the 2 utilities were upgraded by Fitch to reflect the continued financial performance that you see there, and the improvement also has been recognized in the Michigan economy. Last year, we financed over $1 billion in debt and that's going to save $25 million in interest per year. We also renewed and extended our credit facility for 5 years. Now the total facility is $1.8 billion and we have $1.4 billion of that available at this time.  On Slide 24, our dividend is $2.35 and it's well supported. Since 2009, we have grown our dividend by over 5% annually, in line with our long-term earnings growth target. The current yield is about 4.4% and our targeted payout ratio is 60% to 70% and future increases will be supported by our projected earnings growth.  Let me wrap up on Slide 25 and then we can take your questions. We will continue to execute on our plan, which has delivered and will deliver 5% to 6% earnings growth going forward. And when you put that together with our dividend, this provides a targeted 9% to 10% total shareholder return. Our Utility growth is set in a constructive environment. We continue to make significant investment in the Utilities that we've outlined for you, driven by mandated investments and also infrastructure investments. And over the next 5 years, we will invest $7.5 billion in the 2 utilities.  We continue to focus on maintaining constructive regulatory environment and we understand that's something that we have to earn every day. We also have a highly engaged workforce. And as Gerry outlined, they are committed to using continuous improvement tools, and on both of those fronts, both employee engagement and continuous improvement, we're going to continue to focus our efforts as we look to improve customer service and drive efficiencies in the business.  We also have substantial growth ahead of us in our Non-Utility businesses, driven by the Bluestone and REF projects. And our goal is to have our Gas Midstream and Power & Industrial businesses earn a combined $225 million by 2016.  And thank you for joining us. And Dana, now, we'd be happy to open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Kevin Cole with Crédit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: It's actually Dan. First question, I guess, just kind of on the REF business and the timing of getting the earnings contributions in. To hit the $30 million for '12, when do you have to have those additional units placed? And where are you in the contracting process and our ability to kind of see that turn from discussions into something tangible?
Gerard M. Anderson: We have some of the placements targeted in the summer like time frame and some late in the year. And in terms of where we are, we have quite serious discussions underway with a number of utilities. So we're feeling like we'll continue to make progress in place of those. Did that answer the question?
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes. I guess, when you're looking at those projects, is there some variability potential base in the size of the plants you're looking? I know this is a volumetric business but are you seeing when you might be able to do better based on -- kind of the size of plants you're discussing with right now?
Gerard M. Anderson: Yes, we are talking to a range of plant sizes, so you could be talking to plants that are in the 3 million to 4 million ton range. There are also plants that are up in the 8 million to 10 million ton range. And to your point, depending on where you end up placing them, if you ended up with a collection of them that were toward the high-end, you'd strengthen the outcome and they all end up at the low-end, it would weaken it, which we don't expect. And what we've got in our projection here is a mix of those. We end up with something in between the high and the low-end.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, my other question is kind of on the Barnett sale. In the slides, I noticed you gave a little more detail about the breakdown of reserve base between liquids and gas. When you look at monetizing those assets, are you having a better conversation because they're probably more liquids-rich for the Barnett versus what you'd normally expect?
Gerard M. Anderson: Yes, the whole premise of this monetization has been that there's an oil-rich zone at Marble Falls beneath our properties. The wells that we're drilling, the oil wells are producing very good results, really attractive returns and we're able to hedge in prices at the wellhead now at about $100. As you can see, a lot of the revenue does come from oil and the vast majority of it -- the rest is from NGL. So anybody looking at this -- in this environment in particular is going to be focused on oil and NGLs. And that's a good environment for that.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then, I guess if I look at the reserves on 31, there really wasn't a big change in proved or probable on a cumulative basis. Were there some gas write-downs to the move in gas prices that lowered that number relative to activity there, or is that just kind of based on your joint activity was a pretty static outlook?
David E. Meador: No, I'm not sure I would read that into this. We are -- have been shifting acreage at the same time as part of what happened here, so the focus is really just been on the oil in particular, so we actually have been drilling in different places. And also, these reserve numbers are a 5-year projected number under the SEC calculations. So I would not look at that as much as I would be more inclined to look at Slide 32 and just see where the revenue and reserves are by oil and NGL.
Operator: Then we'll go next with Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Dave, did you say that you'd kind of baked in the weather to date in your MichCon number?
David E. Meador: We have. So as I've said, year-to-date, we're with this mild winter. We were off about $8 million, and that's baked in on our guidance, it's assumed in our guidance right now. As you saw, we took our guidance down from the EEI 5 million and we're going to work offset the remainder.
Gerard M. Anderson: Yes, we saw 5 million in January, we're projecting 3 million in February. We aren't through February yet, but it's warm, has been everywhere. So that's what we think the impact will be. And as Dave said, we're going to work some of that off and some of it shows up in a bit lower guidance.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And then just in Michigan, if there's any lapse in the PTC, what -- how do you react to that? How does the state react to that? And then just any update on choice legislation.
Gerard M. Anderson: On the PTC, we have a requirement at 10% by 2015, so we will continue to invest and make that happen. We're right on track to make that happen. So what it really raises is what's the ultimate cost to the customers. And the most recent round of investments that we saw when you're able to internalize PTC, we have projected wind cost in the $0.0625 range. But if you lose a PTC, it takes us up a couple of cents. So you're going to be more like $0.08 to $0.085. So that's the real question, the investment will happen but PTC lower the cost of customers. And then on choice legislation, we had some discussions of that last year. It really played out late in the year with the review in the Senate Energy Committee, where they took a broad look at the laws that were passed in 2008 and how they felt about them. And if you go and look at the findings of that committee, what they essentially said was done a full review. We like the way they're working and we're going to stand firm. And if you go into the administration with the Governor and his key aides, I think not only is their focus elsewhere, they don't see any modification to the regulatory constructing Michigan as a priority either. So I feel good about the political climate for that.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Is there a time frame in '12 when you'd like to have the monetization done at the Barnett?
Gerard M. Anderson: Well, we're looking towards moving into that midyear and would try to wrap up by year end. Sometime this summer, we'd kick it off and try to wrap up by year end.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: My question is I think you've said the EEI that you would anticipate being done with your testing of DSI by the end of the year. I apologize if I missed comments on this earlier, but did you provide an update on that on this call?
Gerard M. Anderson: We didn't. but I will provide a quick one. We continue to be encouraged by the DSI testing results. We are a little bit delayed. A couple of units that we were using for DSI testing ran into operational issues. We have one of the units down per period that delayed our testing. So we are a couple of months behind where we hope to be at this point with the testing. But everything we're seeing suggests that we're going to have good success with that. Were trying to. But we do need to finalize the testing on the remaining units to determine that, that, in fact, is the case. So instead of being done by early this year, we're probably going to play this out through the first quarter, early into the second quarter before we have a clear read on it.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Do you think maybe by the next quarterly call, you'll be telling us what your plan is based on...
Gerard M. Anderson: I think we will have a much better idea, yes.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Chin with Citigroup.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I may have missed this a little bit earlier but I think you had commented on the decoupler and then you jumped straight into commentary on the Michigan economy. Just to be absolutely clear on this, when you got your new decoupler at Detroit Edison, that's only for energy efficiencies, so there is upside in case the Michigan economy continues to improve here, right?
Gerard M. Anderson: Well, a couple of things. The decoupler is weather adjusted, so if weather were strong, there's upside. If weather is weak, you're exposed to that. In addition, there's a dead band around your sales levels of 1.5% in the first year and then 3%. So you actually are decoupled from weather-adjusted LOAD movements within that band. If you get outside of the band, if you have a particularly strong or weak year, then you are protected, or you get the upside either, depending on which direction it goes. Did that answer the question?
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, that does.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just to go back to the REF stuff, at EEI, you guys sort of saw some significant upside potentially. I mean, I think your base numbers look similar for 2015 -- I'm sorry, 2013 through 2016. But I'm just wondering, the upside that you guys saw as a potential, how does that look now, now that you're further along in the process?
Gerard M. Anderson: Well, there still is a bond around these earnings and it's driven by the plants that you end up siting them at. So as I was saying earlier, if you'll site the plants at larger -- resite the units at larger power plants, you play into the upside and the opposite is true if you end up with a string of smaller plants. So I think we're going to -- we'll have a better feel for that as this year plays out, and we'll be able to get people clarity as we start to actually firm up where we're going to relocate these units. The other thing you saw on those charts and for earnings and cash flow is projected as they drift it up over time, and the reason for that is that the tax credits inflate over time. So that continues to be true. What we're giving you here is you can probably see is kind of the middle of that band as we enter it. But we'll know a lot more about precisely where we're going to land within the band as we get these units sited.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. So stay tuned, I guess.
Gerard M. Anderson: I would say so.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Now the PTC wind tax expiration, I know you guys are renewable portfolio standard, but do you see that as potentially impacting the amount of renewable investment that might happen in the state and affect you guys in any way? Or how should we think about that?
Gerard M. Anderson: No, no. We do have an off-ramp that's cost related for our renewable investments. That was one of the provisions of the RPS when it was put in place. If it got too expensive, you just stop spending. But we do not see that happening with the investments to date and our projected cost of future investments suggest we will be able to invest -- to hit the 10% without the production tax credits. Actually it makes it more expensive. But our experience with the production tax credits, we had a small amount of wind going into production in the state. Early on, that was about $0.11, then it went to $0.09, then it went to $0.06, and this was all due to technology evolution. The turbines went up higher, the blade profiles were changed. And so we've gone from capacity factors on these turbines that were in the low 30s now to the low to mid 40s. And so -- and that, as you may know, capacity factor is a really big impact on the -- that's for kilowatt hour delivered out of these units. So even with the production tax credit potentially going away, we think we'll be able to think we have a high degree of certainty that we will play out the investments and the technology evolution has been helpful to make that happen.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just finally, what is sort of your long-term planning for megawatt hour or kilowatt hour sales growth on a retail basis in your service territory?
Gerard M. Anderson: We're looking at -- for one thing, we're investing $100 million a year in energy efficiency, and so that's peeling out part of the growth. It's a good thing. We're supportive of that. It's helping manage affordability for customers, but it's probably 1% to 2% a year over and above that.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: So is that including -- I'm sorry, is that including the energy efficiency or is that before it?
Gerard M. Anderson: That would be beyond it.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. So with energy efficiency what would it be? Would it be less?
David E. Meador: Yes, there's a slight amount that you would take it down to. So it might, over time, push it down to 1%, all in, 1% to 1.5%. We also would expect as the Michigan economy continues to recover here, you're going to see it's -- just more natural low growth.
Operator: And we'll go next to Andy Levi with Caris.
Andrew Levi - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: No, no, no, I'm sorry. I thought you heard me. I'm all set.
Operator: And there are no further questions in the queue at this time.
Gerard M. Anderson: Well, great. As we said earlier, we really appreciate you being with us this morning. Look forward to giving you updates as the year progresses on the plan, but we do feel good about what lies ahead this year. Look forward to talking to all of you soon. Thanks.
Operator: Again, that does conclude today's presentation. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Peter B. Oleksiak - Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President, Controller and Investor Relations Officer David E. Meador - Chief Financial officer, Executive Vice President and Member of Internal Risk Management Committee Nick Khouri - Vice President, Treasurer and Member of Internal Risk Management Committee
Analysts: Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Naaz Khumawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome, everyone, to the DTE Energy Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time I'd like to turn the conference over to Dave Meador. Please go ahead, sir.
David E. Meador: Thank you, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to our third quarter earnings call. And before we get started, I encourage you to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2, including the reference to forward-looking statements.  With me this morning are Peter Oleksiak, our Vice President and Comptroller; Nick Khouri, our Vice President and Treasurer; and Mark Rolling, who's our Director of Investor Relations. I also have members of the management team with me that I can call on during the Q&A period. This morning, we'll cover the third quarter results and the final order we recently received in the Detroit Edison rate case. We'll be at EEI next week, and we'll take the opportunity there to update you on our long-term plan, including an early outlook of 2012 operating earnings. We'll provide updates on the growth story at the 2 utilities, as well as Power & Industrial's REF business line and Gas Storage and Pipelines' Bluestone Project. Additionally, we'll provide an update on how we will finance our growth plans over the next several years. Gerry and I will be at EEI Monday, so the focus on this call will be on the quarter and 2011.  Let me start on Slide 5. We have a disciplined growth plan that will provide 5% to 6% long-term earnings growth per share, which when combined with our attractive dividend, provides a 9% to 10% total shareholder return. And all of this is always set around one of our north stars, which is maintaining a strong balance sheet.  But utilities have robust growth plans. At Detroit Edison, the growth is driven primarily by mandated environmental controls and renewable energy. While at MichCon, the growth is driven by infrastructure investments including a long-term cast-iron main replacement plan and a program to move gas meters outside of customers' homes. In Michigan, we are supported by both the 2008 comprehensive energy legislation and a very constructive regulatory structure. And we see it as our responsibility to earn this favorable construct every single day. We utilize continuous improvement capabilities to ensure our utilities are as efficient as possible, and that, at the same time, we're minimizing rate increases to our customers. This intense focus on continuous improvement has resulted in O&M cost, which in absolute terms, are lower than 2005 levels. That means over the last 6 years, we've offset over $325 million of inflation. This has enabled both of our utilities during their authorized returns, and at the same time, we've improved operational metrics throughout the company by holding down rate increases to customers.  We continue to see attractive growth opportunities in our non-utility businesses as well, particularly on the empowered industrial projects in the Gas Storage and Pipelines. And as I mentioned, we'll take you through our long-term growth plans at the EEI Financial Conference on Monday and Tuesday. On the next couple of pages, I'll provide an overview of the quarterly results, the rate order and also an update on our guidance. So turning to Slide 6, are the highlights from our third quarter. We continue to have a good year and turned in another solid quarter. DTE Energy had operating earnings of $1.07 per share compared to $0.96 in the third quarter of last year. The key quarter-over-quarter drivers include lower earnings at Detroit Edison due to higher plant O&M spend in the quarter. Power & Industrial had one-time non-repeating items last year in the third quarter, so earnings this year are lower. Our Midstream business continues to provide solid earnings, and Energy Trading earnings are up sharply driven by ongoing improved economic performance. With 3 quarters of the year behind us and the final rate order at Edison now completed, we're confident in tightening our operating earnings guidance for the year to $3.50 to $3.70 per share, from $3.40 to $3.70 per share, moving the midpoint up $0.05. And I have a page on the guidance coming up that we could take you through.  The balance sheet remains strong, and we will hit all of our goals for the year. Also we just recently renewed our $1.8 billion credit line, taking them out 5 years with a nice reduction in fees. And we have received the final order at Detroit Edison, which I will now cover on the next page which is Slide 7.  But first let me set the context for the Detroit Edison rate order. The comprehensive energy legislation, which was passed in 2008, had features that were negotiated among all key stakeholders. This included the renewable energy and energy efficiency plans, the skewing of business rates for business customers and a 12-month rate case cycle with 6 months self-implementation of rates. Over the last few years, there were several tracking mechanisms added to our regulatory framework, including a bad debt tracker, the storm and restoration tracker and an electric choice tracker. What probably wasn't contemplated was the complexity of how to deal with multiple tracking mechanisms being modified or eliminated during a period of self-implementation. This is further complicated this year by a separate depreciation case at Detroit Edison, which was finalized in June. The good news from a complexity standpoint is that almost all the trackers have been removed. But the bad debt, the storm restoration and choice trackers were eliminated. But we still retain a modified revenue decoupling mechanism at Detroit Edison. The Detroit Edison will be a simpler story going forward, although we do have a couple of reconciliation cases to work our way through. And then as a reminder, at MichCon, we still have a bad debt tracker and the decoupling mechanism there also.  In the Detroit Edison case, the intersection of the trackers, self-implementation and the depreciation case add a complexity and we had one item that we asked the MPSC to relook at this week, and we really appreciate the commission resolving this in a timely manner. It was related to the accounting treatment of the impact of change and depreciation rates during the self-implementation period. There are some other technical issues in the case that we will pursue in a rehearing process and we'll file for that rehearing in the next several weeks. Beyond that, it was a constructive order and we look forward to working with the existing commissioners and the new Chairman.  On page 8, there's an update on our 2011 operating earnings guidance. Overall, we're tightening our earnings per share range by bringing up the lower end of the range by $0.10 and increasing the midpoint $0.05 to $3.60. The lower range for Detroit Edison incorporates the partial year 50 basis points reduction in the authorized return on equity for that utility. We now expect unconventional gas to have a tiny loss for the year as we continue to prove up the oil reserves in the Marble Falls and prepare those assets for monetization. Energy Trading, as I previously noted, is having a very solid economic performance year-to-date, giving us the confidence to move their range closer to historical earning levels. The revised guidance is $593 million to $628 million, with the midpoint of $3.60 per share.  Now let me pass it over to Peter Oleksiak, who will take you through some additional details on the quarter.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Thanks, Dave. Good morning, everyone. Let's start with Slide 10 and third quarter earnings results.  For the quarter, DTE's operating earnings per share was $1.07. I'd like to remind everyone that a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings is contained in the appendix. Detroit Edison contributed $0.92, and MichCon, which typically incurs an operating loss in the third quarter, came in at $0.06 loss.  The non-utility segments combined to earn $0.27. The drivers for the non-utility second quarter results were Energy Trading at $0.13, Gas, Storage and Pipelines at $0.08, Power & Industrial Projects at $0.07 and Unconventional Gas Production at $0.01 loss. Finally, corporate & other had a loss of $0.06 in the quarter.  Let's move on to Slide 11 and a summary of the quarter-over-quarter performance by segment. Our operating earnings for consolidated DTE Energy are up $20 million for the quarter. Detroit Edison's operating earnings was $157 million, down $8 million from the prior year. I'll cover more details on Detroit Edison in a moment. As noted earlier, the third quarter is typically a loss for the seasonal gas utility business. MichCon had a non-operating loss of $11 million, down $5 million from the prior year. The decrease in earnings was driven by a true-up of the final rate order in 2010 and lower storage revenues in 2011. Our non-utility segments are up $23 million in total, primarily driven by our Energy Trading segment, partially offset by lower earnings at our Power & Industrial projects. Energy Trading is up $34 million in 2011, coming off a loss of $12 million in the third quarter of 2010. The improvement is driven by a favorable economic performance and the benefit of accounting timing. As Dave mentioned in his update on earnings guidance, the trading company is essentially back at historical levels of income with a strong third quarter performance. For your reference, we provided our standard year-to-date economic to accountings earnings walk for the segment in the appendix, which shows the improved economic earnings in 2011 versus 2010.  Another driver in the quarter-over-quarter performance is the Power & Industrial Projects segment, which was down $14 million in the quarter, which is primarily resulting from non-repeating earnings last year from the steel industry fuel's tax credit.  Lastly, corporate & other was up $10 million from last year primarily to lower interest in 2011. We expect attributable ability reverse in the fourth quarter with the timing of tax-related expense. Page 12 shows an earning loss for Detroit Edison. Again, the company produced operating earnings of $157 million for the quarter, a decrease of $8 million from the prior year. We experienced a $1 million improvement in margin driven by self-implementation rates recorded in the third quarter, offset by the revenue true-up recorded as a result of the October final order.  Even though electric utilities decoupled, we closely monitor sales levels and the underlying economy for our region. Overall, temperature-normalized service area load was up just over 0.50% in the quarter and close to 1% up year to date. Industrial load is up another 2% year-to-date, temperature-normalized driven primarily by the automotive sector. As a note, we had a very hot summer with a lot of storm activity as did much of the country. Edison's revenue decoupling mechanism and restoration tracker neutralized those impacts from hitting the bottom line. The primary change in earnings for the quarter is an increase in the timing of plan, maintenance and O&M expense within our generation fleet. We are still on track to achieve our O&M plans for the year. That concludes an update on the earnings for the quarter, and I'll turn the discussion over to the Nick Khouri, who will cover cash flow and capital expenditures.
Nick Khouri: Thanks, Peter. As always, improved cash flow and balance sheet strength remains a key priority for management and Board of Directors. For the first 9 months of this year, DTE Energy's cash and balance sheet metrics are on track to hit our full-year goals, and in fact, are nearly equal to the historically strong year we saw in 2010.  Page 14 summarizes our balance sheet metrics. We expect to end this year well within our targeted leverage and cash flow ranges. In addition, we have completed our 2011 funding requirements, including a $200 million contribution into our pension plan earlier this year. As we've said all along, we do not foresee the need for new equity in 2011. Liquidity remains strong, especially as Dave mentioned with the recent 5-year extension of our $1.8 billion of credit facilities.  Page 15 provides an overview of DTE's cash flow in the first 3 quarters of this year versus the same period last year. Cash from operations at $1.5 billion was on par with a strong internal cash seen last year. As expected, capital is up compared to last year, which I will detail in a minute. All told, net cash after dividends was a positive $100 million through the first 3 quarters of 2011.  Page 16 details capital spending. Year-to-date, total capital at DTE is up about 20%, or $180 million from the prior year. Capital at Edison is higher, reflecting an increase in both environmental spending and the acceleration of Wind Projects in Michigan. As we discussed on our call last quarter, we have accelerated the timing of our wind investments in Michigan. Renewable capital in 2011 is now projected at $350 million for the full year, up from the original guidance of $50 million. Since renewable investments at Detroit Edison are funded with a pre-existing surcharge, the new capital can be supported without an increase in customer rates while still maintaining our balance sheet target. At MichCon, both operational and expansion capital is up this year, while non-utility capital is down due to the 2010 equity contribution from Millennium, as that pipeline went into service.  In summary, DTE's cash and balance sheet targets are on track, with year-to-date actuals nearing the historically strong year we saw in 2010, allowing us to accelerate our investment in the renewable portfolio for Detroit Edison. Now let me turn it back over to Dave to wrap up.
David E. Meador: Thanks, Nick. Let me wrap up on Slide 18. 2011 is shaping up to be another good year for DTE Energy, which is allowing us again to deliver on the commitments that we've made to you. The solid year-to-date results and increased certainty around Detroit Edison, we're narrowing our guidance range for the year and moving the midpoint to $3.60 per share. We continue to make investments, as Nick outlined in this capital schedules, necessary to drive our long-term growth. And we look forward to sharing our future plans with you in more details next week at EEI. Gerry and I are scheduled to deliver our presentation at 9:45 on Tuesday morning, and we look forward to seeing many of you there next week. And with that, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Kevin Cole of Credit Suisse.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: With the ROE reset, will this impact your ability to grow, I guess, from '11 into '12 by your stated 6% EPS growth or are there kind of some easy tweaks that you can do to your current strategy to support the growth?
David E. Meador: We'll lay out our 2012 and future growth plans next week, but we're still confident that we can grow 5% to 6% off the base of the original midpoint of this year. So if you took $3.55 forward, we're comfortable with everything that we see right now in the portfolio businesses, in addition to what we can do at Detroit Edison to hit that objective.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, now since given your rate cases are largely just capital-focused. Are you going to, I guess, maybe see about working a commission or feeling out their interest in trying to build as a longer stay-out periods that way you can kind of avoid the year-on-year volatility over this?
David E. Meador: Sure. Our sense, first of all, as I mentioned, that our rate proceedings will become much simpler with the removal of many of these trackers. And our general approach and philosophy is to stay out of rate cases as long as possible. As you know, we're very sensitive to the impact of rate increases on our customers, so we do everything we can do including ongoing continuous improvement to stay out of rate cases. That said, we are going to be looking for example at the Gas business, with what you see across the country is the majority of what's happening on rates there is related to infrastructure investments. And it's pretty common to have infrastructure-related trackers for gas LDCs and that's something we're very interested in at MichCon, which would allow us even to stay out of rate cases even further. But for the most part at Detroit Edison, I think what you're going to get to over time is it's going to be assets placed in service is going to be the primary issue that we'll be covering off in these rate cases and that's pretty routine for us. We don't have disallowances, and as you know, most of the capital here is mandated capital.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. And then my last question is, I guess, on the State, 10% by 2020, renewable standard. Will your prefunded renewable energy surcharge fully fund the rest of the capital -- or the rest of the renewable program to meet the standard?
David E. Meador: Yes.
Operator: And our next question comes from Naaz Khumawala with Bank of America.
Naaz Khumawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Do you mind just giving us an update on the economy and what you're seeing in terms of residential and commercial sales?
David E. Meador: Peter, you want to take that?
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes. I mean, when you look at it, there's a nice schedule on the supplemental, actually it's on the last page, that gives you your temperature-normalized service area, that's what we look at really to get a pulse on the economy. Residential right now is actually flat year-over-year. We're probably anticipating that going forward. That's actually where a lot of our focus on our energy efficiency is at -- and actually industrial, we are seeing pickup of this year around 2% year-to-date, and we're anticipating that to continue on. And the commercial, we're seeing a pick up as well. So we're feeling pretty good in terms of a recovery here. And actually, when you look at next year, we're looking at roughly about 1.50% before efficiency growth.
Naaz Khumawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. So in the sense that you're uncollectible tracker, was set -- it was moved in the base rates and it was set on 2011 test year or whatever you filed for the tracker, given that sales have come down, is that concerning at all?
David E. Meador: No. We're comfortable with where that is set. And then just as a reminder, as we go into the heating season, we do have a bad debt tracker at MichCon for the gas LDC.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I was going to ask for an update on REF, but I guess I'm going to get shot down and told to wait till next week.
David E. Meador: Yes. Because my sense is we have some new PowerPoint slides that we'll be talking off of that'll make it a lot easier to do than I could do here, but we're going to outline for you where we are on the existing machines and the host siting construction process and then also how we see that ramping up in 2012 and 2013. So we'll lay that out in a fair amount of detail next week. So the PowerPoints will be out first thing Monday morning.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Monday. Yes, Monday.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
David E. Meador: Well, it sounds like we don't have any other questions on the quarter. As you know, we're pleased with where we are in the quarter and for the year, and we're happy that we could tighten the guidance and raise that midpoint $0.05. And we do look forward to seeing everyone next week. We've -- we're booked pretty solid both days and if you're not scheduled for a 1-on-1 and you have time to come to our presentation on Tuesday morning, that would be great, because as we just mentioned with Paul, we're going to be laying out in more detail how we see the businesses growing over the next several years, including some new detail on the REF business line and an update on the Bluestone Project. But thanks for joining us and we'll see you next week.
Operator: And that does concludes today's conference, ladies and gentlemen. We appreciate everyone's participation today.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: David Meador - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Member of Internal Risk Management Committee Nick Khouri - Vice President, Treasurer and Member of Internal Risk Management Committee Peter Oleksiak - Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President, Controller and Investor Relations Officer
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG Erica Piserchia - Wunderlich Securities Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Mark Sigal - Canaccord Genuity Chris Bassett - Decade Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Leslie Rich - Columbia Management Phyllis Gray - Dwight Asset Management. Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the DTE Energy Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Meador. Please go ahead, sir.
David Meador: Thank you, Connie. Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter conference call. Before we get started, I encourage you to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2, including the reference to forward-looking statements. With me this morning are Peter Oleksiak, Nick Khouri, and Mark Rolling. I also have members of the leadership team in the room and they're available in the Q&A session if needed. Before we get started, I just wanted to mention that we ended up announcing our earnings call and CMS did at the same time, inadvertently. So when we realized that, we adjusted our call 0.5 hour here to allow as many of you as possible to listen to both us and CMS' call. And going forward, we'll try to avoid that so you can hear both of the Michigan companies as we go through our quarterly earnings. So with that background, let me start on Slide 5. This is our investment thesis. And for those of you that follow the company, you've seen this investment thesis many times and you know that it's constant and it serves as the North star for us in positioning DTE Energy as an attractive investment for you. In May, we announced a 5% increase in our dividend, which brings the annual dividend to $2.35 per share. And in addition to that solid dividend yield, we plan to deliver 5% to 6% long-term earnings per share growth. And when you combine those 2 together, that provides an attractive total shareholder return of 9% to 10%.  Our utility growth is driven by mandates at the state and the federal level and is supported by a constructive regulatory environment. While capital requirements to meet both the current and proposed environmental rules and renewable mandates are quite significant, we're applying our continuous improvement methodology to drive greater capital efficiency to ensure we manage the impact on our customers. And as we've talked about many times in the past, it's our continuous improvement capabilities which have enabled us to make significant reductions in O&M expense and drive our utilities turns -- their authorized returns, which they did last year and we're targeted to again this year. We continue to focus on operational excellence and customer service. And as an example of those, I wanted to mention that we have driven many, many improvement initiatives. One of the things that we focused in on is providing appointment windows for our customers and then delivering on those appointments. So we do that in both the gas and the electric utilities, as an example. And right now, we're at a 96% attainment of the windows when we give our customers appointments.  Another example in that area is our channel management strategy, where we're looking to shift customers from customer offices to the voice response system, to call centers, then to the web and then our new mobile applications that we're developing -- and at the same time, delighting those customers in every channel that we serve them in. We also remain committed to being a force for growth and renewed prosperity in the communities we serve. We recently announced the plan to boost our annual Michigan-based purchases of products and services by $250 million by 2015. Approximately 60% of our non-fuel purchases will be sourced in Michigan by then, which is up from 44% today. Another example is, this week we announced, with other Detroit-based companies, an employee program called Live Detroit, which provides incentives for those to move into downtown Detroit or the midtown area just north of us. We've also recently talked about some of the meaningful growth opportunities we have in our Non-Utility businesses, particularly at the Power & Industrial Projects, and also the Gas Midstream business. And I'll give you an update on recent developments on those fronts in just a minute.  On Slide 6 is an overview for the quarter. We strive to develop a reputation of putting out our plans and then delivering on those commitments. We are right where we want to be after 6 months, with solid results in the quarter, where we earned $0.65 in operating earnings per share. Detroit Edison's margin was up for the quarter, with self-implementation of new rates beginning in the spring, while the Power & Industrial earnings are down from a record level in 2010. And that's mainly due to a number of non-recurring items last year. The Gas Midstream business continues to provide good earnings for us and Energy Trading earnings are up significantly from the loss we experienced in the second quarter of 2010. Our reported earnings include a onetime benefit from the change in the state of Michigan tax law. The impact of this change was neutral at the Utilities and was incurred only at the Non-Utility businesses. On the cash front, we've generated $1.2 billion in cash from operations year-to-date, which is consistent from the strong levels that we achieved last year and our balance sheet metrics are right where we want them to be. On the development side, we entered into a long-term agreement with Southwestern Energy earlier this month to build and operate the Bluestone lateral pipeline and gathering system. The Bluestone lateral will be a wholly owned DTE pipeline running between the Millennium Pipeline and the Tennessee Pipeline. The Bluestone gathering assets will collect natural gas from Southwestern's Marcellus Shale acreage and move it to the lateral pipe. The investment for this lateral pipe and the initial gathering system will be $150 million to $200 million with upside potential over time to expand that gathering system, for a total investment of up to $280 million. We also announced the first 2 expansions in the Millennium mainline, which will go into service in 2012 and 2013. So for some time, we've talked about the fact that our assets are very, very strategically positioned relative to the Marcellus Shale. And what you're seeing now is us stepping out to make investments which will support the growth of the Midstream business there. At the Power & Industrial business, we're seeing the Reduced Emission Fuels business materializing as a significant growth opportunity. We have 5 REF machines in service and 2 more are being constructed. And we're in advanced discussions with a number of potential partners and expect that we'll build potentially additional facilities this year. We expect to be able to go into more detail on both of these investments at the Fall EEI Financial Conference.  Now moving to Slide 7. I want to give you a sense of where we are halfway through the year. Our performance for the first 6 months of 2011 continues to support our full year guidance at midpoint. Now being a former car guy, I would describe the first 6 months by saying we're firing on all 8 cylinders. But now that I'm driving a Chevy Volt,I can't use that analogy anymore. But I'd say in the electric world version here, the electric engines are all running and spinning throughout the company here very well. Both our utilities are on track, doing their authorized returns again, which is at 11%. And we're looking forward to a productive order at Detroit Edison as our rate case plays out later this fall.  Year-to-date, operating earnings of both the Non-Utility businesses are in line with our full year projections as well. Power & Industrial will probably see a small lift in the second half of the year due to the REF projects starting to come online. And both Energy Trading and Corporate & Other are on track to hit their guidance for the year. So overall, we had a very good first half of the year. And with that overview, now let me turn it over to Peter, who will take you through more details on the second quarter.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks, David. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to start with Slide 9 in the second quarter earnings [indiscernible]. For the quarter, DTE's operating earnings were $0.65. I'd like to remind everyone that a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings is contained in the Appendix. Detroit Edison contributed $0.59. And MichCon, which typically incurs an operating loss for the second quarter combined came in at a $0.02 loss. The Non-Utility segments combined to earn $0.18. The drivers for the Non-Utility second quarter results were Gas Storage & Pipeline at $0.09, Trading at $0.07, Power & Industrial Projects at $0.03, and Nonconventional Gas Production at a $0.01 loss. Finally, Corporate & Other had a loss of $0.10 in the quarter.  Let's move to Slide 10 and a summary of the quarter-over-quarter performance by segment. I've simplified my presentation pages this quarter due to the straightforward nature of the earnings experiences at the utilities. For those separate earnings walks on the utilities, I described the quarter-over-quarter changes with Slide 10. Operating earnings for consolidated DTE Energy are up $45 million for the quarter. Detroit Edison's operating earnings was $100 million, up $13 million from prior year. The favorability is driven by improved margin resulting from self-implemented rates in the second quarter of 2011. Even though our electric utility is decoupled, we closely monitor sales levels and the underlying economy for our region. Overall, temperature-normal electric load in the territory was relatively flat for the quarter. Last year in the second quarter, the auto companies were ramping up production and inventory levels, so it's a strong quarter for industrial sales. This is playing out as we look at the quarter-over-quarter this year. Moving to MichCon, as noted earlier, the second quarter is typically a loss for the seasonal Gas Utility business. MichCon had an operating loss of $3 million, down $2 million for the prior year. The decrease in earnings was driven by final order rates falling through this quarter versus self-implemented rates last year. We also saw lower storage revenues offset by favorable weather.  Our non-utility segments were up $26 million, primarily driven by higher earnings at Energy Trading, partially offset by lower earnings at Power & Industrial Projects. Power & Industrial Projects are down $17 million resulting from non-repeating earnings last year from the steel industry fuels tax credit and favorable transportation contracts. Energy Trading is up $38 million, following a loss of $26 million in the second quarter of 2010. The improvement is driven by favorable economic performance and favorable accounting timing-related earnings. We have provided our standard year-to-date economic and accounting earnings walks for the segment in the Appendix, and this quarter we've also included a quarter-over-quarter walk. Lastly, Corporate and Other was up $8 million from last year due to lower interest and taxes in 2011.  That concludes an update on the earnings for the quarter. I'll turn the discussion over to Nick Khouri, who will cover cash flow and capital expenditures.
Nick Khouri: Thanks, Peter, and good morning, everyone. As always, improved cash flow and balance sheet strength remains a key priority for management and the Board of Directors. Through the first 6 months of this year, DTE Energy's cash and balance sheet metrics are on track -- in fact, nearly equal to the historically strong year we saw in 2010.  Page 12 summarizes our balance sheet metrics. We expect to end this year within our targeted leverage and cash flow ranges. In addition, we have made significant progress towards our 2011 funding requirements. We completed our pension plan funding earlier this year than in past years and we do not foresee the need for new equity in 2011. Liquidity remains strong, with no expiring credit facilities until 2012. Page 13 provides an overview of DTE Energy's cash flow in the first half of this year versus the same period last year. As Dave mentioned, cash from operations at $1.2 billion was on par with the strong internal cash seen last year. As expected, capital was up compared to last year, which I will detail in a minute. All told, net cash reached a positive $300 million in the first half of 2011. As in prior years, net cash is not equal across the 4 quarters of the year. Both working capital requirements and capital spending is backloaded towards the end of the year. Page 14 details capital spending. As expected, capital spending is up from last year. Capital is higher at Detroit Edison, reflecting an increase in both environmental spending and the acceleration of wind projects in Michigan. As we discussed on our last call, we have accelerated the timing of our wind investment in Michigan. Renewable capital in 2011 is now projected at $350 million for the full year, up from the original guidance of $50 million. Since renewable investments at Detroit Edison are funded with a pre-existing surcharge, the new capital can be supported without an increase in customer rates, while still maintaining our balance sheet targets. In summary, DTE's cash and balance sheet targets are on track, with year-to-date actuals nearing the historically strong year we saw in 2010, allowing us to accelerate our investment in Renewable portfolio for Detroit Edison.  Now let me turn it back over to Dave to wrap up.
David Meador: Thanks, Nick. Let me wrap up on Slide 16. We're off to a very good start in 2011, and we are confident in our guidance range of $3.40 to $3.70 operating earnings per share and very comfortable with our midpoint guidance. All businesses are on track, as we laid out, to deliver their targets. As Nick just explained, our cash flow and balance sheet metrics are also on track for our 2011 targets. We have a very constructive regulatory environment in the state and we're looking forward to a reasonable outcome in the Detroit Edison rate case later this fall. We're making significant investments that we've laid out for you at both our Utility and our Non-Utility businesses, which will fuel our 5% to 6% long-term earnings per share growth. And on the growth front, we are excited about the opportunities that we see at both the Reduced Emission Fuels and the Gas Midstream business and we will keep you updated on that, including a deeper dive at the Fall EEI Conference. So we're pleased with our performance through the second quarter and we believe that positions us very well to achieve our goals for this year and beyond. Thank you for joining us and, Connie, we will now open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Ashar Khan from Visium Asset Management.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Dave, can I just ask you, I guess, you guys have mentioned regarding some monetization of certain properties towards the second half of the year. Is that still on plan or no?
David Meador: What we have laid out was that, over time, we are going to prove up our properties, our remaining properties in the Barnett. There might be some small monetizations this year, with larger monetizations next year. And I still think as we play out this year, there could be some small sales that we do on the Barnett Shale as we continue to prove up those properties. We have some properties there that are more mature than others. So we are looking at the possibility of some small sales this year but most of that would be in 2012 and beyond.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. Even the ones this year are more towards later end of the year, I guess?
David Meador: Yes.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I just wanted to touch base on a couple items. First of all, the tax benefit that you got, I know that's a onetime item but is there any impact on the future? Or is there any benefit or what-have-you going forward from this law change?
David Meador: No. No. When you change a law like this they restructure -- one of the several things the governor has done in his first 6 months is, they changed the business tax law in Michigan to make it more favorable for businesses and you have to revalue your deferred tax assets and liabilities. And that's just the net of that basically flows through your income statement as a onetime benefit at the parent. There's no cash immediately related to that, so it's just an accounting adjustment that is a onetime adjustment.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. But this effort to improve the business climate, that doesn't help you guys at all in terms of anything directly on the income statement or going forward?
David Meador: Going forward, actually, the way it plays out for us is a slight tax increase. It's small, kind of $15 million, but that...
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. The second thing is that there was a ruling, I guess, in Appeals Court regarding low income assistance that the commission had granted. I generally think of that as being something that's sort of passed through to ratepayers anyway. Is there any implications either associated with that or any other wider implications that came out because of that?
David Meador: No, that item's immaterial. The one thing that we continue to watch is LIEE heat dollars at the Federal level and concerns that LIEE heat could be reduced over time and the impact on our customers. But that's something that we continue to advocate, to look to get our customers that can't afford our product, to get them as much assistance as possible and work with them.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Daniel Eggers from Crédit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Can you give a little more color on what you're seeing, kind of economic recovery- and power demand-wise for the electric utility? I think that kind of numbers were maybe a little bit wider than we would have expected, given some of the trends we've heard elsewhere. Can you just shed some light on what you're seeing?
David Meador: I'll let Peter talk to that, but we are seeing economic recovery in Michigan as things -- we had always said there was going to be a tail on this. Unemployment took a sharp step down and now it's just slightly up, but it's what we expected. And you're seeing a lot of the factories in Michigan come back to life here slowly but, Peter, why don't you give a little bit more commentary on that?
Peter Oleksiak: The best way to look at this is on a year-to-date basis. I know there is some quarterly noise that we're seeing, so year-to-date we're up about 1%. And if you look at our total year forecast, we think that overall it's going to be 1%, maybe 1% to 2%. We are seeing some good recovery in the residential and the commercial segments. I did mention the industrial in my speaking notes. They had a very strong first half of the year. Actually the second quarter last year, they were up close to 30% on a quarter-over-quarter basis, so we did see some of that taper off this first half but we are actually on that segment looking at around flat earnings year-over-year. So overall 1%. Industrial will probably be flat but recovery in the residential, commercial segments.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay and then I guess, Dave, can you talk a little bit more about the kind of the Trading contribution in the quarter. I think last quarter, you guys thought it was going to be not until year end that you saw some of the reversal of positions, but pretty sharp recovery this quarter. Can you just kind of talk about what changed from last quarter to this quarter and maybe what the underlying economic or new business contribution was for the quarter?
David Meador: I'll let Peter speak to that.
Peter Oleksiak: The last quarter, we mentioned that we thought the next 2 quarters would be relatively flat. Fourth quarter we had some positive accounting timing. Two things happened: first is that we did see some positive economic contribution in the quarter from Energy Trading. Actually, if you look at the reconciliation page, it's around $2 million of economic net income. So that actually was a little bit more than we thought and anticipated, and that allowed for the little -- and we did see some of the shift, where we thought we were going to get positive timing in the fourth quarter, some of it came in this quarter as well. But overall, we believe Energy Trading is on track and we're comfortable with the guidance for that segment.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Do we think that it's going to be more ratable over the rest of the year, so that if you try to get to your target, in the third and the fourth quarter would see a pickup? Or is it still going to be more fourth quarter-weighted?
Peter Oleksiak: We're still seeing more fourth quarter. So a lot of this is tied to releasing reserves related to either power or gas delivery, which will happen and start happening in the fourth quarter.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay. And then I guess on the Reduced Emissions Fuel, David, you made comments about the idea that there could be more projects above and beyond what you have and what are under construction. What is going to be -- or how do you guys think about approaching the decision to build more of these facilities? Do you need to have an offtake agreement in place to start construction of another one? And do you need to get through the backlog of what you already have built before you decide to build more?
David Meador: There's a slide in the appendix, which is the slide we've been using for a while, but we had -- just to back up a little bit. This is an additive, it's a pre-combustion process that reduces 20% of NOx and 40% of mercury. And we have 5 machines right now and we have 2 under construction, and it's possible that we could have additional machines. And we would only build additional machines beyond the 7 to the extent that we have a host site and contracts. We're not going to speculate and build machines which -- any additional machine has to be in service by the end of the year. We would only do that if we basically had contracts lined up to be able to do that. And we're working that right now, so it's possible that there could be an additional couple machines beyond the 7 that we're talking about right now.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: And just to refresh me, how much does one of the machines costs, capital-wise?
David Meador: It's $15 million to $20 million. Some of these might have a working capital component that comes with it. And then the 5 original machines, again, that's just -- to back up, as a reminder, those 5 had to be in-service by the end of 2009 and that tax credit runs for 10 years. And now any additional machine that we put in service this year would have a 10-year life on it also. So we're looking right now to get potentially additional machines in place. And by the end of the year, we'll know how many machines we have. And then the next question that you should have is how many tons would you be pushing through these machines. And we will be in a much better position to give you some insight into that, especially when we start talking about our early outlook for 2012. But overall, when we got into this, we gave you a wide range and you can see on Slide 20 in terms of the forward year net income, everything we're doing right now is giving us a real sense of comfort around that base-case line, which up to now, we were tentative. We had to wait and see. It's possible we could go beyond that base case over time. But that would play out over time, predominantly from the relocation of some of the original 5 machines.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: So Dave, just the mix of the baseline is based on the idea that the 7 units that are either in-service or under construction go into service and should we assume you're kind of like a midpoint of between the 1 and 10? So you're seeing like a 5 million-ton run rate through each machine on a utilized basis? Is that the right way to think about where you get to the kind of base case?
David Meador: I think that's fair. I'm not sure I would assume any tonnage right now because as we get the machines in place, there's a wide range of how many tons would go through each machine. And again, I think by the time I get to EEI, I'll know, first of all how many machines I will have, and I'll have a sense of all the host sites and what the range of potential tons are. And we will be in a position then, I think, to give you a little bit more insight into the range of tonnage that will run through these machines for the next 8 to 10 years.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Not to belabor this, just to understand timing, how long does it take you guys to get from a agreement or an order to get something in service, right? So you decide you want -- you have somebody say, "We'll take one of these for a new project." in order to get it in service by the end of the year to qualify for credits, how much time do you guys need?
David Meador: It's about 3 to 4 months.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: 3 to 4 months. So we'll know by -- next month or 2, we'll know what the total number's going to be, effectively?
David Meador: EEI, I think it's going to be -- it's the next time that I think we'll be in a public position where I can talk to you about how many machines there are going to be in total because by then, they're all contracted and in construction. And some of them will actually start to be -- starting to ramp up. And then we can talk to -- the second wave of activity for this business will be activity that will play out next year, which will be focused on potential relocations of some of the original 5 as we really try to optimize this by getting things sited where we can get the most tons through them.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Erika Piserchia from Wunderlich Securities.
Erica Piserchia - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: Most of my questions have actually been asked and answered. Just any update on the appointment of the new Commissioner at the MPSC, or what's kind of the latest with that?
David Meador: They're working on it. The one time comment I would have is that the governor, the new governor in state of Michigan has been focused on other things. As we indicated, they completely restructured business taxes here. They were also working on a budget process that kept them pretty busy through June. And at the same time, one of the things that we've observed of this administration is their knack for selecting talent. So they really, really have been focused on getting the right people in the right jobs. So I think they're working on this right now and we would expect an appointment, hopefully, in August. And I'm not concerned about this at all. We have nothing imminent right now. The Edison rate case doesn't really play out until later in the fall and we look forward to the appointment and the new commissioner and doing what we have always done, which is building a constructive relationship, not only with the new commissioner but continuing that with the current staff and commissioners.
Erica Piserchia - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: So in the interim, the existing commissioner will just continue to serve in that role until a new appointment is made?
David Meador: Right. Commissioner Martinez has been extended until the appointment takes place.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go next to Leslie Rich from J.P. Morgan.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Could you remind me how big the self-implementation was in May?
Peter Oleksiak: [indiscernible] $107 million.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: $107 million?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: And you did talk about the industrial sales and the year-over-year comparison, but I just wondered if you could also talk about Choice -- how the Choice volumes went up and sort of any trends that you're seeing there.
Peter Oleksiak: Well, Choice, we have a 10% cap so we're at the cap. There was a little bit of increase in Choice just from some organic sales growth from those Choice customers. But essentially, year-over-year we're the same.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Steve Fleishman from BoA.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: Two questions. First, does the REF process allow for any reduction in SOx, as well as NOx and mercury?
David Meador: No. No. I mean, there might be some marginals, but it's really it's NOx and mercury.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just on the rate case, could you just update us on kind of key data points from here until October in the process?
David Meador: The PFT data's August 12 and then the MPSC order has to happen by the end of October, the 28th. And what we've seen in the past is the pattern where it's -- usually the rate cases are being finalized several weeks before that, which gives us time to work through the tariffs and also do the programming for billing. So even though the order date has to be the end of October, we're expecting something, hopefully, in mid-October and we'll have to wait and see how that plays out. My other comment I just wanted to make, we've seen this in the last couple of cases where we have several moving pieces. An example would be decoupling and whether the decoupling mechanism changes, how customer Choice and the tracker around that is handled, and other trackers. So when this case comes out, it's very possible on day one, the press release from the MPSC and the economics are slightly different than how it might really play out through our income statement. So as soon as that order comes out, we will get out to you all as soon as possible, to kind of take you through the various pieces because it's a little bit more complex than just a straightforward rate case.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Bassett from Decade Capital.
Chris Bassett - Decade: I wonder if you could just comment on the 60% increase in oil production in the Barnett year-over-year and whether that changes your view of valuation in the shale assets?
David Meador: So we talked before, first of all, in our properties, that we are getting wetter gas than other areas. So we get a lot of natural gas liquids. We are also pursuing basically what is known as the oil play there and we are actually drilling predominantly to focus on wet gas and oil. And we believe, with very high oil prices, that's going to help us in terms of our exit point. But I wouldn't comment or speculate on valuation right now, other than to say this is going to be very helpful to us, as we try to monetize this over time in an environment where you have low gas prices. But right now, what you see basically from producing wells is we get about a $2 in MCF lift out of a combination of NGLs and oil.
Chris Bassett - Decade: And then just one follow-up. We had Suncor go IPO [ph] here in July and it's trading at a valuation of approximately $400 a ton for their coking facilities. Is there a new plan on your end to look at monetization of your facilities given that implies a value per share of those facilities of about $5?
David Meador: No. We don't have any plans. I'm aware of what they're doing and it's interesting to watch this play out in terms of implied value, but we have no plans right now to exit that business.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go next to Phyllis Gray from Dwight Asset Management.
Phyllis Gray - Dwight Asset Management.: Would you please let me know what the status is of efforts to increase the Customer Choice cap?
David Meador: Right now, what we've seen is there is not a lot of appetite to look at this in the current administration or in the legislature. The view is that we're early into the new law right now. Even the Michigan business chambers come out to say we're only a couple years into this and there's really not a lot of energy in terms of exploring this. So we're aware that there are out of state marketers that come in Michigan and propose that the cap should be lifted, but there's not much energy around this issue at all. The Governor and his administration and the legislature are focused on much more important issues as a they try to drive Michigan's economy here back to a healthy state.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mark Sigal from Canaccord Genuity.
Mark Sigal - Canaccord Genuity: Can you provide an update on the Smart Meter project? And what's the appetite for extending this technology to the remainder of the territory and when might you look to have visibility on that decision timing?
David Meador: As you know, we have a pilot program going on right now and the pilot was expanded because of the DOE grant. So we're doing between 600,000 and 800,000 meters. And when we are done with that DOE grant, we're going to stop and take a pause. We're seeing very positive benefits from this in terms of reductions in O&M. But at the end of the day, we need to evaluate just to say if it's the right thing for customers. So sometime next year, we'll take a pause and we'll evaluate the program and announce at a future date whether we would expand beyond the current deployment that we're doing right now.
Mark Sigal - Canaccord Genuity: Okay. And that pause or evaluation timeframe, I would assume, might bring you into the 2013 timeframe when you might revisit the project again?
David Meador: No, sometime in 2012, I think, we'll make a decision as to what we're going to do over the next several years.
Operator: And with no further questions in the queue, I'd like to turn the conference back to your speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
David Meador: I just wanted to thank everybody again for joining us and we appreciate your questions. We look forward to seeing you all at the fall events. Our next public event that we'll be out speaking will be the Barclays Conference in the second week of September. And then. As we've indicated. At the fall EEI is where we'll be giving you some insights into 2012 and then the 2 projects that we talked about, the REF projects and the Bluestone project. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David Meador - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Member of Internal Risk Management Committee Nick Khouri - Vice President, Treasurer and Member of Internal Risk Management Committee Peter Oleksiak - Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President, Controller and Investor Relations Officer
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Mark Barnett - Morningstar Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to this DTE Energy First Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference. Please note that today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn things over to Mr. Dave Meador. Please go ahead, sir.
David Meador: Okay. Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter conference call. Before we get started, I encourage you to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2, including the reference to forward-looking statements. With me this morning are Peter Oleksiak; Nick Khouri and Mark Rolling. I also have members of the leadership team available for Q&A if necessary. Let me start with an overview on Slide 5. We have plans that will provide 5% to 6% earnings growth, and when coupled with our dividend of $2.24 per share, that provides a very attractive total shareholder return of 9% to 10%. This is offset with the key priority of maintaining a strong balance sheet. Our utility growth is driven by federal and state mandates, which even after aggressive cost management and capital efficiency work, will still generate 5% to 6% earnings growth. The utility plans are supported by a constructive regulatory structure and our cost savings are a tool to allow us to earn our authorized returns. We continue to focus on operational excellence and customer satisfaction. And as an example of that, our complaints to the Michigan Public Service Commission are down by another 1/3 this year. And our focus on procurement in Michigan has about 40% of our annual $1.1 billion spend driven to Michigan as we focus on helping drive Michigan's economy forward. We also have meaningful growth opportunities in our Non-Utility businesses.  The AGA Financial Conference is coming up here in May, and Gerry Anderson will be there with updates on the Power & Industrial business, including an update on the REF business line and on our Midstream business. Now turning to Slide 6 is an overview for the quarter. We are a $1.11 per share in an operating earnings and we're right where we want to be in order to deliver our guidance of $3.40 to $3.70 per share. The 2 utilities are at 11% return on equity last year and they remain on track to do the same this year. Yesterday, the Public Service Commission issued an order regarding Detroit Edison's self implementation, which was in line with our expectations and our plans. We had proposed several options to the commission in our original case filing which would get you to the same interim economics of $230 million. The commission shows the option of $107 million in interim rates by not resetting the base rates for choice and the continuation of the choice tracker. And when you put this together, it gets you back to the same outcome of $230 million in economics. This was the result of a collaborative effort with the staff, and we are pleased with the constructive outcome. Both Power & Industrial and Gas Pipelines and Storage are also right on plan for the year. And just to note on the development side, we have entered into a letter of intent with Southwestern Energy to construct a lateral pipe, which we have referred to in our IR materials as our Bluestone Project. Bluestone will be a wholly owned DTE pipeline connecting to both Millennium and to the Tennessee Pipeline and will transport gas from Southwestern's Marcellus Shale acreage. Terms of the -- of this arrangement are being negotiated right now as we work out the definitive agreement, and Gerry Anderson will provide an update on this project at AGA. Peter will take you through the details in a moment on Energy Trading, but Energy Trading's tracking economically to our guidance target. This quarter's accounting earnings reflect timing within the year, and we continue to be comfortable with our total-year guidance for Energy Trading. So overall, we're off to a very good start for the year. Our balance sheet is also right where we want it to be and cash from operations was $700 million. We also have accelerated the timing of some of our Wind Projects with increases in our capital spending of about $300 million for the year. Although this is an increase to our 2011 CapEx guidance that we provided earlier in the year, it is within our renewable energy plan which has been approved by the commission. And Nick will take you through the details of the Wind Projects on the capital side. With that overview, now let me turn it over to Peter, who will take you through the quarter.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks, Dave. Good morning to everyone. I'd like to start with Slide 8 and the first quarter earnings results. For the quarter, DTE's operating earnings was $1.11. I'd like to remind everyone that a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings is contained in the appendix. Detroit Edison contributed $0.57, and MichCon, which typically has a strong first quarter came in at $0.49. The Non-Utility segments combined earned $0.15. The drivers for the Non-Utility first quarter results were Gas Storage and Pipelines at $0.09, Power & Industrial projects at $0.06, Energy Trading at $0.01, Unconventional Gas Production at $0.01 loss. Finally, Corporate & Other had a loss of $0.10 in the quarter.  Let's move to Slide 9 and a summary of the quarter-over-quarter performance by segment. Operating earnings for consolidated DTE Energy are down $41 million for the quarter. Together, our core utilities, Edison and MichCon had $10 million of earnings over the prior year, and I'll be providing additional details on the 2 utility companies later in the presentation. Our Non-Utility segments are down $42 million, primarily driven by our Energy Trading segment down $36 million, which had historically high income in the first quarter last year. I'll provide more color on the Energy Trading performance in a moment. Power & Industrial projects was down $8 million, resulting from non-repeating earnings last year from the steel energy fuel's [ph] tax credit and favorable coal pricing. Gas Storage and Pipelines and Unconventional Gas Production earnings are up slightly from the prior year. Corporate & Other was down $9 million from last year, due to a onetime 2010 tax benefit. Before I move from this page, just a few more words on the Energy Trading's first quarter performance. As you recall, we lowered the income range in our 2011 guidance for the Trading business to a midpoint of $25 million, down by a more historical average of $40 million to $50 million We are on track to achieve this midpoint of guidance for this segment in 2011. The first quarter is off to a strong start for new transactions. On Page 21 of the appendix, we provided our standard page, which shows both economic and accounting performance. On that page, you will see we have $22 million of economic income, which is not recognized yet for accounting purposes. There are numerous transactions we entered into in the first quarter that will not start recognizing income until the physical delivery of the power or gas. An example of this is a coal-requirement [ph] gas transaction where the gas is delivered starting in the fourth quarter. We expect a good portion of the 22 million of tonnage to flow through operating earnings in the fourth quarter of this year. As a result, the next 2 quarters of accounting income could be relatively flat for our Energy Trading business. Now I'd like to go through some quarterly details of the utility companies beginning with Detroit Edison on Slide 10. Operating earnings for Detroit Edison was $97 million, up $6 million from the prior year. Margin for the quarter was up $8 million, driven primarily by energy efficiency incentives recorded in the first quarter of 2011 after receiving a favorable order in our efficiency reconciliation related to achieving prior year incentives. Even though we have revenue decoupling with our electric utility, we still closely monitor underlying electric load. Overall, temperature normal, electric load in the territory was up 1% in the quarter. We continue to see positive signs of economic improvement in Michigan, translating into increased sales. On the expense side, O&M was higher as a result of timing power plant maintenance and one-time benefit savings realized in 2010. In addition, in 2011, we have experience lower interest expense in favorable first quarter of 2011 property tax settlement at Detroit Edison. Moving onto Page 11, a review of MichCon's performance. As mentioned earlier, the first quarter is typically the strongest in the seasonal Gas Utility business. Operating earnings for MichCon was $83 million, up $4 million from the prior year. The primary driver was $16 million of favorable weather impacts as the quarter saw 14% pickup in heating degree days compared to 2010. Margin that other than was down $9 million, primarily driven by the fact that a final rates in the June 2010 order, which carried into the first quarter of 2011 are lower than the south implementation executed in the first quarter of 2010. In addition, maintenance expenses were up slightly this quarter, due to an increase in schedule in main service repairs. That concludes an update on our earnings for the quarter. I'd like to turn discussion over to Nick Khouri, who will cover cash flow and capital expenditures.
Nick Khouri: Thanks, Peter, and good morning, everyone. As always, improved cash flow and balance sheet strength remains a key priority for management and the board of directors. To the first three months of this year, DTE Energy's cash and balance sheet metrics are on track. In fact, nearly equal for the historically strong year we saw in 2010.  Page 13 summarizes our balance sheet metrics. We expect to end this year within our targeted leverage in cash flow ranges. In addition, we have made significant progress towards our 2011 funding requirements. We have completed our pension plan funding earlier this year than in past years, and we do not foresee the need for new equity in 2011. Liquidity remains strong with no expiring credit facilities until 2012. Page 14 provides an overview of DTE's cash flow in the first quarter of this year versus the same period last year. Cash from operations, adjusted for the early pension contribution was about on par with the strong internal cash seen last year. As expected, capital was up a bit compared to last year, which I will detail in just a minute. Total net cash reached approximately a positive $300 million in the first quarter of 2011. As in prior years, net cash is not equal across the four quarters of the year. Both working capital requirements and capital spending is back-loaded towards the end of the year. Page 15 details first quarter capital spending. Year-to-date capital spending is about on par with last year for MichCon and the Non-Utility businesses. Capital is higher in Detroit Edison, reflecting an expected increase in environmental spending and the timing of plant outages. Page 16 shows our revised guidance for 2011 cash and capital. The only change from the original guidance is higher renewable investments at Detroit Edison. As Dave mentioned, we were presented with an opportunity to accelerate the timing of our wind investment in Michigan. Renewable capital in 2011 is now projected at $350 million, up from the original guidance of $50 million. Expense renewable investments at Detroit Edison are funded with the preexisting surcharge, a new capital can be supported without an increase in customer rates while still maintaining our balance sheet targets. In summary, DTE's cash and balance sheet targets are on track with year-to-date actuals nearing the historically strong year we saw in 2010, allowing us to accelerate our investment in the Renewable portfolio of Detroit Edison. Now let me turn it back to Dave to wrap up.
David Meador: Thanks, Nick. Let me wrap up on Slide 18. We're off to a very good start in 2011, as we outlined for you every group that's on plan and we are targeting the midpoint of guidance for the year. As you can see, we're making significant investments in 2011 with our total capital budget now above $1.7 billion. The spending coupled with the stream of investments going forward is the basis for our expected 5% to 6% growth rate on maintaining a strong balance sheet and an attractive dividend. As a reminder, Gerry Anderson's presentation at the AGA Financial Conference is on May 16 at 10:30 in the morning. And thank you, and we will now open up for questions, Lisa.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from Paul Ridzon, KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Could you clarify, you said expected the trading to have 2Q and 3Q results flat. Is that flat with last year or just minimal earnings, is that what you're trying to say?
Peter Oleksiak: It's minimal earnings.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Got it. And then, looks like industrial sales were off in the first quarter, can you give us some flavor as to what driving that?
Peter Oleksiak: We're actually -- for the entire year, we're still expecting them to be up for a few percent so there's some anomalies in the in the first quarter that really doesn't translate to a full year.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: There's some plant shutdowns or maintenance shutdowns or...
Peter Oleksiak: No, some of that just with the billing cycles.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Okay. And then for those of us who aren't going to be at AGA, could you maybe give a little bit more flavor kind of the subject matter that your agent going to talk about on the unregulated side?
David Meador: I could just speak at a high level that. First of all, in our Power & Industrial business, we've outlined our growth projections to go out into 2015 where we're driving to get that business to a net income level of $100 million. The 2 areas of growth, the Renewable business line, which are the small coal plants that we're acquiring and converting to biomass that qualify for renewable energy credits. So we have 5 projects that are either in construction or operating right now, and we'll provide an update there. The other growth opportunities coming out of the Reduced Emission Fuels business line this is, again, where we've licensed technology that when added to coal, it's used in the production of electricity. It reduces NOx by 40% -- excuse me, 20% and mercury by 40%. And we are in the process right now of citing those plants, negotiating with counter parties around tax credits. And again, as this business line ramps up over the next several years, it'll provide substantial earnings for us. It's a business line that qualifies for a tax credit that runs for 10 years. So he'll just provide an update on the insights up there. And then on midstream, we've had tremendous growth over the last 5 years and this year, were over $50 million of net income. We've outlined our aspirations to get that to 2000 -- by 2015 to $70 million of net income, and I think people have been waiting this hear something on the development side, and this Bluestone project now. We've had a significant step forward in terms of reaching a tentative agreement with a counter party that would allow us to build out the lateral pipeline. And this could be a significant investment for the company and it's also the driver that'll help drive net income growth industry to over the next several years.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: You mentioned no equity in '11, when do you foresee a potential need to tap the equity markets?
David Meador: What we've outlined is that, going forward, because of the capital that we're investing for our growth, we would see needs in the $100 million to $200 million range each year. We were able to drive that down this year and we're working hard on next year and the forward years. And one of the offsets to that over the next several years will be monetizing the Barnett properties. So as we kind of refer to that, I think of that as kind of a bank account that over time, as we monetize Barnett, that will reduce the need to issue equity. And we still believe when we issue equity going forward, it wouldn't it be a public issuance that we would be doing this through our drip or small contributions to the pension plan.
Operator: Next up, we'll take a question from Daniel Eggers, Crédit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Can I just on the wind CapEx... [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: We'll go to Steve Fleishman with Bank of America.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: A couple of questions. First, can you just maybe give some color, as you mentioned in the interim order was you're pleased with exactly what you generally expected. But when you read the order, the tone of it is -- from the commission -- I guess a little more very different than what you just said. So could you just kind of clarify maybe the differential there? And should we just kind of ignore that tone?
David Meador: No. I would get, at a high level, first of all, say that not only the law that we have that we're operating in Michigan, but also our relationship and interaction with the commission, and that would be commissioners and staff is very, very constructive and so we have one of the better relationships than we've had since -- I've worked here for 15 years. So we work very collaboratively through these issues. We have some complexities. And as we go through these interim rate increases, one of the complexities is dealing with some of these trackers that are in place, and it could be the choice tracker. It could be the issue of trackers being reset or a trackers that go away and the clarity that you might need during that, as you're going through interim rates. So when we file this case, we have filed the case and provided some options that we believe are viable options that could benefit customers during this time. And one of those options, as an example, was not to reset the choice tracker but basically to continue it. So this ended up with one of the options, and the economics are exactly what we had planned on. And in terms of the tone of what you see in the order right, I would just say that everyone has got different stakeholders that they're writing documents to, and I would not read too much into that. Our relationship is good. It doesn't mean we agree on everything, but I think the fact that we got through this self implementation and then the economics are aligned and we're able to stand by our guidance is a very positive signal.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then one other question just, could you just for a minute go through how the choice tracker works exactly? And there is a mention of kind of a dead band and just how did that dead band work?
Nick Khouri: Yes. Right now rates is roughly 3% choice levels. This is going to be the last rate order choices at 3%. So we do have a dead band of a few hundred gigawatt hours around that choice of 3% that basically we need to eat. Once we tap that dead band were essentially -- they go on 90%. So really the difference right now is that we have the 10% choice versus the 3% that is incremental 7% margin that we're able to book be roughly about 90% of that is a mandatory asset
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: And you get the cash as well?
Nick Khouri: We get the cash in our future proceedings as reconciliations. So it's usually about an 18-month type of cycle time of cash.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. so I guess the one difference is that the cash of getting the interim versus the choice trackers is that the cash would have come quicker. But you have nothing -- okay. Now, yes, I understand the differentials now.
David Meador: And, Steve, that's the example of something that we proposed and we want to be flexible because we can book the regulatory asset, and we can collect the cash a year down the road. And that is an enabler for us to hit our earnings target but it minimizes the immediate impact on customers as that won't be reset in the base rates until a future date.
Operator: Our next question will go back to Daniel Eggers.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: I'll just ask you this question real quick. If you think about kind of the deferral on the Detroit's revenues plus the other deferral that had been proposed, in this case kind of things you guys put off from this filing, how much revenue increased or rate increases in the pipe from a cash perspective if you look at past this rate case to the next rate case before incremental capital for rate case growth?
David Meador: When we project, going forward, so we -- when we do our pioneer modeling right now, we view rate increases as one of the constraints that we're trying to manage to. So when we go out over 5 years, our rate increase, for example, the residential customers on average is under 5%. What's playing out this year is actually pretty low. It's just over 2%. And really the way to think about it is this choice reset could play out next year, but we've also not made any decision yet on when we'll file our next case at Edison. We're trying to manage our costs in a way to stay out of rate cases as long as possible because that's the right thing for customers. So you get a bad choice tracker reset independent of a rate case and the reconciliation and then we can file subsequent rate case at a later date. And again, we've not made any decision on rate cases in 2012. It's too early right now.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay, got it. Thank you. And then I guess, just on the increase in win CapEx for this year, why is that not translating into more earnings out of Edison for this year? Is that a timing issue that will have more of an impact for next year?
Nick Khouri: That is correct. Most of that is going to be at the back half of the year. And we really start seeing some ramp up of spend in the second quarter. Primarily it's the second half of the year. So we'll get a full-year impact next year. There will be some -- relative to where we started the year, there is probably some data that it gets within its guidance range, is that correct?
Peter Oleksiak: That's correct. Yes, there's some modest income but so does the guidance.
David Meador: Just low single-digits, millions of dollars and it was already in contemplated in guidance.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay. And so for next year, in averting that, supporting that 5% growth rate, is there a meaningful impact of the timing of it coming in late this year. What was it expected to come in early, '12 so it's kind of a wash?
David Meador: It's pretty much a wash for the '12.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay. And then I guess on the economic earnings issue on trading, the money that's in the pipe, how -- is that firmly locked as margin today where it's just a time issue? Or is there still an position where that number can move around even with the contracts in place?
Peter Oleksiak: That really is accounting reserves. So these reserves as you put on our balance sheet release when the actually the physical delivery occurs. It is basically kind of programmed in with those forward partners' service with contracts.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: So both sides just reclaim as both sides are locked so that the sale is done and the purchase is done. So it's really just a delivery issue?
David Meador: Yes.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. For the most part, yes.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: All right. And I guess one last question. On the mercury technology and mercury removals technology in P&I, when you guys look at the new oxides rule, the DPA called that the draft rule [ph], what sort of performance or what grouping of equipment or other inputs would you need to use your equipment plus other things to get to the kind of this 91% removal rate? Is there a -- is this a technology that bridges the gap that use a couple other lower-cost options?
David Meador: Well, it doesn't necessarily bridge the gap, but I'd say it would be an enabler to get to the 90%. The 90%, we are also working in MichCon because MichCon has a 90% standard that we have to hit by 2015. So we're on track on that anyways, but what we're -- we and others are learning is consistently hitting 90% is difficult even with other technologies. So when this is supplemented with other technology, it's an enabler to consistently hit 90% or slightly above 90%, which is in the proposed new rule.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: So really the way we should think about this technology is you're able to offer it to help people understand -- make sure that with traditional controls, they will always hit their numbers. So it kind of is as a standalone piece of equipment, it's not of great value against the toxics rule, but it's a good supplement to make sure your performance is at a fair interpretation.
David Meador: Yes, but I'd say it adds value too. So on the whole combustion process, this is first in line so this takes out the NOx and mercury up front, and then the other equipment is downstream. And it Just gives you a more protectable outcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Up next is Mark Barnett, MorningStar.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar: Most of my of questions have been pretty thoroughly answered already, but just a couple of questions on the Barnett, I guess. See you'd acquired some acreage it looks like in the quarter and I'm just wondering now what the mix of sort of the oil, liquids versus gas looks like?
David Meador: Part of what you're seeing there is that we were reshaping our acreage really around the NGLs, and now what is being discovered is the oil play there. So we actually shut some acreage that we felt were less attractive, and now we're, I think, roughly over 85,000 acres. we're getting a $2 to $3 lift per Mcf because of NGLs and oil. And this is part of our strategy as we exit here to really optimize by proving up in what was now known as kind of the wet side of the gas play. So we're drilling specifically to prove up that pieces, and then it'll provide us an exit ramp that'll provide what we're describing here which is a significant improvement in dollars per Mcf produced.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar: Yes, it looks like things are moving in a positive direction. Have you had any increased interest in that acreage, I mean, given where oil prices have been?
David Meador: Yes, but I would describe it as a proved and unproved acreage in the mix. And so there's some producing properties that there's more interest in, there's also some transactions that we expect to happen in the region really around this whole oil play thesis. And it's something that we continue to monitor. And in the meantime, we're investing modest amounts of capital, but it's really being focused on this area of oil and NGLs.
Operator: Next we'll take a question from Ashar Khan, Visium Asset Management.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Most of my questions have been answered, but have you changed your cash flow forecast, Dave, after this interim order? Or I didn't see any meaningful cash flow forecast change or was there?
David Meador: No. There's no cash flow change out of this. I think as we went into this, as we described in our original filing, we proposed some options and we anticipated that this choice tracker would be continued and that was embedded in our original cash forecast.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take a follow-up from Paul Ridzon, KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Can you just kind of give your position on the half [ph] rule that came out, and kind of where you are on the spectrum of views of how achievable this is?
David Meador: Just on what's happening with the EPA that we believe the proposed rules are consistent with our expectation. But as you know, we and others have taken a position on and so we think the timing is unrealistic and it's very aggressive. Tony Earley [Anthony F. Earley] testified on April 15 before the U.S. House Committee on Energy and Commerce, and his testimony is on our website. We encourage you to go out and look at it, but we anticipated a lot of where this is going right now, but I also thought that it's appropriate to remind folks that we might sell reserved margins that are currently at 24% versus the required 12%. We also were on a path already to pursue 90% mercury reduction in MichCon. So what we have outlined for you is that we are going to continue to build our scrubbers and SCR at Monroe. And down the road, we anticipate putting additional environmental controls in some of the other larger, newer units, but there will be smaller and older coal plants that will be closed. And someday, somewhere, we'll be adding a new generation that would be likely to be gas generation. So I think what you're hearing from the industry and from us also is that we think the timetables are way too aggressive. And if not changed, we'll have impact not only on customer rates but could impact local communities with jobs and property taxes, and we'll continue to advocate to get to slow down a little bit.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions. I'll turn things back over to Mr. Meador for any additional or closing remarks.
David Meador: Well, thanks, Lisa, and thanks again everybody for joining us this morning, and we look forward to seeing you at AGA. And again, Gerry Anderson is talking on May 16 at 10:30. Take care and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. We'd like to thank you all for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-09 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Gerald Anderson – President, Chief Executive Officer David Meador – Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Peter Oleksiak - Controller
Analysts: Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets Steve Fleishman – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Mark Siegel – Canaccord Genuity Mark Barnett – Morningstar Danielle Seitz – Dudack Research Leon Dubov – Catapult Capital Management Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management
Operator: Good day and welcome to the DTE Energy Year-End 2010 Earnings Release conference call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dave Meador. Please go ahead, sir.
David Meador: Thank you and good morning to everybody, and welcome to our year-end conference call. Before we get started, I’d like to refer you to our Safe Harbor statement, which is on Page 2, including the reference to forward-looking statements. With me this morning are Gerry Anderson, Peter Oleksiak, Nick Khouri, and Mark Rolling, and we also have other members of the management team that we can call on during the Q&A session if needed. And with that brief introduction, let me turn it over to Gerry.
Gerald Anderson: Thanks Dave. Good morning everyone. Thanks for being with us this morning. I’m going to cover two topics today. First I want to quickly review 2010 and some of our accomplishments last year, and then I’m going to move on to a look forward to 2011 and a few years beyond 2011. And that second topic, I think is especially important because as you’ll see later, 2011 for us is a bridge year between what’s been a period of very healthy earnings growth over the last three years and a period in 2012 and beyond that we’re confident we’ll resume that pattern of earnings growth. So more on that in a few minutes. But moving on to Slide 5, we look back on 2010 as a really successful year for DTE Energy. On the earnings front, our EPS grew 9% year-over-year last year, and in fact grew at a 9% compound rate for the last three years. In addition, last year we had essentially 11% ROE at both of our utilities, so we earned or authorized, and also had solid earnings in our non-utility businesses where a strong year in our power and industrial business covered off for a weaker year in our energy trading business. On a cash flow front, our metrics remain strong. We were upgraded by S&P late in the year, which was something we’ve been working hard at for several years so that was gratifying. We also increased our dividend 6%. We also kept an intense focus, as we have for the past five years, on continuous improvement; and we continue to reap dividends from this effort within the Company. So as I’ll talk in a few minutes, our absolute O&M is down over the past five years, and we continue to work hard on our costs. But increasingly we’re turning this continuous improvement toward the customer front. You can see that our complaints, for example, at the Public Service Commission are down 50% over the past five years. And as I’ll talk further in a little bit, we undertook a big step last year, essentially calling back every customer that we have an interaction with, using that to log defects where we’ve got things that we need to fix, and then we’re going after that with our CI. We also undertook a lot of work on our growth agenda this past year. We announced our first major renewable energy project, a major wind project that I’ll talk about a little later. We began construction on a second scrubber at Monroe, and as you’ll see later, we’ve got a substantial investment program over the next three years in emission controls; and we launched several new projects in our power and industrial business, particularly the reduced emissions fuel business line, which is a significant new business line that I’ll lay out some facts on here in a few minutes, as well as our waste wood renewables business line. Moving on to Slide 6, talking a little bit more about continuous improvement. I mentioned that this continues to be an important focus for us at the Company. You can see from the graphic on the cost front that our CI initiatives have more than offset structural cost pressures over the last five years; so absolute utility O&M is down over $100 million despite upward pressure in pension, healthcare, environmental additions at our power plants, general inflation, and so forth. And our work here is to keep driving each area of the Company to top quartile operating performance, and as we achieve that, push beyond that. In addition to the cost savings we’re, as I said a minute ago, really focusing this CI effort more and more on the customer front – outage frequency, improved fieldwork, options for low income customers, and so forth. The reason for all of this is our belief that the companies that do the best during significant investment cycles, and we are in one of those, the companies that do best are those that aggressively manage affordability and maintain constructive regulatory relationships. And our belief is the best way to accomplish those two things is continuous improvement focused on costs and customer service. Put differently, to get constructive regulation, you need to deserve it; you need to earn it. And that’s especially true when heavy investment is putting pressure on rates. And our job is to use this continuous improvement process to offset those rate pressures, manage affordability, and improve service quality. And if we do that, well, we believe the odds of constructive regulation and fair treatment are much higher. Speaking of constructive regulation, on Slide 7 one of the things that’s certainly changed for the better in Michigan in recent years is our regulatory structure and our regulatory processes. You can see on Slide 6 some of the highlights and important regulatory developments for our utilities this past year, starting with the final order we received at Detroit Edison early in the year, which we characterized and continued to understand as we went through the year as a constructive order. We held off, as you can see further right on this slide – we held off on filing a new rate case at Detroit Edison as long as we could but did eventually file in October. And I think if you’ve taken a look at that filing, you’ll also see that we took some very creative steps within it to manage affordability in the amount that we’d need to increase rates for customers. That case we would expect to self-implement under in April, and the case will go final in October. On the MichCon front we received a final order, as you can see in the middle of the slide, in June. We did file a rate case pretty quickly on the heels of that, but as the year went on and we continued to work on our costs and watched the behavior of things within the Company, we eventually determined that we could forego the case; and we did that, withdrawing the case in December, concluding that that was the right thing to do from a customer affordability perspective. Moving on to Slide 8, another thing that’s changed for the better in Michigan over the past year is the economy; and you can see on the left-hand side of the slide what’s happening on the industrial front. The strong performance of the auto companies has been getting a lot of attention nationally, but the industrial turnaround that we’re seeing has been pretty broad. As you can see, we were up 21% this past year which led to an overall growth in territory sales of 3%. That turnaround is translating into the employment of folks here in Michigan as well. You can see that the unemployment rate, which peaked at about 14.5%, was down to 11.7% by the end of the year, so that’s a positive development. Another indicator of health in the economy is our arrears, and you can see that we took a big step down in arrears this past year. Our uncollectable expense that’s associated with that was down sharply last year as well. So I think a range of indicators that suggests that we have worked our way through the events of the recession and we’ve got a nice recovery in the underlying economy here in Michigan. On to Slide 9, I’m now going to turn from a look back on 2010 to a look forward to this year and the next few years. And I mentioned earlier that the past three years have been a period of very healthy earnings growth for DTE. Earnings per share have grown 9% annually between 2007 and 2010. Our EPS guidance for this year, 2011, is roughly flat to 2010 levels. It’s actually down a bit at the midpoint of our guidance, as you can see from Slide 10. And at DTE, we are talking very explicitly with our employees about 2011 being a bridge year – a bridge between that period of healthy earnings growth from 2007 to 2010, and a period in 2012 and beyond that I’m confident is going to resume that pattern of healthy earnings growth. Five to 6% a year is what we’ve been saying for a long time as our target, and that’s what we foresee. So one question might be why are we so confident that 2011 is this bridge and we’re going to see that resumption of earnings growth next year and beyond? That’s one of the things we want to help you understand this morning, and I think to do that you need to both look back and look forward. You need to look back to understand the dynamics that are shaping our earnings this year in 2011, and look forward at the investments that we’re making this year and that we have underway that will play out over the next few years and beyond that will shape earnings in the future. So what I want to do is take that look back and look forward, and I’ll do that with our utilities and then turn to our non-utility businesses. On Slide 11, I lay this out for Detroit Edison and MichCon. From 2007 to 2010 in those two businesses, we saw combined utility earnings growth of 9%. We also used continuous improvement to bring the ROEs in those two businesses to their allowed levels; but during that period, of course, the economic crisis hit and we pulled back investment pretty sharply, like a lot of people did, because of the capital market uncertainty and to manage customer affordability. And the result of that pullback is playing out this year. So if you look in the middle of this slide, you’ll see that our combined utilities earnings growth is projected at about 3% in 2011. That’s less certainly than we’ve seen in recent years and less than our long-term goal of 5 to 6%, but it’s really a result of a lag impact from our reduction in investment in the heart of the crisis. But as you’ll also see in a few minutes, this is the year – 2011 – where we resume strong investments in the utilities, especially in renewable power and emission controls within Detroit Edison. And the result of that, on the right-hand portion of Slide 11, is that we do expect to see a resumption of 5 to 6% annual growth in our utilities in 2012 and beyond. And in addition in that period, the renewable investments that we’re beginning to ramp back up and the environmental investments will be actually even heavier next year and the few years beyond that. So this is—what I just described is, I think, even clearer on Slide 12, where you can see our capital spending pattern. We had been planning for a period of quite heavy investment in 2009 and ’10 when the crisis hit. You can see how we pulled back, especially sharply in 2009, and we really only stepped up capital a bit this past year. This is what temporarily slowed the growth in our rate base and what’s playing through the lag in 2011. If you look at this year and the next two years, though, you can see in the light blue bars and the green bars that our emission control investments and renewable investments are going to step up materially. Total capital expenditures will be a 1 billion to 1.2 billion in 2011, and as you can see, 2.4 to 2.8 billion over the two-year period of 2012 and ’13. You also see on the dotted green box on 2011 with a grey arrow—I’ll tell you a little bit more about that in a minute, but there is a renewable energy project, a wind farm that we’re pursuing with a partner, and the arrangement we have with the partner is that they’re going to construct the project and then we’re going to buy in as that construction plays out. We’re going to finish up the construction this year, so we may buy in our roughly $200 million portion of the project late this year or at the very beginning next year. So that $200 million could swing in either late 2011 or early 2012. You can also see that, in the light blue here, the emission control expenditures ramp back up substantially as we prepare for requirements that are targeted to 2015. So this step-up in capital spending at Detroit Edison is further laid out on Slide 13. The biggest piece of that investment is in our base infrastructure where we see 700 to $800 million per year – 2.1 to 2.3 billion over the three-year period. But the real growth in our earnings power and rate base is coming from the right two columns. Our environmental compliance expenditures – 800 to $900 million over the three-year period is really targeted at finishing two scrubbers and coming close to finishing one additional SCR at our Monroe power plant. In addition to that, we see 500 to $600 million of renewable energy expenditures. The State for us has a requirement of 300 megawatts in place by 2013, so within the next three years; and we have the right under law to own half of that, so our projected expenditures to make that play out are 500 to 600 million over the next three years. And the details of that renewable expenditure are laid out on Slide 14. The first thing I’d focus you on is the red star there in the middle of the state. That’s the project that I mentioned just a minute ago that we’re pursuing jointly with Invenergy. It’s a 200 megawatt wind farm. We are going to own 90 megawatts of that installation, about a $200 million capital investment. And as I said a minute ago, the way this is playing out is that Invenergy is going to front the investment and then we will buy in for our piece as the project gets close to ready to go commercial. So you can see the impact of that, then, at the bottom left of the slide that we get a substantial step-up in our earnings from renewable energy and energy optimization as we go from 2011 to 2012. And this is certainly one of the things that is driving a return to earnings growth at a higher level at Detroit Edison in 2012. Then if you look down the road, as I mentioned, we need to add to that project between 2012 and 2013. We’d expect to do that using the 78,000 acres of easements that we have under contract in Huron County. That’s designated there by the purple star. We’re working on those and we’d expect those investments on the heels of this Invenergy investment to take earnings in this business line to about 50 million by 2015, and as you can see, we’ll have a significant portion of that in place by the middle of this period, 2013. MichCon, moving on to Slide 15, we’ll also be investing substantial capital over the next three years – about 500 to 600 million over that period, or about 175 to 200 million a year. MichCon’s investment agenda is laid out on Slide 15. The most significant element of MichCon’s investments are in the gas distribution network, and in particular we have been working with the Michigan Public Service Commission on a multi-year main renewal and meter move-out program that steps up the capital that we will be committing to our distribution infrastructure. In addition to that, we continue to find opportunities within our utility storage and transportation asset base to expand storage. Generally we find our customers who want us to expand that storage, we contract with those customers and then often have pipeline investments that are needed to take that storage to market. That’s been an area of investment in recent years and we think that will continue here over the next few years. So in summary for Detroit Edison and MichCon, we’re coming off a three-year period in 2009 and ’10 where we reduced capital expenditures in the wake of the economic crisis, but our capital expenditures on renewables, emission controls, gas main renewals and meter move-outs are going to drive our rate base investment up pretty sharply over the next three years. Our average capital spending in our utilities over the next three years will be about a third higher than it was last year, for example; and it’s this investment that will enable us to bridge from about 3% utility earnings growth this year to a higher rate of 5 to 6% next year and beyond. Slide 16 takes a similar multi-year look back and look forward for our non-utility businesses. From 2007 to 2010, our two principle non-utility businesses – gas storage and pipelines, and power industrial – both grew at a healthy rate, 20% compound annual growth for those businesses over the three-year period. Energy trading averaged earnings of about 45 million, although as you know, our last year of that three-year period was a low year for us. The other significant event during those three years was a $1.5 billion monetization of our unconventional gas assets. 2011 for these businesses is a bridge year too. Our P&I earnings are going to be lower than last year. P&I earnings were very high last year but we had some items, as I’ll describe in a minute, that aren’t going to recur this year. But we are scaling up at power and industrial through investments in reduced emission fuels and our renewables, and we do continue to identify investment opportunities in our gas storage and pipelines business and we are making progress on those. In addition, we’re working to rebound from reduced earnings levels in energy trading the last few months, as Dave Meador will describe, have been promising on that front. And we do continue to work this year to position for the monetization of our unconventional gas assets. So if I look forward to the next few years on the non-utility front, we see reduced emission fuels and renewable investments providing very substantial growth within our power and industrial segment. We have investments that will produce earnings growth at gas storage and pipelines, and we think our energy trading will return to more normal historical levels. That will combine with a move to monetize unconventional gas assets which we’ll use to fund growth, and this set of dynamics will also contribute to the 5 to 6% growth that we’re describing in 2012 and beyond. Now one of the key elements of what I just described is the projected growth in our power and industrial business, and that is laid out on Slide 17. First on the left-hand side of the slide, and actually we first laid this out this past fall at EEI, we saw a big step up this past year in earnings – earnings between ‘09 and ‘10 more than doubled. But some of the items were non-recurring, so for example we saw high coke prices and we had some capacity open, and that played to our favor. That’s not going to recur next year. We also had the steel industry fuel tax credit. We actually did think that was going to recur right to the very end of the tax bill this past year, but it did get pulled, to our surprise and to the steel industry’s surprise. So those dynamics are producing a step down in earnings at P&I this year. But as you can see from the light blue and dark blue bars here, we have two segments in this business that we expect to grow materially over the next number of years. One of those, in the light blue, is the reduced emission fuel segment; and just as a reminder, this is—these are projects where we have a technology that can be used at coal plants to reduce mercury and NOX emissions, that also benefit from a federal tax credit. We are making progress on developing this set of projects. We completed the sale of an interest in one of these projects and have it up and running. That was completed in January. And we are in negotiations with a number of other potential counterparties who run power plants a lot like Detroit Edison does and face the same emission control requirements that we do, and our goal this year is to get several facilities with those counterparties cited and up and running so that we see the substantial step-up in earnings from this segment that’s indicated here in 2012. And a little bit longer term, we’d expect to have our facilities pretty much fully pledged by 2013, and that 40 to $50 million largely in place by then. On the renewable energy front, this past year we made significant progress in this arena. We purchased a majority ownership of a 44 megawatt plant in California late in the year. We’ll bring that online late this year. We also came to an agreement on a 45 megawatt facility in California that we now have in the conversion process that we’ll bring online early in 2013. Those two projects brought the total that we have in this segment of waste wood projects from small coal plants—brought the total to five, and so we’re going to see growth just from that base of five projects that we’ve brought online or are bringing online. But we’d expect to continue to find and invest in additional projects here. So the so-what of all this is that we expect the P&I segment to be one of our significant growth areas over the next three years and contribute to the 5 to 6% that I described earlier. We also see opportunities in our gas storage and pipeline business, and that’s laid out on Slide 18. Our strongest opportunities in this segment center on the Millennium pipeline, which is shown there in dark blue. It runs from upstate New York into the New York City area. It also, as you can see, runs through the Marcellus Shale, and most of our development opportunities for that pipe center on gas that’s emerging from the Marcellus Shale. And those opportunities come in the form of main line pipe expansions as well as laterals off of the pipeline, and eventually connectors between Millennium and other pipelines. We are making progress on this front as well. In fact, I think the discussions went from pretty introductory and new early last year to discussions that are getting quite promising and serious early this year. So I think the so-what here is that over the next three years, we see this as the period that this gas storage and pipeline business, which grew a lot over the past five years, we’ll make the investments that will fuel its next significant step up in growth. In summary for the Company, then, on Slide 19 our investments on the top left are going to be up materially over the next three years. On average, if you compare the last three years to the next three years, we’re up on the order of 25% and that’s tied to our investments in Detroit Edison renewable assets, our environmental investments principally at the Monroe power plant, and the non-utility investments in P&I and our gas storage and pipeline that I’ve just mentioned. I would also say that the utility investments we’re taking with a strong eye on managing customer affordability, as I mentioned at the very outset of this discussion. But if you look at what that implies in terms of an investment base and earnings for the next few years, our earnings this year, we’ve given guidance of 340 to 370. Within that, we do see utility earnings growth of about 3%; but as you can see, we expect earnings at both the utilities and our non-utility businesses to pick up in 2012 and ’13, and we’re projecting the 5 to 6% longer term growth there that we’ve talked about for some time. So with that, I’m going to turn things over to Dave Meador to take a little bit closer look at 2010 and our 2011 guidance. Dave, over to you.
David Meador: Thanks Gerry, and good morning again to everybody. I’m going to start on Slide 21. For the year, our operating earnings are 607 million or $3.60 per share, which is at the midpoint of our guidance. And as a reminder, there’s a reconciliation to our GAAP reported earnings in the appendix, as well as there is other information in the appendix that I hope you’ll find helpful. The $3.60 per share is a nickel higher than the midpoint of our original guidance for the year at $3.55, and is $0.30 or 9% higher than our 2009 operating earnings. Detroit Edison contributed $2.60 per share, and MichCon came in at $0.63. Both utilities did a great job, and as Gerry mentioned there, their authorized returns in 2010. We are seeing improvements in the local economy that we also aligned on the load chart with Detroit Edison’s temperature normal electric load up 3%, and that was driven predominantly by the industrial sector which was up 21%. The non-utility businesses combined to earn $0.78 with power and industrial projects earning 85 million or $0.50 per share with a very strong year-over-year performance. And as we indicated, this won’t be repeated in 2011. Gas storage and pipelines came in at 4% higher than 2009 at 51 million or $0.30 per share, and energy trading had earnings of $0.04 and unconventional gas production had a $0.06 loss. Finally, corporate and other had a loss of $0.41 for the year, and overall 2010 was a very good year for us. The performance came in very strong with the bulk of the earnings coming from the two utilities, which have returned to their full earnings power. As Gerry outlined, the power and industrial business had a very strong performance, almost offsetting the shortfall at energy trading. Now shifting to 2011 and our outlook for the year on Slide 22, we outline our 2011 earnings guidance for each of the segments. As I just said, both of our utilities earned their authorized return on equity in 2010 and we expect to do the same this year in 2011. We have a rate case at Detroit Edison which will be finalized by the fourth quarter, and we are doing everything we believe is necessary to ensure a constructive order from the Commission, and I’ll talk a little bit more about that case in a moment. At MichCon, we plan to return to a normal weather year after a warmer than normal year in 2010 and lower midstream revenues. Also at the utilities, we will use our continuous improvement capabilities to partially offset O&M expense. Earnings at gas storage and pipelines will be up another 4% in 2011 as we continue to identify long-term expansion and development opportunities around the Millennium pipeline. In 2010, we impaired some non-strategic leases at our unconventional production business, and that won’t recur in 2011. Also we’re seeing more oil and natural gas liquids production in our Barnett Shale properties, which is driving higher earnings in 2011. We’ve included in the appendix some key operating metrics for the business as well as a schedule which summarizes the valuation for the Barnett assets. A couple points I want to point out here – given the nature of our properties, we get a 50 to 60% lift in revenue from natural gas liquids, and we are also pursuing some wells that add oil to our performance. Currently the value derived from 1mcf of gas is about $6.40, which is a nice premium over dry gas prices. Once a year, we update the reserve analysis for this business and we provide the valuation range, which is on Slide 35. Even if you use the conservative low end of the valuation, our current reserves are worth at least 400 million or $2.35 per share; and then the midpoint for that range obviously is much higher. Our plan is to still develop the properties for monetization with a focus on natural gas liquids and oil, and at the same time we’re going to eliminate the drag on earnings this year. The power and industrial team is coming off a very strong year that we just talked about for 2010, which included some opportunities which won’t recur going forward such as the steel industry fuels tax credit and premium earnings on coke sales. As Gerry explained, the story with the P&I group is the potential earnings opportunity from the REF business line and the coal to waste wood conversions. We’ll start to see some earnings from these businesses in 2011 but we really start to scale up those lines in 2012 and forward. 2010, as you know, was a challenging year for our energy trading business. After a strong first quarter, we saw the markets flatten out in the second half of the year with lower volatility and lower commodity prices. In the third quarter, the business struggled to find the market opportunities to generate sufficient gross margin; however, that began to change noticeably in November and December. In January and so far in February this year, we have found trading opportunities returning in areas like power trading and full requirements contract with gross margins in those months similar to prior years. In fact, in January we earned about 20% of the economic gross margin that we assume in our full-year guidance. While we don’t see this business getting back to historical levels of 40 to $50 million of operating income this year, we do expect it to make a significant step in that direction and we set the midpoint of guidance at 25 million. Finally, we’re expecting corporate and other to have improved results in 2011 primarily due to lower interest rate expense. So in total, we project DTE Energy to have operating earnings of 576 to 631 million, or $3.40 to $3.70 per share. On Slide 23, we have an overview of the Detroit Edison rate case. We filed the case at the end of October with a total revenue requirement of 443 million. As an example of how we are focusing on customer affordability in this rate filing, we proposed some potential alternatives which could reduce the net rate request by nearly 200 million for a net rate request of $253 million. We’re looking forward to working collaboratively with the Commission on this rate case over the next coming months. Staff testimony is due at the beginning of April, and we plan to self-implement a rate increase in April while we’ll receive the final order in this case no later than the end of October. Now turning to cash flows on Slide 24, in 2009 we had one of the strongest cash years in our history with cash from operations of $1.8 billion, and I’m pleased to report that we achieved the same level of cash from operations in 2010. We’re looking at 2011 with expected even stronger cash results of 1.9 billion in cash from operations. If you looked at total cash after capital and dividend and asset sales for 2009 and 2010 combined, we generated $850 million in total cash flow over two years. As Gerry explained earlier, after slowing CAPEX during the recession, we plan to ramp it back up in 2011. We’ve said in the past we expect to issue between 100 and 200 million of new equity to fund our growth over the next several years. However, as a result of strong cash flows in 2010 and anticipated benefits from bonus depreciation of around 100 to $200 million between 2011 and 2012, we’re not expecting to issue any new equity this year and we’re working on reducing our equity needs for 2012. On Slide 25, we’ve provided a breakdown for our 2011 capital plan. If you look at our capital for the utilities, going back it was 960 million in 2009. It was 1 billion in 2010, and we will be spending about 1.2 billion in 2011 which is nearly a 25% increase over 2009 levels. At Detroit Edison, as we outlined, we’re in the process of scrubbing the two remaining units at Monroe and we expect to have a sharp step-up in our environmental capital for the year. As we outlined, in 2010 we began construction on a 200 megawatt wind farm, and we’ll take ownership for 90 megawatts of that generation late this year or early next year, which will be about a $200 million investment for Detroit Edison. At MichCon, we’re planning on increasing our capital spending by over 20% in 2011, and this is driven primarily by our pipeline integrity and meter relocation work. Then at the non-utility businesses, we’re targeting capital investments of 200 to $300 million. Slide 26 summarizes our balance sheet metrics. We ended the year with our targeted leverage range and we expect to be within that range for 2011. As a result of one-time deferred tax items in 2010, we realized FFO to debt of 28%, which is well above our targeted range. We expect that to return to targeted levels in 2011. And as a result of our strong balance sheet and cash flows we secured a credit upgrade from S&P at DTE Energy and at both of the utilities in December of last year. Also, Fitch revised Detroit Edison’s rating outlook to positive last month. In both cases, the agencies noted the economic conditions are improving in Michigan and a very positive regulatory environment that we have here. Let me wrap up on Slide 27. As we’ve outlined for you, we have a plan that we’re confident in that will provide 5 to 6% long-term operating growth and at the same time provide an attractive dividend which combined provide a very attractive total shareholder return, and at the same time, doing all of that while maintaining a very strong balance sheet. As Gerry laid out, our utility growth plan is primarily driven by mandated investments and all of this is set in a very constructive regulatory structure that we understand that we understand we have to continue to earn every day by doing things by driving cost savings which will enable our utilities to earn their authorized return, and continuing to focus on our operational excellence, including customer satisfaction, which we believe over time will create a distinctive capability in this Company compared to others in the industry with a real focus on affordability. To compliment the utilities, we have meaningful low risk growth opportunities in our non-utility businesses that will continue to provide diversity both in earnings and in geographic reach. With that, that wraps up our presentation and we’d be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. The question and answer session will be conducted electronically. If you would like to ask a question, you may do so by pressing the star key followed by the digit one on your telephone keypad at this time. If you’re using a speaker phone, please make sure your mute function is turned off to allow your signal to reach our equipment. We’ll take in the order that you signal us and take as many questions as time permits. Once again, you may press star, one to ask a question. Our first question comes from Paul Ridzon with Keybanc.
David Meador: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets: Good morning. How are you, Dave?
David Meador: Great.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets: Can you give a little more timing on the monetization of the unconventional and what that could imply as far as your ongoing equity needs?
David Meador: I’ll start and then I’m sure Gerry will join me. If you remember back all the way to our analyst meeting a year and a half ago, we said to fund our growth we would need a certain amount of capital and/or—or excuse me, to support our capital growth, we’d need to issue equity and/or asset sales. And subsequently we translated that into about 100 to $200 million of equity per year. Through our strong cash flows, as we indicated, there will be no equity this year, and we’re going to drive that down next year. One of the levers that we have here going forward is monetization of the remaining properties in the Barnett Shale, so we’re currently—as we indicated, we’re proving up the properties with a real focus on what I would describe as the wet nature of the gas, which is giving us an uplift in our prices, and we’re currently evaluating when we would start monetizing either small parcels of property or larger parcels over the next several years.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets: So the 100 to 200 is kind of what you need, but that could be tapped down a little bit by selling some Barnett?
David Meador: Yes.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets: And then I think you said 100 to 200 of Barnett’s depreciation benefit, how much of that is at the regulated utility, and what’s the impact on rate base? And is that baked into your 5 to 6% growth?
David Meador: First of all, it is baked into our 5 to 6% growth, and I don’t have the break-out on utility/non-utility. We have been taking some of the 50% depreciation across the Company, and some of this does apply to our non-utility businesses; so for example, you’ve heard us talk about our Mount Poso project, which is one of our renewable energy projects that qualifies for 100% bonus depreciation. So some of this is in our non-utility businesses but we see the bonus depreciation modest enough that that modest amount in combination with our increased capital spending will not impact the growth rate at the utilities.
Paul Ridzon –Keybanc Capital Markets: Could we just ballpark by saying looking at your non-utility CAPEX, your utility CAPEX, and take it in roughly the same proportion?
David Meador: Yeah, I think roughly that’s a good ballpark number.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets: And then anything happening on the political front with the new governor in place?
Gerald Anderson: This is Gerry, Paul. I guess I’d just say that the new governor has got, like most new governors do, a whole slate of challenges out in front of him, principally focused on state budget and reform of the cost structure of the State. We know him very well. I know him well personally, and he’s a good guy, straightforward, ethical guy. But I think his focus is going to be squarely on that. Energy really hasn’t risen on the agenda of the new administration because they’ve got so much on their plate on other fronts, and I think that’s likely to remain that way. Does that answer your question?
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets: Yes, it does. Just as a follow-up, are the choice advocates getting any traction at all?
Gerald Anderson: No. I think you could probably look at some things that have come out in state political regulatory rags here in the State over the past few days, that there’s been some commentary on that. We also know the leadership of the House and the Senate and the energy committees in both quite well. We know what their priorities are, and I think you’ll say—they’ve said themselves, and I think if you talk to them, they’d say this isn’t one of their priorities for the energy agenda.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets: And on the list of things that kind of worry you, Gerry, how much is ROE deterioration, or how does that stack on the list?
Gerald Anderson: You know, I think our philosophy on the utility front is you’ve got to give to receive, and you’ve got to earn the quality of your regulation. And so the posture we’ve been striking with our regulators is that we’re going to work our tails off to manage customer affordability, and I think you see that, for example, in our Detroit Edison rate filing. We worked hundreds of millions of dollars out of what the ask might have been, all with an eye to reducing the impact on customers. The MichCon case being pulled was another case in point. So the approach we’re trying to take with the regulators is to work jointly on the big things and not spend a lot of time on things like ROE reduction. And frankly, I feel that if we do a really good job on the big things that we’ll get fair treatment on that and other fronts.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Steve Fleishman with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Gerald Anderson: Hey Steve.
Steve Fleishman – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey guys. How are you?
Gerald Anderson: Good.
Steve Fleishman – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just one follow-up question from what Paul just asked. From a sensitivity standpoint, what is the impact of 100 BPS sensitivity on ROE for the utilities? Or 10 BPS or however you have it.
David Meador: For Edison it’s about 40 million, 41%; and for MichCon, it’d be about 10 million.
Gerald Anderson: So 10 BPS would be 4 million.
David Meador: Four million, yeah.
Steve Fleishman – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Gerald Anderson: And MichCon about a quarter of that, so I think combined $5 million for the two.
Steve Fleishman – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right. And then one other question on the choice cap, which sounds like it’s not an issue; but how much request is there really for people wanting choice beyond the cap that’s there? Like, a 10% cap, is it only another few percent that want choice?
Gerald Anderson: No, I think in this market there would be more than a few percent. But I think what the policy makers realize is that if you go back just a couple years ago, there was zero request and choice was falling to zero; and now there’s request for more than 10%. The whole point of a cap is that commodity markets are volatile, and if you set policy tied to volatile commodity markets, you don’t have a policy. I think our regulators and legislators understand that, so the reason I think it isn’t high on their agenda is for that reason. I think one person in particular who understands it is our governor. It didn’t take him long. He’s an ex-businessman and in particular a high-tech businessman with a financial background. It took him about five minutes to come to the conclusion that, oh, what people are looking for here is just a free option, right? And the answer was yes, and he said well, that’s not a policy. So I think that he understands the issue, as do the leaders in the House and the Senate.
Steve Fleishman – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And one last technical question – on Page 17 on the P&I projects out to 2015, at the bottom of that you have this corporate allocations interest in overhead. I assume that’s for 2015? The 60 to 70 million?
David Meador: Yes.
Steve Fleishman – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: What would that number be for your 2011 guidance?
Gerald Anderson: I’m looking at Peter Oleksiak here, our Controller.
Peter Oleksiak: It’s pretty similar, and we’re not anticipating a growth in those allocations throughout this time period.
Steve Fleishman – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Does that imply that you can grow the earnings without having to grow investment, though? Like, there’s no more interest?
Peter Oleksiak: Probably the interest would be grown. That’s probably one piece. The allocations overhead would stay pretty flat.
Steve Fleishman – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Peter Oleksiak: We set our non-utilities at a 50/50 structure.
Steve Fleishman – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Okay, thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Reza Hatefi with Decade Capital.
Gerald Anderson: Good morning.
Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital: Good morning. Thank you very much. I just got a little confused earlier on the Barnett discussion. Is that something – the sale of the properties – is that something that’s probably going to happen in 2011, or is it going to be multi-year, or how is that going to work?
Gerald Anderson: Let me take a crack at that. So I think what Dave was saying is that the highest prices in the marketplace right now are for oil and natural gas liquids. We do have those in our properties, and we’re making progress in continuing to improve our ability to get those and get them economically. So it’s really the timing of that that will define the timing of sale. If you were to look at this year versus next year, we may see some modest monetizations this year; but we’d expect something larger would likely play out next year or beyond.
Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital: Okay. And then just a second question on the trading business. I guess part of your long-term five to six kegger assumes trading returns back to normal levels. What are those normal levels, and what’s kind of the driver, I guess, to get it back up there?
Gerald Anderson: So if you look over the past five years, both our cash flow and our earnings there are 40 to 50 million a year, and so we talk about normal 40 to 50 as what we mean. We’ve said pretty consistently we’re not looking to grow that business. IT provides us intelligence and cash, and that’s its role. It was 75 million two years ago, and 6 million last year. We had a long period in 2010 where the markets just went dead, not only for us but everybody – about an eight month period. But in December and January and so far in February, we have seen the markets return to much more normal behavior within our operation, so that’s a positive sign. It’s not something you can project has to continue or will continue, but it certainly is a reversion back to more normal behavior from that eight month dead period last year. As Dave said, what we have this year is a range of 10 to 40. It’s just in line with what we saw this past year at the low end, and kind of the low end of normal at the high end, so the midpoint is 25. But we’d expect over time that we’d be able to achieve what we’ve seen over the past five years or so – that 40 to $50 million performance.
Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Gerald Anderson : Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Good morning. I wanted to just sort of follow up on the rate impact, because you guys mentioned that there’s a lot of investment, but it seems that there’s a considerable amount in renewables and energy conservation, and you guys have been doing a lot in cost savings and what have you. So how should we think—I mean, you obviously mentioned affordability and what have you, so how should we think about how much rate relief you’ll actually be seeking with this rather large capital investment?
Gerald Anderson: Well, one element you pointed out, which is our renewable investments which are, as you can see on one of the slides, is a significant piece of growth at Detroit Edison. That increase in rates happened as part of the legislation and is done, so there won’t be increases for that. So that’s a good thing. I guess the second would be that as we continue to invest, and one of the questions people might ask is how can you grow at 5 to 6% in your utility if you’re not growing at 5 to 6% in your rate structure? And what we’re trying to do—first of all, the renewables help with that because of the way the legislature structured them; but secondly, we’re fighting hard on the continuous improvement front to manage our operating cost to a lower growth profile to that. The combination of the two are what we hope will allow us to moderate the rate increase profile.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: So when we’re thinking about you going in for rate cases, should we think of them as still being sort of an annual thing? I mean, you pulled the last one, like you mentioned. I’m just sort of wondering how should we think about just how much regulatory relief we’re going to be looking at—
Gerald Anderson: How regular and how much? So here’s how we talk about it internally. We very explicitly are telling our people from an affordability standpoint, hold off as long as we can; but we also don’t want to hold off so long that the cases become complex or large for us, the regulators, or our customers. So it’s striking that balance between regularity and health for us, and workload and impact on our customers. So this past year, that meant that we held off from a case in January until a filing in October. But if you look forward, this is a heavy period of investment, particularly in emission controls were we’ve got almost a billion dollars over the next three years, and that’s going to imply that our rate base is going to be growing and we’re going to need to get returns on that to stay healthy. So I expect to see us going in each year, but we’ll use the philosophy I just described.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. There’s another utility in Michigan that sort of had their self-implementation situation—I know that’s a specific thing to them, but any flavor or change with respect to the Commission at all in terms of concerns about rates or what have you?
Gerald Anderson: Yeah, well, you’re right. The specifics on that one are—you should talk to CMS on. We make a habit not to say anything specific about them. But I have read the orders and there was information that came in late, so I think the Commission was saying we’ve got some late information, we want some time to digest it. If you take it more broadly and our feel for things, I don’t think it has any precedent. If you ask am I concerned about self-implementation or the structure generally, I’m not. I personally, and other senior people have been up to talk to the Commissioners recently, and I think they remain committed to playing out that legislation in the right way. So I’m not concerned in terms of precedent or tone or feel of things.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay, great. And then just finally, there’s a lot of talk in Congress about tax expenditures as being a means of budget discipline, so to speak. I don’t know how to put it, but whatever. Do you see any exposure? You mentioned how the steel thing didn’t work out as you had expected. Should we be concerned about any specific tax situation that you see being potentially under assault or being changed, perhaps, with the new Congress and the new budget discipline that’s showing up there?
Gerald Anderson: Well, the way those things play out is forward-looking, so they’re always working on forward-year budgets and doing impact studies on forward years. And if they change policy, whether it’s on renewables or things like REF, to my knowledge they’ve never done it backward-looking. Now they always have the right to come in and audit things to make sure that it played out according to law and so forth, but they have never—and one of the real principles of tax policy is you set it and people need to be able to rely on it and invest against it, so the changes are forward-looking. So I do expect that there’s going to be a lot of debate around energy tax provisions—renewable tax provisions for example. They will be something that people are going to talk about. I think they’ll remain, but just how large they are and so forth will get plenty of discussion.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from John Quealy with Canaccord Genuity.
Mark Siegel – Canaccord Genuity: Hi, good morning. It’s Mark Siegel for John. I was just wondering if you guys could talk a little bit about the smart meter program, your assessment of how that’s going so far, and perhaps talk about the process for evaluating—expanding beyond your initial commitment through next year.
Gerald Anderson: So we’re making good progress on it. It’s ahead of schedule, on budget. We’ve got about 130,000 meters completed at the end of this past year. We expect to have 300,000 in by the end of this year, and that’s of a total of 600,000. And what we’ve talked to the Commission about is that we want to take a stop at the end of 600,000 meters, evaluate benefits, evaluate—you know, we had a projected list of savings. We want to step back and make sure that we’re getting those. The other thing that is true in this round of investments for us is that we got a stimulus grant, so that brought down our net investment and it brought down the cost to customers. So what we want to do, then, is evaluate based upon the savings that we’re seeing, do we see savings to customers without help from the federal government? In other words, if we need to carry the full load, do these things pay for themselves and lower customer rates? And that’s what we—we’ll take a pause to do that evaluation. The other thing that we want to evaluate is the service improvements. These are kind of—these meters are going to allow us to do some things for customers that we’ve never been able to do, like know before they know when they’re out of power. You know, a typical example – people are off at work, come home to find their power out. We’ll know that and can get them back up and running before they ever knew they were out of power. So there will be service improvements too. But general philosophy, we’re going to take a stop and evaluate and see if we should go on.
Mark Siegel – Canaccord Genuity: Okay. And does the stimulus money—is there an embedded provision in that, that says when you’ve got to make that decision or have your funds allocated by?
Gerald Anderson: We’re fully using the—if I got your question right, we’re on an investment path to utilize those funds that were described to the federal government, and that’s all working fine. And there is no contingency related to what we do in the future.
Mark Siegel – Canaccord Genuity: Okay, perfect. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Mark Barnett with Morningstar.
Gerald Anderson: Hi Mark.
Mark Barnett – Morningstar: Hey, good morning guys. A couple of questions here. I guess I’ll just hit first on the sales side. I know decoupling is taking care of the earnings and cash flow there, but could you give me just a little bit of commentary on—you know, commercial and residential sales obviously weren’t as strong as industrial, and maybe what’s going on there – a little color around that?
Gerald Anderson: I think it’s two things. Post-crisis, I think there was a stronger mindset about use of energy in homes and commercial businesses. The other thing is that we’re investing pretty heavily around conservation, and I think there’s an impact to that. Frankly, we want that impact. The other conversation we have in the Company is managing customer bills with a focus on bill size, and so we are looking at the combined residential gas/electric bill and trying to manage it down because we feel if we manage it down, the investments we’re making will be received a lot better. And so that decline in residential average use, we welcome and working to make happen.
Mark Barnett – Morningstar: Okay, so you don’t see a lot of—I mean, what’s sort of the housing situation in your service territories? I’m not really up to date with that information.
Gerald Anderson: Housing or population? We saw—I guess the best way to do it is probably customers. We saw a slight decline in customer count during the height of the crisis, and I don’t have a trend on that now. As the economy picks back up and so forth, we’d expect to see probably that reverse and trend the other way.
Mark Barnett – Morningstar: Okay. I may have missed it, and apologies if I did, but was there a plan this year for MichCon filing to replace what you delayed last year?
Gerald Anderson: We don’t have any plan that we’ve announced, and so we don’t have anything specific on that yet.
Mark Barnett – Morningstar: Okay. And I guess just one more quick question – this is more a general big picture. A couple of infrastructure pipeline companies around the Marcellus have been talking about the opportunity to ship gas back west and north, and onwards eventually to Canada, what with the higher gas prices up there. And I’m wondering where you guys sit at the pipe? You might have some insight into that – whether that makes sense and how that might affect your gas purchases going forward.
Gerald Anderson: Well, we sit in an interesting position relative to what you described because Michigan is a big storage market, and so we actually have seen this change in gas flow dynamics impacting—you know, pipes that you thought were going to flow one way, people are talking about flowing the other direction or mixed flows – one direction one part of the year; another direction the other part of the year as retail storage, for example. So yes, what people are talking about is real. If you ask is that all figured out yet? No. It’s still pretty dynamic and end users are trying to take stock of the significant change that these shale basins have created and what that means for pipe flows and storage utilization. And we really do—if you look at our Millennium pipeline, for example, and the connection of that back through Canada to a big storage base in Michigan, we’re one of the players that would potentially see that sort of impact, and that can be a good impact. But the market is still working all that out.
Mark Barnett – Morningstar: All right, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Danielle Seitz with Dudack Research
Danielle Seitz – Dudack Research: Thank you. Most of my questions have been answered. Just one on the equity issuance. You are still using a DRIP program. How much does that provide, and do you anticipate the new equity issue to be in 2013 for sure?
David Meador: This is Dave, Danielle. The first answer would be when we originally said 100 to 200 million a year, that never involved public issuance. That was always going to be through DRIP or pension plans, and as we said, now that’s all turned off because the number is zero this year. We’re going to work hard to see if we can drive that number down to zero next year, and I have no plans right now for ’13 because as we’ve indicated, we’re not only working on cash flows but we still have that—you know, you get on to that ’13 time frame, that now circles back to when do we see monetization starting to happen in the Barnett. So it’s very possible ’13 could be zero also, but we’ll have to wait and see how that plays out.
Danielle Seitz – Dudack Research: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Leon Dubov with Catapult Capital Management.
Leon Dubov – Catapult Capital Management: Hi, good morning guys. I was wondering if you can give me a little bit of metrics around your coke batteries business in terms of what kind of volumes you guys do there; and sort of as a follow-up to that, with the robust pricing we’re seeing for met coal, is this an asset that could potentially also be monetized?
Gerald Anderson: So on the first question, most of our—essentially all of our coke volume now is contracted. We have a little bit available in the stock market but not much. We’ve been working to get those fully contracted so the earnings stability is there. And in terms of total tons, I don’t have that at my fingertips, but it’s on the order of, I think, a couple million tons by the time you put our total position together. But if you need that, we could get that for you. In terms of being monetized, we haven’t looked at it but it could be something, for example, if a steel company wanted to manage their coke prices and coke availability and so forth, could have an interest in. And if down the road that turned out to be the right value decision, would we look at it? Sure. Have we had anybody approach us on it or had discussions on it? No.
Leon Dubov – Catapult Capital Management: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: As a reminder, if you’d like to ask a question, it’s star, one. And we’ll take our next question from Ashar Khan with Visium.
Gerald Anderson: Good morning.
Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management: Hi, good morning. I think you’ve answered most of the questions. I just had a query – is there an ROE concern? Dave, you mentioned a little bit in your remarks that that’s one of the reasons you took off the gas case. Is there a concern that you have that this is not sustainable? I’m just trying to get a better context of your remarks earlier on.
David Meador: No, actually I’m not too sure exactly what you’re referring to, because pulling that gas case had nothing to do with concerns about return on equity. We filed the case, and as any other case over time, after we filed it some of the assumptions started to change, and the factors we looked at said the amount of money that we would need in a rate increase to hit our targeted earnings was much smaller, and we stood back and looked at it and said we could actually pull this case and go after cost reductions and hit our objectives. And at the same time, it’s one less case for us at the Commission and it’s the right thing for customers to do, and then we can put our energy and focus together on the Detroit Edison case where there’s a lot more economics. So this is more about over time, the number got small enough we started asking ourselves the question, why are we pursuing a case versus just going back to what we do really well, which is work on continuous improvement and cost. And I think Gerry addressed the overall ROE view right now is that in the Edison case, we filed for 11 and an eighth. We believe that our position on that is supportable, and we’re going to pursue that in the case. And we think there’s other much larger value drivers for customers that we will be talking to the Commission about in the way that we filed that case that can make it a win-win for us and for customers, and that ROE isn’t one of them.
Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And that concludes today’s question and answer session. At this time, I’ll turn the conference back over to our presenters today for any additional or closing remarks.
Gerald Anderson: Well, no closing remarks. Just want to thank you all for your time and interest this morning. We look forward to keeping you posted on progress as things go on this year. Thanks very much.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  David Meador – EVP and CFO Peter Oleksiak – VP, Controller Nick Khouri – Treasurer
Analysts:  Kevin Cole – Credit Suisse Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management 
Operator: Welcome to the DTE Energy third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Meador, please go ahead, sir.
David Meador: Thank you, and good morning, and welcome to our third quarter conference call. Before we get started, I encourage you to read the Safe Harbor statement on page two, including the reference to forward-looking statements. With me this morning are Peter Oleksiak, our Controller; Nick Khouri, our Treasurer; and Mark Rolling, our Director of Investor Relations. I also have with me members of the management team that I might call on during the Q&A session. If you can turn to Slide 5, let me start with an overview. We’ve talked about our investment thesis on a number of occasions. This lays out our financial aspirations, and highlights what we, as a management team, are focused on. Our financial plan support our target of 5% to 6% long-term earnings per share growth, and attractive dividend, which we increased by nearly 6% last quarter, and a strong balance sheet. We understand the needs and challenges of our customers and we continue to work closely with the MPSC. This gives us the confidence that we can grow the utilities in a manner that provides an attractive return to our shareholders, while at the same time being aware of the financial pressures of our customers. To do this, we need to manage significant capital on investment at Detroit Edison and MichCon. Much of the growth of the utilities is being driven by environmental mandates and renewable energy standards which are required by Federal and State Regulations. At the same time, we face the significant capital investment requirements, we need to focus on the needs of our customers by ensuring the lowest possible rates and providing the highest level of customer service. To do this, we’re leveraging our continuous improvement capabilities to reduce both our O&M cost as well as our capital expenditures to ensure we minimize the overall rate impact on customers, and at the same time, improving our operational performance and customer service. When you combine the cost reduction efforts with constructive regulatory environment, we are confident that the two utilities will be able to earn their authorized return of 11% and grow 5% to 6% over time. At the beginning of the third quarter, we filed for a $51 million rate increase in MichCon and later today, we will file a rate case for Detroit Edison. We’re not able to talk about the Detroit Edison rate case on this call before its filed but we will be preparing our standard investor summary document which will 8-K later on today. And of course, we’ll discuss this in more detail at EEI next week. Our non-utility businesses continue to provide growth opportunities, as well as diversify our earnings. We’re prepared to go on a more detail on these businesses next week, also including both near and long term outlooks. Now turning to page 6, our earnings for the third quarter came in at $0.96 per share, $0.05 above last year. The increase in earnings is primarily the result of solid results of the utilities in another robust quarter at the Power and Industrial group. Partially offsetting this is the third quarter loss of Energy Trading and higher cost at corporate and other. Given the results through the third quarter and our forecast for the remainder of the year, we are tightening our 2010 guidance to $3.50 to $3.70 per share, which results in a year-over-year increase per share growth of 9% at midpoint. This is an improvement over the 7.6% growth we originally expected in our original guidance of $3.55 per share. The local economy continues to improve. Year-to-date load is up to 2.3% on a temperature normal bases and industrial load is up almost 15% year-to-date. Then, we see other indicators of the economy recovering. Finally, our balance sheet metrics are strong and where we like them to be. Year-to-date, we have generated $1.5 billion in cash from operations and we’re increasing our full-year guidance for cash flow and Nick will take you through that in a few minutes. On page 7 is an update of our 2010 guidance. As you know, the original guidance was $3.55 per share at midpoint and that’s the left hand column. After a strong first quarter at Detroit Edison, Power and Industrial and Energy Trading, we raised our guidance in April to a midpoint of $3.63 and that’s the middle column on this page. As we come into the final quarter where refine our guidance to reflect the continued strong performance of the utilities, Power and Industrial and the holding company, which is helping to offset the performance at Energy Trading. While there’s earnings mix change, holding the bottom line is something we take very seriously and we’re driving to deliver earnings pretty close to the revised guidance that we provided in the spring. Let me walk down this page by going down the right hand column. With solid performance at our utilities, we’re raising the lower end of Detroit Edison’s guidance range by $10 million and we’re narrowing and raising the guidance range for MichCon to $105 million to $110 million. In an effort to stay out of rate case of Detroit Edison as long as possible, we captured a number of one-time cost savings opportunity which flowed through the bulk utilities. We continue to see long-term growth at our gas Storage and Pipelines business and we’ll cover that at EEI but we expect the current year to come in near the lower end of current guidance of $50 million. On the second quarter call, we talked about potential upside earnings to the Power and Industrial business if we were able to realize the full value of the steel industry fuels tax credit. We are now comfortable with that and we are increasing a narrowing, the P&I guidance to $85 million to $90 million. And earnings at Energy Trading continued to be pressured by a market that has made it difficult for a business like ours to make money. While there has been some volatility in the commodity stock markets, our trading business typically makes money on relational value trading or put more simply, they look for seasonal and geographic spreads in gas and power prices. Recently, those spreads have collapsed. This has made it difficult for the trading team to realize trading gross margin similar to historical averages and in fact, the third quarter gross margins were insufficient to cover fixed cost of the business. As a result of these marketplace dynamics, we’re lowering the guidance for Energy Trading to $5 million to $15 million. While we’re disappointed in Energy Trading results, the team there has done a very good job for us over many years and we have full confidence in them. We aren’t changing our risk profile and I believe this team will find a way to work through the current market environment and again, we’ll go into more detail about trading next week. Due to some favorable tax items, we expect corporate and other expenses will come in near $68 million for the year. So overall, we expect DTE Energy to deliver a 9% increase in operating earnings per share at midpoint, a net increase higher than the 7.6% growth that we expected in our original guidance and both of them are well above or 5% to 6% long-term target. Now, let me turn it over to Peter who will take you through the third quarter results for more detail.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks Dave and good morning to everyone. I’m going to start with slide 9 which is our standard slide for the quarter and the third quarter earnings results. For the quarter, DTE’s operating earnings per share were $0.96. As a reminder, there’s a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings contained in the appendix of the presentation. Detroit Edison grew $0.97 and MichCon, which typically incurs an operating loss in the quarter, came in at a loss of $0.04. The non-utility segment combined to earn $0.13. Breaking this down into the components, earning results for the third quarter were Power and Industrial at $0.15; Gas, Storage and Pipelines at $0.07; and Unconventional Gas Production at $0.02 loss and Energy Trading at $0.07 loss. Corporate and other had a loss of $0.10 in the quarter. Let’s move on to slide 10 and a summary of the quarter to quarter performance by segment. Overall, operating earnings were up $13 million in the third quarter of 2010. Both of our utilities, earnings were up in the quarter and I’ll be taking you through additional details at our two utilities in a few moments. The non-utility segments in total were down slightly quarter over quarter. The primary movers in the quarter were Power and Industrial projects with $17 million improvement driven by higher co-sales and the steel industry fuels tax credit offset by reduced earnings at Energy Trading of $18 million. I’ll take you through some details of Energy Trading segment after I cover the utilities. Finally, our corporate and segment was unfavorable driven by 2009 onetime tax benefits. Now, I’d like to go through some details beginning with our utilities in Detroit Edison on slide 11. Operating earnings for Detroit Edison were $165 million, up $16 million from the prior year. Total margin for the quarter was up $24 million due to a colder than normal 2009 and weather normalized revenue treatment in 2010. The revenue decoupler Edison received in its rate order this year captures any weather related uses changes. We didn’t see a small pickup in weather margin related to summer rates higher than average rates into the decoupler. But this pickup was offset by incremental margin loss for the customer choice that was not captured by our choice tracker. Additionally, O&M expense was lower as a result of onetime cost actions, continuous improvement initiatives and lower uncollectible expense. Edison experienced some quarter-over-quarter unfavorability driven by the 2009 third quarter property tax settlement, which benefits 2009 results. Moving on to page 12, I’ll review MichCon’s performance. As I mentioned earlier, the third quarter is typically a loss in our seasonal gas utility business. MichCon had an operating loss of $6 million, up $17 million from prior year primarily due to margin improvement and lower depreciation. The improvement were driven by the June 2010 rate order, lower gas expense – lost gas expense and reduced depreciation rates partially offset by lower mid-stream revenues. Let’s move to page 13 to review the Energy Trading segment. This is a standard slide we do provide that does look at the accounting earnings versus the economic earnings and I wanted to take you a little bit through the detail here. On a year-to-date basis for 2010, our operating earnings for Energy Trading were zero and the economic net income was $23 million. At 2009, year-to-date comparable time period was $73 million of operating earnings and $64 million of economic net income. Energy Trading had a strong year in 2009 with operating earnings that were higher than the $55 million average operating earnings for the three preceding years. Now, with the decreased level of year-to-date earnings in 2010, which driven heavily by the year-over-year decline in Trading related opportunities, which Dave mentioned earlier. This is due in large part to an oversupplied gas market’s significantly lower volatility and liquidity and regulatory changes along with uncertainty associated with the new financial reform legislation. Another factor impacting this year’s results has been account in recognition timing. Of the $23 million of timing effects in our year-to-date 2010 operating earnings, we anticipate approximately $10 million will roll into the income statement in the fourth quarter. Given the challenges in the marketplace, Dave and I have described, we are lowering our expected performance on the segments to a range of $5 million to $15 million. That concludes an update on the earnings for the quarter. We’ll now turn the discussion over to Nick Khouri, who will cover cash flow and capital expenditures.
Nick Khouri: Thanks Peter and good morning. As always, improved cash flow and balance sheet strength remains a key priority for management and Board of Directors. Through the first three quarters of this year, DTE Energy’s cash and balance sheet metrics are on track. In fact, nearly equal to the historically strong year we saw in 2009. Page 15 summarizes our balance sheet metrics. We expect to end this year within our targeted leverage in cash flow ranges. In addition, we are nearly finished with our 2010 funding requirements. We have contributed $200 million to our pension plan through a combination of cash and DTE equity, refinanced outstanding utility debt at all-time record low interest rates and renew a nearly $2 billion credit facility at cost approaching free crisis lows. Both Fitch and S&P have improved DTE’s credit outlook so far this year with Fitch moving from negative to stable and S&P improving from stable to positive in the first half of the year. Page 16 provides an overview of DTE’s year-to-date cash flow this year versus the same period last year. Free cash flow reached a solid $600 million through September. Even with higher capital spending, net cash flow after dividends was a strong $300 million, enough to shore up DTE’s balance sheet liquidity. Page 17 shows our revised guidance for 2010 cash and capital. Cash from operations is expected to be up about $100 million from our original guidance driven mainly by weather at Detroit Edison while capital is expected to end the year slightly below prior guidance. What’s important is that net cash after dividends is expected to move from a negative in our original guidance to a positive in our current estimate. Capital spending for the full year is shown on the right side of page 17. DTE capital spending will total $1.25 billion, down from the original projection of $1.4 billion, but over a 15% increase from 2009 actuals. Detroit Edison’s operational capital has been revised up slightly, while the timing of renewable spending has shifted from 2010 to 2011 and 2012. The retiming of renewable capital does not change the total projected multiyear spending outlook. Finally, the forecast for capital in our non-utility businesses is being reduced from $300 million to $200 million. Capital spending in these businesses is dependent on the timing of projects and varies from year to year. In summary, DTE’s cash and balance sheet targets are on track with year-to-date actuals nearing the historically strong year we saw in 2009, allowing us to increase our cash guidance for all of 2010. Now let me turn it back to Dave for a wrap up.
David Meador:  Thanks Nick. Let me wrap up on slide 19. The third quarter was another solid quarter at the Utilities and the Power and Industrial group, and when you combine that with the challenges we’re seeing at energy trading, we’re confident in tightening our 2010 guidance. Nick just took you through the cash flows which are very strong, and we’re able to maintain a solid balance sheet and increase our cash flow guidance for the year. In summary, we remain committed to our financial goals and believe our plans will deliver the results necessary to provide an attractive total shareholder return through a combination of 5% to 6% long-term earnings growth and an attractive dividend. Next week we’ll be able to provide an early outlook for 2011 by business segment. And with that we’d be happy to take your questions now.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And our first question today will come from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Kevin Cole – Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning, guys. This is actually Kevin.
David Meador:  Hey Kevin.
Kevin Cole – Credit Suisse: With Trading, you guys did a good job actually at last quarter with the slide 14 segments and trading between timing and economic performance. Can you help me think about year-to-date performance between this timing versus actual losses and then how you get to the $10 million gain in 4Q?
David Meador:  The quarters, as you know, have been different. We had a very strong quarter in the first quarter where the team almost made our entire year of profit goal in the first quarter. Second quarter was different where we had some positions that the market shifted against us and we had to step out of the market at that point in time. The third quarter and fourth quarter were seeing different dynamics where the market’s just not providing the opportunity to generate margin sufficient enough to offset fixed cost. Now, we still have roll-on coming back in. So we have transactions as you know where we booked day one reserves and those reserves get amortized over the life of the transaction. So, when we look at the fourth quarter, the way I think about it is you’ve got roll-on of about $10 million. We also know that they have quarterly O&M that the team has to cover, and then we look at what they see in the market place in terms of their ability to generate margin that would, with that roll-on, cover the fixed cost and basically get you to a profit in the fourth quarter. Peter, do you have anything to add?
Peter Oleksiak: Regarding the nature of these timing transactions, a lot of them are originations, these four [ph] requirement service contracts. From accounting perspectives, we need to take day one reserves and actually then we (inaudible) in those reserves over when the transaction actually commences, and a lot of this will become – starting in the fourth quarter. So, this is really kind of a set program to get the day one reserves back in. So we’re feeling pretty comfortable with the $10 million roll-on in the fourth quarter.
Kevin Cole – Credit Suisse: Okay, and not to pin you into any sort of like ‘11 guidance, but are you still seeing the business as a $45 million to $55 million a year project or segment?
David Meador:  We’ll talk about that at EEI. I think over time, that’s our objective. As you know, this has never been part of our growth objectives and we like that as – at the size it was was $40 million to $50 million, and the open question really would be a combination of the team working hard and the environment that they’re working in, and how soon does the environment change that will provide more opportunities for them to generate gross margins. So, part of the answer to that question is it’s slightly out of our control. The question is what does the market provide them, but that doesn’t mean that the team isn’t working hard in the meantime. We trade and there’s three areas basically that we’ve described asset optimization market, marketing and origination and then proprietary trading, and they are seeing opportunities in that second group, the marketing and origination business. So, like I said, they’re working out hard and our long-term goal is still in the $40 million to $50 million range.
Kevin Cole – Credit Suisse: Okay, that’s helpful. And then on the steel tax credit, what’s it looking like for 2011? Do you see the bill getting past Congress, get the tax extended?
David Meador:  We believe so, but it’s difficult to call some of these items. There’re two extender bills, the way to think about it is the large Bush tax reduction extender bill, and then there’s a smaller extender bill that is Senate Bill 3793 and it was introduced by Senator Baucus. That bill’s a smaller bill, it also includes the R&D tax credit. We believe there’s broad support and we’re pretty optimistic that this gets passed in lame duck legislation, but it’s something that we’ll all have to watch.
Kevin Cole – Credit Suisse: Okay. And you’re expecting that to fall out around $0.18 for 2010 of benefit?
David Meador:  It’s $30 million of net income, and if it gets extended it will be slightly less for next year.
Kevin Cole – Credit Suisse: When you file the Detroit Edison rate case later today, do you have to refile for choice or is that any different proceeding?
David Meador:  No, it’s part of the filing that we’ll make today.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We do have a question from Ashar Khan from Visium Asset Management.
Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management: So you still are expecting a 5% growth rate? And just wanted to hear, when should we expect ‘11 guidance for 2011?
David Meador:  Next week. We’ll be at EEI with Gerry Anderson and its part of our presentation that we’ll make next week.
Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management: Okay, but the long-term growth rate is still intact as you see it?
David Meador:  Yes. Over time, the utilities as an example, we have substantial capital investments that we’re going to have to make, and with the utilities being two thirds of the business, we have more than enough capital investment to make that will actually drive that growth. Our challenge is actually a little bit of the opposite, we’re trying to turn back some of that capital to be really cognizant of the impact on our customers. And then we also see a lot of interesting opportunities in the non-regulated businesses and Gerry Anderson will also give a multiple year review of that next week.
Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management: Okay. And then, could you just remind us, there was a change as part of this legislation last year in terms of – what are the new laws if there’s any M&A activity in the state? You have to get approval from the Commission? I believe there was a change in laws part of the legislation. Could you just remind us, what is the procedure if there is any M&A activity? Do you have to get approval from the Commission or what happens?
David Meador:  Yes, the law that was passed in 2008 that provided the new regulatory environment that we’re working in in renewable energy and other factors also provided for the Commission to be able to review and approve an acquisition of a Michigan company.
Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management: Okay. And is there a timeframe for that or were any standards set up, or any time frames set up or no?
David Meador:  I’ll let Don [ph] talk to that, but the reason I don’t know the answer is I view this as a pretty remote activity. So, Don, do you want to comment on that? Unidentified Company Representative Yes. As I recall the main time constraint as the Commission has 90 days to rule on it. I believe it’s 90 days. It could be a 180 days but there’s a relatively short time frame, that once you file an application, the Commission has change to rule on it.
Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management: So it’s 90 days. And is there any standards that was set up in the law or no?
Unidentified Company Representative: There’s some criteria that the commission has worked on in terms of how to process with work but since nobody’s done it, it’s kind of unclear how it would work. We’ll see how it works if somebody files one of these applications.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I’ll turn the conference over to Mr. Meador for any additional or closing comments.
David Meador: Well, thank you for joining us this morning, and I appreciate you joining us for the call, and we look forward to meeting many of you next week at EEI. As I mention, we’ll provide additional insights on 2011 including more details on the upcoming Detroit Edison filing that we’ll make later today, and then some longer term outlooks on both our utility, non-utility businesses. And as a reminder, Gerry Anderson and I will be presenting Tuesday morning at 8:15 Pacific Daylight Time. So thanks again for joining us and have a good day.
Operator: That does conclude today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation and have a nice day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David Meador – CFO Peter Oleksiak – Controller Nick Khouri – VP & Treasurer
Analysts: Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse Brian Chin – Citigroup Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank Danielle Seitz – Dudad Research Mark Segal – Canaccord Adams Jeff Buckley [ph]
Operator: Good day and welcome to the DTE Energy first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Meador. Please go ahead, sir.
David Meador:
 : With me this morning are Peter Oleksiak, our controller; Nick Khouri, our treasurer and Lisa Muschong our Director of Investor Relations. I also have members of the management team in the room that I might call on during the Q&A session. Let me start with an overview on page 5. We believe that DTE is a very attractive investment. It is grounded in a robust plan for 5% to 6% long-term growth, and when you put that together with our dividend $2.12 a share, this provides a very attractive total shareholder return. We have a strong utility growth plan, and it is driven by federal and state mandated investments, and we are not dependent on electric load or natural gas usage growth. At Detroit Edison this growth is driven by four areas of investments. The first is renewable energy, where we will spend $300 million to $400 million between now and 2012; energy efficiency, where we will spend $100 million over that period; environmental expenditures, at our major coal plants, where we will spend $500 million to $600 million, and base infrastructure investments of $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion. In MichCon over that time frame we will invest about $400 million to $500 million on base infrastructure and growth projects. Growth of the two utilities is underpinned by a very constructive regulatory structure. This will help provide a predictable earnings stream going forward. This also allows us to continue to make investments and contribute to the MichCon’s economic recovery. We have been able to successfully execute our regulatory proceedings under the new laws. We get some cycles of rate cases behind us. We received a very constructive rate case order at Detroit Edison in January, and we expect the same at MichCon by early June of this year. While we have a constructive regulatory environment, we also fully understand our role in being a customer centric organization. We have developed a strong continuous improvement culture that has delivered significant decreases in O&M, while improving operational metrics. We have also initiated a comprehensive customer satisfaction initiative that when combined with our continuous improvement muscle will help keep rates affordable for our customers. In our non-utility businesses, we will be focused on growth. First in our gas midstream business, which is well situated to take advantage of the Marcellus Shale gas flows, and our power and industrial projects, where we will see near-term growth, predominantly in the areas of renewable energy with acquisitions of small coal plants that are being converted to biomass, and qualify for renewable energy credits. Now if you can turn to page 6, we are very pleased with the strong results in the quarter, which has given us the confidence to raise our operating earnings guidance. Our operating earnings came in at $1.38 per share, a 25% improvement over the first quarter of last year. This was driven first by the two utilities where we saw rate increases and we also have ongoing cost control driven by our continuous improvement work. The local economy continues to show signs of improvement. Temperature normalized loads is up 2%, led by the industrial sector, where we saw a 12% improvement on load. The industrial sector is driven by recovery in the automotive and steel industries. There continues to be signs of economic recovery, including automotive sales and the profitability of the auto companies even at lower volumes due to the restructuring that happened last year. And as Michigan's economy restructures, automotive is less critical as only 3% of jobs in Michigan are auto or auto parts manufacturing related. We understand there will be a tail on the economic recovery, but we are seeing a lot of positive signs throughout the state. We also had strong results this quarter in our non-utility businesses driven by the power and industrial group in energy trading. Our cash flow and balance sheet metrics were strong and right where we want to be where we generated $600 million in free cash flow for the quarter, and we are on track for funding needs this year. Now let us turn to slide seven, and let me take you through the increases in our guidance, where we are revising guidance in four areas. We are increasing our guidance to $3.45 to $3.80 per share after a great start to the year. The midpoint increases $0.08 a share to $3.63, and is something that we are confident in. While our long-term growth rate is 5% to 6%, this lift in guidance means 10% year-over-year increase in earnings per share at midpoint. And let me go through the detail, at Detroit Edison we are pulling up the bottom end of guidance $5 million [ph] to $410 million based on first-quarter results, which were driven by the rate case and ongoing continuous improvement effort. We are holding MichCon’s guidance at $95 million to $105 million, and expect the final order in the rate case to come out in early June, and that should support the level of earnings, again coupled with ongoing cost controls. The non-utilities are off to a great start with another year of consistent earnings in our gas storage and pipeline business, and a rebound in the steel sector, which in addition to new projects is driving the power and industrial business, where here we are also pulling up the lower end of guidance by $5 million. Energy trading had another strong first-quarter similar to last year. We are raising the upper end of guidance to $60 million. However, we are not changing our long-term outlook of this business, where we still account on them for $45 million to $55 million in earnings. And then last we are improving the holding company guidance to $80 million in expenses due to tax benefits that flowed through the holding company in the quarter. So the total for the new guidance is $578 million to $643 million, which at midpoint is 13% higher than last year, and earnings per share which at midpoint is 10% higher than last year. So now let me turn it over to Peter, who will take you through the quarter.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks David, and good morning to everyone. I will start with slide nine and the first-quarter earnings results. For the quarter, DTE’s operating earnings per share is $1.38. I would like to remind everyone that a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings is contained in the appendix. Detroit Edison contributed $0.55 and MichCon – which typically has a strong first-quarter came in at $0.48. The non-utility segments combined to earn $0.40. The primary drivers of the non-utility quarter results were energy trading at $0.23, power and industrial projects at $0.11, gas storage and pipeline at $0.08, an unconventional gas production at $0.02. Finally corporate and other had a loss of $0.05 in the quarter. Let us move now to slide 10, and a summary of the quarter-over-quarter performance by segment. Operating earnings for the consolidated DTE Energy are up $50 million for the quarter. Both Detroit Edison and MichCon had higher earnings than prior year. In a few moments, I will provide additional detail on the two utility companies. Our non-utility segments were up $11 million, led by power and industrial projects which had a $14 million increase in earnings as a result of the rebound in the steel sector and new projects coming on line. Energy trading, which turned another strong quarter was $38 million of income, is down only slightly from last year. As Dave discussed in his guidance update we have taken the upper end of trading’s guidance to reflect this strong start to the year. There is still a lot of time left in the year, so we have not changed the lower end for this segment. Gas storage and pipeline earnings were flat year-over-year, and the loss from unconventional gas production is in line with prior year. As Dave mentioned earlier, the strong performance at our non-utility companies helped support the increase in our earnings guidance for 2010. Corporate another was $8 million better than last year due primarily to lower taxes. Now I would like to go through some quarterly details of the utility companies beginning with Detroit Edison on slide 11. Operating earnings for Detroit Edison was $91 million, up $13 million from the prior year. Total margin for the quarter was up $15 million, driven primarily by the final rate order we received in January of this year. Part of the margin increase is due to our new decoupling mechanism, which provided a few million of additional margin in the quarter. We provided a decoupling example in the appendix to show how this mechanism and the mechanics works here in Michigan. Overall electric load in the territory was up close to 2% in the quarter, and we are now estimating full-year load growth at 2%, up from the 1% we previously disclosed. We have seen positive signs of the economic improvement in Michigan since the beginning of the year, and it is translated to increased load. Choice load is up considerably from 3% of sales last year to the cap of 10% this year, and that is reflected in our bundled sales decline year-over-year. But we have a Choice record that offsets most of the corresponding margin loss. On the expense side, O&M was lower as a result of the roll-out of new continuous improvement initiatives, and other cost reduction actions, which were partially offset by an increase in benefit related costs. As Dave mentioned earlier, with this solid start we have tightened guidance this year for Edison by raising the lower end by $5 million. Moving on to page 12 and a review of MichCon performance. As mentioned earlier, the first quarter is typically the strongest in the seasonal gas utility business. Operating earnings for MichCon for $79 million, up $18 million from the prior year. This was primarily due to the implementation of higher rates in January of this year, and is part of the June 2009 rate filing, partially offset by unfavorable weather, increased customer conservation and lower midstream revenue. O&M expenses were lower than prior year as a result of continuous improvement related cost reductions similar to what occurred at Detroit Edison this quarter. That concludes an update on the earnings for the quarter, and I will now turn the discussion over to Nick Khouri, who will cover cash flow and capital expenditures.
Nick Khouri: Thank you Peter. As always, improved cash flow and balance sheet strength remains a key priority for management and the board of directors. Through the first three months of this year, our cash and balance sheet metrics are on track. In fact, about equal to the historically strong year we saw in 2009. Page 14 summarizes our progress. In the first quarter, we were pleased that both S&P and Fitch removed their negative outlooks reflecting an improvement in both our financial metrics and risk profile. We also made significant progress in the first quarter towards completing our 2010 financing plan. We issued approximately $130 million of DTE stock to fund both our pension plan, and our employees’ compensation DRIP programs. We expect to issue an additional $70 million of stock this year to fund the remaining DRIP requirements. In addition, using a combination of DTE stock and cash, we contributed $200 million to our pension plan meeting our 2010 funding targets. On the debt side, we accessed the debt markets at Detroit Edison at rates comparable to pre-crisis levels. Page 15 details cash flow and capital for the first quarter of 2010. Cash from operations totaled $800 million, in line with last year's first quarter, while free cash flow before dividends was slightly above the prior year at $600 million. As a result, outstanding net debt was reduced by approximately $400 million in the first three months of 2010. But given the quarterly cycle of cash flows, we expect that pay down to reverse in remaining quarters. Capital expenditure detail is shown on page 16. DTE capital spending totaled $242 million in the first quarter, down about $90 million from the prior year. Most of the year-over-year decline was at Detroit Edison due entirely to the timing of projects this year compared to 2009. MichCon year-over-year capital decline is due to the completion last year on a major expansion project on the west side of the state. On the non-utility side, capital is about flat on a year-to-year basis. For the full year, DTE capital is still targeted to reach above $1.4 billion, a 30% increase from 2009. In summary, DTE’s cash and balance sheet targets are on track with year-to-date actuals equaling the historically strong year we saw in 2009. Now let me turn it back over to Dave to wrap up.
David Meador: Thanks Nick. Let me wrap up on slide 18, our original guidance demonstrated healthy growth over 2009, and we're pleased to be in a position to increase guidance this early in the year. Our revised guidance reflects our confidence in being able to deliver earnings at the two utilities as they return to full earnings power, and a strong start to the year in our non-utility businesses. The utility growth continues to be set in a very constructive regulatory environment, and we remain focused on operational excellence and customer satisfaction, and we continue to see attractive investment opportunities at both our gas midstream business and the power and industrial business. When you put this all together, we have a robust plan for investments and cost control that will provide long-term growth of 5% to 6%, and when coupled with our dividend policy provides a very attractive total shareholder return. And now we would be happy to take your questions. Cynthia [ph], if you could turn that over to questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And we are going to take our first question today from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning. Dave I was wondering if you could start off and just give a little more color may be on what you are seeing in the P&I business, and now there is an expectation there is going to be a sustained opportunity for recovery relative to your guidance. Where do you think you are in that recovery cycle for the assets you have, and what business opportunities are you guys seeing on the market today with a better business environment?
David Meador: Well, you know, first of all I would start with the coke batteries that as you know, last year as we talked about the steel industry nearly shutting down and the coke batteries pulling back really hard towards the end of last year. That reversed as the steel industry shifted dramatically and we went back to full production. So, for this year we are fully sold out in coke production. Some of that we were able to select at opportunistic prices, and then we are fully contracted for 2011 at slightly reduced prices. Now at the same time we have new projects that are coming online. We have talked about these small coal plants that we have converted to wood burning plants that qualify for renewable energy credits. We have got a plant in Wisconsin. We have got another plant in California. A third one, we are negotiating in California right now. So our sense when you put this all together is that these earnings levels are sustainable and that over time you will see ongoing growth in that segment of the business.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay. So, we should – this is – we’ve gotten the recovery in your mind as far as the bulk of the existing businesses, and then the growth from here is going to be a function of investment and I guess expansion opportunities?
David Meador: Yes, that is right.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay. If I were looking at the guidance for this year and the increases you had, you talked about the midpoint now being up 10% year-on-year relative to the 5% to 6% growth rate. Should we think that this is the new baseline, and is 5% to 6% off of this year or you know just kind of given the market conditions you got a little bit ahead in a couple of the businesses in 2010 such that you know, maybe some of that growth is being carved out of ’11.
David Meador: No, it is the former. I believe that you know, what you are seeing first of all in this jump up as you know, the utilities had underperformed for a couple of years for different reasons, and now you are seeing the utilities return to full economic health, and you saw – we just talked about the power and industrial business coming back to its true baseline. So, my view is that this – the new baseline that you will see 5% to 6% growth off of, and it is not a pull ahead of 2011.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay, and I guess just one last question, can you just share a little bit of what you guys saw in the trading business in the first quarter that kind of game you some – got you quite a ways ahead on the year. Anything in particular from volatility or market perspective we should be aware of?
David Meador: Peter, you want to take that?
Peter Oleksiak: No, included in the appendix is kind of the economic income versus the (inaudible) some time. This is off to a strong start, actually a bit stronger than last year, and with $38 million of accounting income and with the guidance we had of 45 to 55, we thought it was prudent to take the upper end up.
David Meador: So, I think that they have seen opportunities evolve at the electric power side of the business and the gas side. The economic profit is slightly better. We have a little bit of a roll on of prior year economic profits, but I wouldn't describe this volatility related, because this is not necessarily how our business has originated. I would also just caution that people shouldn't take this quarter times four. I mean sometimes we ran into that last year and we do see a bit of seasonality in this business, where if you looked in 2009 they had very strong quarters in the first quarter and the third quarter, and so questions come up about, tell me about the total year, but we are just taking the upper end up slightly here and as I mentioned in my comments, we don't count on this part of the business for growth, and still long-term see it in the $45 million to $55 million range.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Got it. Thank you guys.
David Meador: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Brian Chin with Citigroup.
Brian Chin – Citigroup: Hi, just a quick question on the Choice and industrial data points that just came up in the CMS [ph] call a few days ago, but if I compare slides 22, and then the supplemental information pack you have got industrial sales in slide 22 going up 12%, but in the supplement pack you have got industrial going down. And so the way I should be thinking about that is since you are allocating Choice back into residential, commercial and industrial on slide 22, or you are saying is that a lot more industrial customers chose the Choice program, but if we are trying to assess like core fundamentals on industrial demand, slide 22 is the better metric to look at. Is that right?
David Meador: Slide 22 is the better metric. As I mentioned, there was a Choice increase if you are seeing a decline in bundle sales, and understand the overall economy is really the temperature in our normalized service territory.
Brian Chin – Citigroup: Okay, great. And then you also indicated at the bottom of that supplemental page, weather improving to 3 days for Detroit Edison was basically a nonevent, and that – I'm thinking about that right in the total sales on that slide if 11,987 for Detroit Edison pretty much matches up closely with 12092 right. So, normal sales in relatively a normal weather quarter in terms of…
David Meador: Fairly. You know, we kind of get the electric heating, and actually we had a slight weather impact for the electric utility. So actually the temperature normalized sales was a bit higher.
Brian Chin – Citigroup: Okay, great. I appreciate that. Thank you.
David Meador: Okay.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Greg Gordon with Morgan Stanley.
Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley: Thanks. Most of my questions have been answered, but I did want to ask another question on the industrial recovery you are seeing, and obviously doesn’t impact your outlook as much with decoupling now, but you guys are kind of at the center of the spider web in terms of the national economy. A Southern [ph] company just reported and they said they saw a high single-digit moving down in the industrial sales as well. You know, when you look at your coke battery project and the orders you are seeing when you look at what your electricity customers are doing in terms of manufacturing, what do you think the knock-on effects are going to be sort of outside your service territories as you go through the year, the EIA forecast for growth in electricity demand for this year was 0.8%. I find it kind of hard to believe where the economy is ramping that that is not a low number at this point?
David Meador: Yes, into issue [ph] it feels like a low number, where we are now forecasting load up 2%, and industrial load up 13% for the year. And you know you have seen this rebound as you have seen in all prior recessions, when we went back and looked at prior recessions, you get a spike back at some point in time, and for us as you see the factories reopen, and then add second shifts and third shifts, and I think this is going to continue around the country. I had read an auto report two days ago, where they are talking about the auto industry having to hire 88,000 people around the country now, albeit at probably lower wages than the people they are replacing. But there is just signals all around that you know the manufacturing sector in the United States is starting to breathe life again, and we certainly see it here.
Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: When did you get your 10% ROA?
David Meador: You are referring to the Choice?
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Yes, sorry.
David Meador: That was end of last year.
Peter Oleksiak: Actually, we hiked it at the year [ph].
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: At 10%?
Peter Oleksiak: At our cap.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: At the end of ’09?
David Meador: Yes. And if you look at the first quarter, it is essentially at the 10%, if you look at both Choice sales versus the total sales.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Could you give more detail on the tax benefit at corporate, what was that related to?
David Meador: It was a one-time item related to Michigan taxes, where we had booked a reserve, and there was the matter resolved actually by another company through the courts, and it allowed us to release that reserve.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: I'm sorry. How big was that?
David Meador: It was $5 million, okay.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: And what you call unrealized at trading, is that mark-to-market?
David Meador: Yes, it is mark-to-market.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: And your full year forecast assume that mark-to-market washes to zero at year-end?
Peter Oleksiak: At every year, we are going to have some element of mark-to-market still in the numbers, and the duration is fairly short though on the realized earnings.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: But your guidance for trading assumes, is there any mark-to-market implied in that?
David Meador: Well, our guidance is not accounting that economic profit. So, you get the roll on effect of prior year transactions with short tenure, but to the extent that I'm always doing new transactions, there is going to be some element of mark-to-market always in our numbers.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: But you don't know if it is negative or positive or…
Peter Oleksiak: We assume that current marks relatively stay the same. Maybe there are going to be new deals which are still going on and those new deals will have some element of our mark-to-market earnings.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Yiktat Fung at Zimmer Lucas Partners.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners: Good morning. Congratulations on your continued strong performance?
David Meador: Thank you.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners: I just have a question on the corporate and other segment, you were saying before that there was a $5 million reserve that was released due to some tax position. So that would bring your corporate and other earnings in the first quarter to about negative $13 million, is that correct?
David Meador: Yes, that is roughly right.
Peter Oleksiak: And there is another…
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners: But then your full year guidance is $80 million of drag at the parent, does that imply that for the other quarters, the drag should be still about $9 million higher than in the first quarter, and why is I guess the first quarter corporate drag still a bit lower than normalized level for you?
David Meador: There is an effective tax rate with some ability that equals zero by the end of the year.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners: I see. I understand. And my last question, what is the company's pension funding needs for the next several years, and how does the company plan to meet those?
David Meador: Roughly, I think the way to think about it is that we will contribute about $200 million a year. It is kind of in our planning horizon as we march towards 2016 fully funded status, which is you know, what most companies are tracking to and we've already made our contribution this year, though we did $100 million in stock and $100 million in cash and we're done for the year.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay. Thank you very much.
David Meador: Okay.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Jonathan Arnold at Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Good morning guys.
David Meador: Good morning.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Just – could I ask you to give us a little more granularity on where you are on cost savings. Have you – I think the release [ph] you have done some things beyond what you know, the original plan was and how we should think about, whether these are one-time, how much of it repeats, et cetera?
David Meador: I would suggest that we are always looking for, you know, cost savings and if someone gave me a one-time savings versus ongoing you know, we’ll take it as long as we're not affecting you know, operations or customer satisfaction, but our planning this year embedded in our net numbers in O&M was we’re targeting $60 million in sustainable cost savings and that's offsetting most of the inflation, you know, last year we're in a zero inflation environment, and this year you know, we have wage increases and other inflation that's creeping through, and we're trying to offset most of that with cost reductions that are sustainable, and we’ll continue to do that going forward. We're not, by no means done with continuous improvement and cost reductions.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: And among the $60 million target is that – how much of that showed up in Q1?
David Meador: About $15 million to $20 million roughly, but, you know, they – we spend less time tracking action savings versus, you know, we've got targets for everybody in the company that have their savings embedded. So I don't have necessarily a detailed tracking system because we found that people are getting really good at this, and I don't have to do that, but you know, I would look at just overall O&M, and just know that you know, what we're planning on for the years about $60 million cost reduction target.
Nick Khouri: And the first quarter was in line with our internal plans, actually slightly better.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks. If I may on another topic, we noticed in one of your recent investor slide presentations, slightly different language on the dividend, you know, rather than talking about potential increases, you are talking about expecting to increase the business for us, because obviously the payouts are tracking towards the low end of the range. What sort of timeframe do you think that dividend might be revisited?
David Meador: You know, just to circle back on our policy, our payout policy is to target 60% to 70% payouts. You know, last year we were you know, our final earnings were about 64% payout. With this revised guidance we are going to be below the 60% at midpoint and, you know, we annually sit down and talk to our board about this, and it’s something you know, as we get into the fall timeframe you know, we take this under you know, serious consideration and we'll be talking to the board about it later this year.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: In the fall is the would be the timeframe, did I hear that right?
David Meador: You know, normally that's usually when we do this. We have you know, the strategic planning session in the fall, and we're usually talking to the board about you know, forward years and things like dividends, and there would be the timeframe that we would, you know, take this under consideration looking at what our needs are for the next several years.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Thank you Dave.
David Meador: Okay.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Danielle Seitz at Dudad Research.
Danielle Seitz – Dudad Research: Thank you. I just was wondering given the strength of the investor recovery in your region. Would you think that this trend would continue into 2011 or is it too early to tell?
David Meador: Yes, my intuition is that this is going to continue. If you look at just take automotive as an example, you know, last year the automotive industry you know, went below 10 million units. You know, this year it's tracking you know, in the 11 million plus range and you know, I am now seeing projections in the 14 million unit range for next year. If those projections are right, you'll continue to see the manufacturing sectors that feed the auto and other industries continue to grow from the low point of 2009.
Danielle Seitz – Dudad Research: And as well as your industry [ph] region as well I guess.
David Meador: Yes, you know, at the same time, you know, Michigan is working hard on diversifying its economy. So, you know, there's a lot of work going on that will take time but again we're seeing positive signals. One example would be General Electric opening up an R&D center in our service territory that they are going to invest $100 million in, and then it's going to employ a thousand people. You know, that would be an example of things that we are starting to see in Michigan as you know, they are working really hard to attract new businesses and diversify the economy.
Danielle Seitz – Dudad Research: Thank you.
David Meador: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Segal with Canaccord.
Mark Segal – Canaccord Adams: Hi, good morning. Given the recent finalization of the DOE Smart Grid stimulus award yesterday, can you talk about your expectations from a timing perspective of automating the service territory beyond the 600,000 endpoint commitment through 2011?
David Meador: We, right now, you know, in terms of our project, we are taking in some stages. We had a pilot plant, the next stage is to do the 600,000 meters and you know, as we work our way through that we'll be making decision timing but this is, it's going to be a multiple year project for us. I think our planning is 5 to 8 years to roll this out. So, you know, we're not – this is – we're going to do the next stage of 600,000 meters, and we’ll evaluate after that, you know, the pace and level of investments, you know, also considering the other investments that we have to make in environmental and win another capital that's going to go into the utility.
Mark Segal – Canaccord Adams: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks very much.
Operator: We take our next question today from Jeff Buckley [ph].
Jeff Buckley: Hi, I just got on to the call and thank you very much for the presentation. One question I want to ask is I was looking at the year end, and I'm thinking about how you guys are managing the refinancing. I see there's a long time debt due of 661, and the equities [ph] that mature in 2010. Can you throw more color as to how you are managing this risk?
David Meador: I caught part of the question, let me see if I can pull a response. There is a Detroit Edison maturity of $500 million in October, and as we say in the presentation, we’ve already refinanced $300 million of that. So we think the refinancing risk for Detroit Edison this year is very low, and there is no Detroit Edison maturity, significant maturity next year. There is a DTE Energy maturity next year of $600 million in 2011, but given our current plans we think we will pay off most of that debt and not refinance it. That's on the debt side. On the credit side, on the bank revolver we do have just short of a $1 billion revolver coming due in October. The market has improved dramatically over the last few months and over the next 4 to 5 months we’ll remarket that revolver.
Jeff Buckley: Okay, all right. Thank you.
David Meador: Thank you.
Operator: And it appears we have no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Meador for any additional or closing remarks.
David Meador: Thank you and thanks for joining the call this morning. The next event that we will be at with most of you will be at AGA on May 17th and 18th. We have Gerry Anderson traveling there with Jerry Norcia, who runs our gas midstream business, as well as MichCon and we look forward to seeing you there. Thanks again.
Operator: That does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Gerry Anderson - President & COO Dave Meador - CFO Nick Khouri - VP & Treasurer
Analysts:  Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Leon Dubov - Catapult Capital Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Mark Siegel - Canaccord Adams Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research
Operator: Good day and welcome to the DTE Energy, fourth quarter and year end 2009 earnings conference call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Gerry Anderson. Please go ahead, sir.
Gerry Anderson: Well good morning and welcome to everybody and before I get started I want to remind you we have got a Safe Harbor statement that is on slide 2 of our materials. With me here this morning are Dave Meador, our Chief Financial Officer, Peter Oleksiak, our Vice President and controller, Nick Khouri, our treasurer and Lisa Muschong is our Director of Investor Relations. Moving onto slide 4 I am going to start the discussion this morning by recapping 2009 and in particular I want to look back on three priorities that we set out early last year that were key to our success and I think also are significant for this year. On slide 5, the first of those priorities had to do with regulatory strategy and I think you are all aware that 2009 was our first year active under the legislation that was passed in Michigan in 2008 and we had a number of key regulatory proceedings that we needed to work with Michigan Public Service Commission and specifically we put in place our renewable energy and energy optimization plans mid-year last year and as you will see later in the discussion both of those are now turning into significant investments areas for the company. We also worked on the Detroit Edison rate case across the year and early this year in January 2010 we finalized the rate case and have characterized that as a constructive outcome. We are also working our way through the MichCon rate case, we began work on that in the middle of the last year. We implemented rates January 1st and currently are working toward resolution of the case around mid-year and all signs are that that’s on track for a constructive outcome. Second priority that we set out last year had to do with continuous improvement in cost reductions and that proved to be really key last year. The goal we set out for the company was to sharply step up the pace of work on this to help deal with the economic crisis and the load loss that came with it. I think we've talked before about the fact that we targeted $130 million in cost savings in 2009 and looking back we achieved that and we were able to do that while actually driving our operating and reliability and safety metrics in the right direction, so that was a key last year and as you will see one of our goals this year is to build the momentum that we came out of 2009 with on the CI front. Finally, in terms of financial performance, the goal coming into last year was to preserve our financial strength and doing that to emerge from 2009 with the ability to focus again on growth. And I think you've seen from our earnings release that we brought 2009 in at $3.30 which was actually a 14% year-over-year growth versus 2008. And importantly, we exited the year with a strong balance sheet in place, actually stronger than we entered. I think that met our primary goal of preserving the company's strength and positioning it for success in 2010 and beyond. Slide six focuses on the regulatory structure that we have in Michigan and the left hand side of the slide really talks about how we entered last year. We had 11% of ROEs in place at both utilities and still do. Filing use rates had been passed in late 2008. Those were targeted at minimizing regulatory lag. They also had key tracking mechanisms in place for some of our more volatile costs, fuel and purchase power, electric choice, storm, line clearance and then as I just mentioned we had new provisions in place that targeted renewables and spending on energy optimization. We had evolution of the regulatory structure during 2010 and the middle column of this slide really addresses that. I think the most important new evolution is revenue decoupling. The whole goal here was to put in place a structure that removed any disincentive to fully work on energy efficiency and energy optimization and that was a joint goal between our company and the public service commission. That we have a decoupling structure now for Detroit Edison that was approved in the case that was finalized in January. Decoupling is included in the MichCon rate case filing and we expect decoupling to come through at MichCon as well. So that’s been an important evolution in the structure for the company this year. We also have an uncollectible tracker now at Detroit Edison that’s analogous to the one that we have at MichCon. There’s on 80-20 split which means that 80% of the uncollectible expense is covered by the tracker with 20% borne by us. We’ve been working on the whole area of uncollectibles with our regulators to address this in a creative way, in the right way and we think this tracker gives us the right incentives to do just that. So the net result of the evolution is described on this slide. I think its really laid out on slide 7 and that is that the perception of Michigan Regulation and its quality and in this case the ranking of where Michigan falls in terms of state utility regulatory environments has moved materially over the last couple of years from one of the lower tiers to one of the upper tiers or more constructive tiers. And that’s been positive for us but we know that maintaining a constructive regulatory relationship requires that we do our part. And one key way to do that is to focus on cost controls and making sure that rate increases are workable for customers. And that really moves us on to slide 8. I said earlier that cost reductions driven by continuous improvement were a key for us last year and you see the absolute O&M numbers 2008 and 2009 on the left hand side of the slide. In absolute terms we were down $65 million, that $65 million is a net of the $130 million reduction plan I mentioned earlier offset by increases in healthcare, pension those were the two largest offsets. But despite increases, a lot of companies saw in those costs we are able to log an absolute reduction in costs and that helped to mitigate both the unfavorable economic conditions and to help reduce future rate increases. Our focus on this is going to continue in 2010 as I’ll talk about in just few minutes. So I think we're exiting 2009 with a solid financial foundation in place and I think we're positioned to have another solid year in 2010. As you can see on the next slide, slide 9, our last year finished at $3.30 and our guidance, the right bar for 2010 is $3.35 to $3.75 and we are comfortable presently with the mid point of that range and assuming we hit the mid point, it would provide 7.5% growth year over year from 2009 to 2010 and if you look back a year further, it provides 11% compound annual growth from 2008 to the 2010 mid point. That growth is consistent with what we have been saying for years that we think we have the ability in the company to provide 5% to 6% long-term earnings per share growth at DTE. Our balance sheet also exited the year in solid condition. You can see on slide 10 that both of our key balance sheet metrics improved in 2009. On the top left, you can see that our leverage declined from 53% at year end ’08 to 51% at year end ’09 and you can see that our FFO to debt ratio improved from 23% in 2008 to 24% last year. Those moves in leverage and FFO were possible because we had strong pre cash flow generation of the company and that was really the result of having the whole company focused in 2009 on cash flow and the fact that we were pretty careful with our capital expenditures given the environment. Given the movement in our balance sheet, S&P recently revised our outlook from negative to stable. The negative came on really when the economic crisis emerged and they have seen fit to pull that off given the performance last year. In 2010, looking at the right bars of each of those bar charts, we expect to move our leverage down a bit further from 51% to 50% and maintain our FFO to debt at 24% which is really at the strong end of our range for FFO to debt given our debt ratings and our debt rating targets. As the bottom two bullets discuss, we do intend to fund cash flow and capital expenditures of the company with both debt and equity overtime. However, we don’t expect any public equity issuance in 2010. We are going to have some new shares, as we'll talk about it a bit later but we expect to do that within our pension plan, our direct plan and our employee benefit plans. We will discuss the details of that in a little bit. So I am going to move and now a recap of 2009 to a review of our priorities and performance in 2010. Slide 12 lays out the six priorities that we have described to the company for 2010 and I want to take just a minute on those to give you a sense for how we are thinking about the year. Top left is the first priority I want to discuss and that’s employee engagement and we're really focused on managing this is a top priority in every part of the company and well that may sound like a soft priority for the company, it really is not. The focus and the discipline of our employee base proved to be critical to our performance last year and our goal in 2010 is to maintain that focus and momentum and to build a product. So we really see that as a very important goal. Top right, customer satisfaction I have described is the top priority in the company in 2010. Our goal is to take a sharp step up in customer satisfaction and close half the gap between our current ranking in first quartile this year. We're not yet first quartile. We've told our leadership and our people we need to get there. We see driving customer satisfaction to first quartile and eventually first decile as one of the keys to keeping support for DTE Energy strong in Michigan again. So we are going to be after moving customer satisfaction north materially this year as the top priority in the company. I would say a close second to that is middle left which is continuous improvement and I’ve already said that this was very important last year. Our goal this year is to broaden and deepen our work on this effort and over time make this a distinctive capability at DTE within our industry. I think also that our work on this is key to keeping our rate increases manageable and along with our working customer services important to keeping support for DTE in Michigan strong. Middle right on the political and regulatory front, I've already said that I think we have constructive policies in place now in Michigan that were part of the 2008 legislative package. Our job this year is to do the work that's needed to maintain those constructive policies and the main ways to do that I've already discussed which is to focus on costs and customer service. We also need to keep our eye on policies in Washington DC although frankly a lot of the energy related work has slowed down significantly from what we might have expected six months ago. Bottom left, our fifth priority focuses on financial growth and value creation. We've described this to our people as resuming a sharp focus again on our ability to grow. We took a more conservative approach to this in 2009. As I've said earlier, the goal last year was to hold our own and exit the year in a position where we were ready to grow again this year. We are in a position to do that, both in our utilities and in our other business lines. I also think it is recognized that this is an important role that we can play in the state, both from an economic development perspective and from the perspective that this state right now needs Michigan headquartered companies that are growing, both within the state and across the region and across the country. So we believe we're in a position to do this and this is an important role we can play in the state. Final priority, the sixth is financial performance and that as stated is to resume a focus on steady earnings growth while keeping our balance sheet strong which leads me directly to slide 13. I'm going to focus on the right hand side of this chart, which really lays out the source of the financial growth and earnings growth. As you can see there is going to be a significant step up in capital investment at DTE, in the coming three years from 2010 to 2012 versus the prior three years 2007 to 2009. That growth in investment is driven primarily by the increase you see at Detroit Edison which is depicted in dark blue, where average investment or I guess the three year investment rises from $2.6 billion to roughly $3 billion to $3.5 billion which is a 15% to 30% increase for the period.  So the point here is that the scale and nature of the investments that we're taking out of the company does support the annual 5% to 6% earnings per share growth rate that we've been talking about and what I want to do in the next few slides is give you a feel for the nature of the investments that we're making, that are summarized on the right hand side of slide 13.  So moving on to slide 14, which discusses the investment agenda at Detroit Edison. Top left, 2010 is our first year of significant investments under the renewable portfolio standard here in Michigan. I mentioned that we put that in place in the middle of last year, we spent much of the second half of last year planning and beginning the contract, and this is the first year of significant investment for us. We plan to invest $300 million to $400 million in renewables over the next three years with a $100 million of that happening in 2010. Top right, we continue to make significant investments to meet clean air environmental requirements in our generation fleet. Much of that's happening at the Monroe Power Plant, our 3,000 megawatt coal plant that's pictured here. Over the next three years, we will spend $500 million to $600 million on this clean air compliance, $75 million of that in 2010. 2010 is really a in between year as we transition from two new scrubbers that we've completed at the plant to our next round of investments in scrubbers at the Monroe Power Plant.  Bottom left on this page, we're also making sizable investments in energy optimization. These are now mandated by the legislation passed in 2008. So, it's also something that we're anxious to work on because we think these are great investments to manage particularly residential affordability. Here in the State, we invest in commercial and industrial as well, but I think that we know that there are a lot of residential customers under pressure here. We're going to invest $100 million of capital over the next three years, $25 million in capital this year. The total investments will actually be above the $100 million but not all of it is capitalized.  Finally bottom right, all of the investments I just discussed in renewable and environmental and energy optimization are over and above our ongoing investments in base infrastructure, which will total $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion over the next three years. It's about $750 million a year.  We also believe we exited 2009 with some good investment opportunities in our other business lines and I'll use the next few slides to discuss that.  On slide 15, we discussed our gas, storage and pipelines business. Top left of slide 15; you can see that this is a business in which we've had a history of strong net income growth. We finished last year at $49 million in earnings, and as you can see from the first bullet under the bar chart there, we expect 2010 to be another year of earnings growth and we have guidance in this segment of $50 million to $55 million.  If you look longer term in this business line, we do expect to continue to see this growth pattern and that growth is really coming from three sources and they are all tied to the assets that we currently have in place. The first service of growth relates to the Vector Pipeline which runs from Chicago into our storage fields in Michigan. We continue to see opportunities to expand the Vector Pipeline. Those expansion opportunities are driven principally by changes in gas flow into Chicago and the Mid West from the Rockies and the mid-continent area, significant changes in gas flow which are benefiting the vector pipeline and our storage fields.  Second driver of growth is the millennium pipeline. I think you know we recently put that pipeline into operation and as luck would have it, that pipeline happens to overlay the Marcellus Shale, which has emerged as one of the truly large gas finds in North America and the world. I'd like to say we planned it that way. We really didn’t, but we are now seeing the Marcellus Shale as a significant driver of demand for the millennium pipeline and expansion of it because that Marcellus Shale gas needs to move on to markets in New York, Boston and the Northeast more generally and Millennium is in a position to play that role.  And than finally, we do see continued development of Michigan storage. Development in that storage is tied to markets that are served by both the Vector and the Millennium Pipeline. So we see end users in the Chicago and Wisconsin areas and in the northeast reaching back to Michigan for their storage needs, that’s really driven by the fact that Michigan has geology which makes storage expansion here either the most economic or among the most economic in the nation at this point.  Slide 16 provides an update on our power and industrial business. There are two primary areas of activity in this business. In the industrial business, this area is providing a strong uptick in earnings in 2010 and that’s coming because this business is benefiting from the broader recovery in the industrial sector that we're seeing across the country especially in the steel sector. You can see from the middle bullet on the industrial discussion that we’ve upped our operating earnings guidance in this segment to $60 million to $75 million. That’s up sharply from the overall P&I earnings last year of $35 million and the outlook that we provided in the fall of last year of $40 million to $50 million. And the increase is driven as I said by the broad industrial recovery, particularly the demand for coal and coke that we supply to steel facilities across the country.  The most significant area of investment near-term in the power and industrial business is in renewables on the bottom half of the page and the most significant investments here are coming from conversions that we're undertaking of smaller coal fire plants to waste wood generation. So just to give you a feel for this we have a plant in Wisconsin that we're currently completing a retrofit on that will take operational in 2010 to meet the Wisconsin RPS requirements. We reached an agreement to start retrofit of a similar facility in California this year. We expect to have that operational in a few years, we already operate similar plants in California and Louisiana and have two similar facilities currently under development. So, this conversion of coal plants to wood fired plants to meet state RPS requirements is a niche that we like and think we can both add value to and produce premium returns and it will be the principal area of new investment in this business line.  Last business that I want to comment on is our unconventional gas business. As we’ve described previously, this is a business where we have in the past developed and sold assets at healthy premiums. You may recall then in 2007, we monetized our Antrim shale assets for $1.2 billion and then in 2008 we followed that with a monetization of our core Barnett properties for $260 million and a very healthy IRR and monetizing assets in this segment is still our plan. We develop them and then monetize the assets when we feel the market provides a good condition to do that. Given that we focus more on asset values than we do on net income and I think the real news in this segment is on the left hand side of the slide, in particular on the top left bar chart there. You can see that our proven reserves have moved up 40% from 167 Bcf to 234 Bcf. Our overall reserves had moved up over 10% when you combine proved and probable. On the bottom left here, we know that you can and will do your own valuation. So we are simply trying to give some indication of what this increased improved reserves means from a financial perspective and you can see that when we combined our proved reserves valued at roughly a $1 to $2 in Mcf and our probables at $0.50 to $1, you end up with a valuation of 400 to 700. the point is only that we think we have significant value in these reserves that we will target monetizing when the market is right.  So just in terms of near-term plans, on the bottom right of the slide, we are going to continue to invest roughly $25 million a year and we will then monetize when the time is right with the goal being to fund other investments at DTE and offset the need to issue equity. So, in conclusion before I turn things over to Dave Meador, on slide 18 I think we were successful in meeting our goals in 2009 and posted a really solid year in a tough environment. We have got plans in place to achieve strong financial results in 2010. The regulatory structure in the state is constructive and we are focused on continuous improvement operational excellence and customer satisfaction to maintain that constructive environment. We do continue to see good investment opportunities in our non-utility segments and when you put that whole description together we think we have a plan that makes us confident, we can achieve the 5% to 6% earnings growth that we have been talking about for sometime. And with that I will turn things over to Dave Meador.
Dave Meador:  Thanks Gerry and good morning everybody. I will start on slide 20 where I will provide our 2010 operating earnings guidance. As you can see on the slide the total is $563 million to $633 million which is almost $600 million at midpoint which is 10% higher than our 2009 operating earnings of $543 million. Let me walk down this page starting with Detroit Edison’s guidance of $405 million to $435 million, as you know the rate case for Detroit Edison was completed in January and as Gerry outlined it included decoupling and a new bad debt tracker for Detroit Edison. Ongoing cost control will be an enabler for Detroit Edison reaching its goals as it will be for throughout the company. MichCon on the next line will step up its earnings from $80 million last year to $95 million to $105 million in earnings in 2010 and this is going to be driven by self-implemented rates in January. As Gerry talked through, the final case will be resolved in June and we expect this will also include decoupling for this utility. Additionally ongoing cost control will be a key enabler at MichCon. Gas storage and pipelines after a very strong year in 2009 is projected at $50 million to $55 million and this is driven by existing projects. Power and Industrial will see a significant increase in earnings as we just talked through to $60 million to $75 million in earnings driven by new projects coming on line as well as higher contribution from coal and coke sales to the steel industry. As you can see in 2009 column here, trading had a great year in 2009 earning $75 million and as we discussed that the October analyst meeting we expect trading in 2010 to return to a normal earnings level of $45 million to $55 million and the holding company after experiencing one time savings last year returns to normal expense levels of $85 million. So the total is almost $600 million at net point or $3.55 per share which is a 7.5% share increase over 2009. And this is with a projected 168.6 million shares outstanding and I will talk about equity issuances a little bit later. As we said last year, we positioned the company to return to growth at the end of the recession that’s exactly what we are doing. On slide 21 is a summary of Detroit Edison’s load for 2009 compared to 2008 and we also give you a projected variance to 2010. We believe the economy has troughed and we are seeing positive signs such as unemployment which has peaked and now is slightly improving. We know there will be a long tail on improvement here, but we are seeing improvement. While we are not directly exposed to the economy due to decoupling and trackers, we still keep our eye on the positive events and indicators and we are seeing them such as improvements in steel and vehicle production and new investments in Michigan like General Electrics announced $100 million investment in a new technology center that will eventually employ 1000 people with very well paying professional jobs. 2009’s load came in as expected and included some positive non-industrial recovery at the end of the year. For 2010 we are projecting a rebound in industrial load of 9% year-over-year and this is lead by the steel and auto sectors as we see them leading our way out of this recession. We are still planning conservatively and even though we are not dependant on the economic recovery, we are predicting a 1% sales increase in load year-over-year and that’s net of energy optimization and when we talk about energy optimization, that’s in Michigan what we call our energy efficiency program. If sales rebound at a higher level it will provide a direct benefit to our customers under decoupling. On slide 22, let me take you through some of the details for 2010 starting with Detroit Edison. For both utilities we're focused on achieving our authorized return on equity which is 11%. For Edison the guidance of a $405 million to $435 million includes the full year benefit of rate increases and normal weather after a cold summer last year. Going forward with decoupling, we will not be exposed to weather Detroit Edison as we have been in the past. Partially offsetting that will be higher benefit expense, incremental O&M related environmental projects and higher depreciation and then finally the other category here includes one time cost savings in 2009 which are not repeated in 2010 inflation and that’s partially offset by ongoing cost reductions. On slide 23, we'll shift MichCon and you'll see that MichCon is expected to return to full earnings power this year with earnings of $95 million to $105 million and that’s driven by the self-implementation of rates and ongoing cost control. We expect this rate case to be completed in June as we've mentioned. We also expect lower margins here due to conservation and customer comps and storage revenues. Ongoing continuous improvement work will partially offset higher benefit cost and other inflation and one time savings that we experienced in 2009. On slide 24 is our cash flow guidance. As Gerry laid out, the cash flows in 2009 were very strong. In 2010 cash will be down slightly due to one time tax savings in 2009 that won't be repeated and higher working capital requirements in energy trading. Capital spending will increase $300 million as we fund our growth plan here and I'll go over capital on the next slide. And then last, we will issue about $100 million of debt and $200 million in equity to support our growth plans. On slide 25, is the capital expanding summary, which shows we will spend $1.1 billion in the utilities and $300 million in our non-utilities in 2010. The total is 30% higher than 2009. At Detroit Edison, operational capital is up due to our automated meter reading project which we also anticipate receiving $80 million in a DOE grant for that program and also nuclear fuel cost is another driver in the operational capital. Environmental capital is down slightly as Jerry explained. We're shifting here as we continue our environment scrubbing at the remaining two units at Monroe. So the environmental capital is $75 million and then renewables and energy optimization ramps up significantly in 2010 with $125 million which leads to a total of $950 million for Detroit Edison. MichCon's operational capital will increase to $130 million, driven by pipeline integrity work and that will be offset by a reduction in expansion capital as a major lateral project was completed in 2009 at MichCon. For the non-utility businesses we're planning $200 million to $300 million in expenditures in the sister Gas Storage and Pipelines, the Power and Industrial Group and the unconventional gas group and this does include our Millennium Pipeline Equity infusion that we will make this year of $60 million. On slide 26, I just want to briefly cover our expected 2010 equity issuances. As we outlined, we successfully maintained our balance sheet strength in 2009 and we intend to keep our balance sheet strong as we move through the period of high utility capital investment. Our growth investments continue to outpace our depreciation and we expect to fund that growth with a mix of internally generated cash, debt and equity. For this year we'll continue our practice of issuing about $100 million in new shares to fund drift and our benefit plan. So we expect to issue another $100 million in equity into our pension plans which will improving our funding in our pension plans. The level of equity issuances that you see on the slide are in line with what we communicated at our last analysts meeting in October. So let me wrap up on slide 27 and then we'll be happy to take your questions. As you would expect, we are very pleased with both our results in 2009 and the guidance we're providing you for 2010. We've shown over the last 15 to 18 months that we can correctively manage in a difficult economy and we can deliver strong results. We said we wanted our balance sheet strong at the back end of the recession to resume growth and we are well positioned to the 5% to 6% annual growth which Gerry outlined. Both utilities have constructive regulatory structures and ongoing continuous improvement opportunities which will continue to enable us to deliver our authorized returns. The utility plans that we've laid out for you are driven by mandated investments that we have to make. They're not driven by the economy or load growth as it is in other territories and our non utilities have meaningful low risk growth opportunities which we will continue to invest in that provide diversity in earnings and geography. As we've talked about all last year, we've build our muscle around continuous improvement and we're going to continue to do that which will drive improvements in O&M, capital efficiency and customer satisfaction with a real focus on customer rates. And finally our dividend of $2.12 per share is attractive and when added to our earnings growth provides a very attractive total shareholder return. With that summary we'd be happy Elizabeth to take questions now.
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. (Operators Instructions). We'll take our first question from Greg Gordon with Morgan Stanley.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley:  Can you give us a little bit more detail around the assumptions with regard to the power industrial projects improvement? First what new projects are coming online and if you can give us some sense of what the underlying level of you think sort of ongoing earnings power is there and sort of what the potential drivers of volatility are there if we want to sort of look at milestones of the economy.
Gerry Anderson: So the real drivers to the increase this year was full utilization or near full utilization of the facilities to service steel industry. That’s the primary driver. We contracted our coke capacity and increased use of the coke capacity and that’s what took us up to the $60 million to $75 million. I guess the broadest way to talk about ongoing earnings power is do we feel comfortable at that level for example in 2011 and our take rate now is that we do think the earnings level at $60 million to $75 million is sustainable into 2011. There'll be some change in mix. We're going to have essentially 100% of our coke on long-term contracts in 2011, but we are going to see new projects coming in, so although the pricing in the long-term contracts will be somewhat lower than what we have termed up for this year, we're going to see backfilling of that by new projects coming online and so we expect the level to be sustainable in the next year.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: When you say, you have the coke output under long-term contract, what are the durations of those contracts approximately?
Gerry Anderson: So we've got a 100% this year under take up really now and we got 90% contract to that particular pay next year and the terms on those tend to go out in to the 2015 to 2017 time frame. So they are five, seven year contracts or longer I think in some cases.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: So you have some indemnified yourself from a potential future short-term pull back in steel capacity utilization because they are take or pay and they are for multiple years?
Gerry Anderson: Yes, they are take or pay both this year and those future contracts.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Paul Ridzon with Keybanc.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: What percent of your revenue requirement do you think is kind of covered by trackers or decoupling at this point?
Gerry Anderson: Well, I’m looking around the room here Paul for anybody who has a perfect number at their fingertips. I’m looking at Don Stanczak, Paul who is one of our regulatory folks here in the room, maybe he can try and if we don’t nail it right, we could get back to you later with a better answer.
Don Stanczak:  So you look at uncollectables for both utilities, Edison its base is about $66 million, Michigan its current base is $37 million, I think that will go to about $70 million when we get the final order in the rate case. Edison also has the restoration tracker, that’s about a $117 million and the volume clearance tracker that’s about $47 million and then we have decoupling for Edison and the choice tracker, those are harder to say what the base is because they are on revenue. There is not really a cost associated with them, but that sort of gives you a picture of how many of the dollars are covered by trackers. 
Gerry Anderson:  And of course we have fuel trackers at both…
Don Stanczak: It's very large and right from Michigan, the fuel tracker is far and away the biggest part of the revenue requirement for Edison, it's about a third of the revenue requirement. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: What do you view as the biggest determent to earning you authorized?
Gerry Anderson: Biggest challenge to earning it?
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: Yes. 
Gerry Anderson: I would say at this point we need to manage our cost picture. When you do, we need to bring our investments in as targeted and manage our cost picture, and Paul as I think about the structure that we have in place in Michigan now, we have a structure that has fair returns embedded and has good provisions for the timeliness of getting capital and to be earned on and I think the primary thing we need to deliver is very, very good cost management and excellent customer service. And if we deliver those two and I mean, we got our people focused manically on those two, because I think it is those two that will continue to earn you constructive regulatory support and if you let those things fall away, you'll loose some of that constructive support as you should. So I think the primary things we need to deliver is really good cost control and good customer service and then we need to manage the regulatory process of filling new cases and working those through with the public service commission in a sensible way too as we bring new capital on line and new investments online.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc:   As you look out over the next couple of years at the equity needs, I mean between your DRIP programs and potential asset sales, do you envision coming to market with a secondary and then just as a follow-up on that, besides Barnett, where do you see the monetization opportunities?
Gerry Anderson:   So I think another way to ask your question is, if we were successful with the significant monetization, could we get through the next few years like we do this year using pension plans and DRIP programs. I think the answer is if we're successful with monetization, the answer is yes, we could. And if we don’t strike monetization we'll probably be doing something in addition to those. So our goal obviously is to find the right time to monetize and use that to offset equity requirements. We haven’t talked about any other monetization opportunities. There are some things we're thinking about here in the company, but I don’t think we're willing to be public with them at this point.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc:   And just one last question on the biomass, is there a pipeline there?
Gerry Anderson: Of projects?
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc:   Yes, opportunities or…
Gerry Anderson:   Yes, we've got two in operation and two in the works to bring into operation and I would say there are two more that we're working on that are very analogues that I do see a pipeline. These investments tend to be in the $50 million to $100 million of total capital from us, so they are meaningful but not overly large and we like the feel of the mix of our skills, these are conversions to coal plants which we know well, they involve both material handling, which we know well and relationships with utilities, we are trying to meet their RPS requirements, we also know that process well, so they seem to be a nice niche for us and yes we do see the ability to keep adding one or two of these a year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Leon Dubov with Catapult Capital.
Leon Dubov - Catapult Capital: Could you break up for us the non-utility CapEx, the $300 million guidance for 2010 between the various businesses?
Dave Meador:  Historically, it would be about a $100 million a piece, but because of gas prices we pulled back on Barnett the $25 million to $30 million range, so if you want to reverse this, just say $25 million to $30 million for Barnett and half and half for the other two.
Leon Dubov - Catapult Capital: Also just on P&I, given that it was kind of the biggest driver of the guidance coming up, could you give us a little bit of a sensitivity as to how to look at, I know you said you are close to 100% contracted this year, but is there anything that could change there to kind of swing guidance even further up or maybe down somewhat from that business?
Gerry Anderson: We don’t feel like there is a lot of downward exposure to the range we have discussed and I suppose if we were more successful than we thought in bringing some new things online, it might add to the range but we are comfortable with the guidance we provided right now.
Leon Dubov - Catapult Capital: So are there still coke batteries that are not online?
Gerry Anderson: No, our capacity this year is sold out. We've some capacity available to be sold next year, but 10% of it, but this year we’ve contracted up.
Leon Dubov - Catapult Capital: Do you think we could see a material change in pricing for that uncontracted 10% versus what you're getting on the rest of the fleet for next year?
Gerry Anderson: Right now, we see that uncontracted 10% as an opportunity because the short-term prices, our spot prices are significantly stronger than the long-term prices, so that may be an opportunity for us to place that with some upside.
Operator: Next we will go to Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I wanted to ask you about your FFO to debt goals now. As I recall it was around 20% to 22% for 2010, 2012 and now it looks like for 2010 you are going to be above that. Has there been a change in your goal here? Is it just that that you're doing better than expected or how should we think about that?
Nick Khouri: As you said we're focusing on cash flow metrics of FFO to debt. We're targeting now as we show here, as we define it here about 24%. That as Jerry said in his comments above the top of our range, so we're looking at somewhere between 22% and 24% moving forward and past 2010.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So it's at the high end of the range, does that suggest perhaps that you guys have more deck capacity that you're now looking at in terms of going forward?
Nick Khouri: Well, as Jerry said, after 2010, you will see a step up in some of the capital at Detroit Edison for both environmental and renewable, so as we leave 2010 we want too make sure the balance sheet is in a good shape to support that.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: In terms of the continuous improvement, how much is there? You guys have done very impressively in that area. How should we think about that and what opportunities you might have in the future? Is this sort of a gift that keeps on giving or is there some limit to it?
Gerry Anderson: What is see there, Paul, is that people will think about cost reductions as asymptotic meaning you know you do it for a while and then it just gets harder and you know the opportunities are gone. That’s the wrong way to think about it, I don’t think that’s true. I will tell you what we are asking through our budgeting process, where people are in the first quartile in terms of the cost structure when we benchmark them versus the industry, we are asking them to absorb inflation. That’s in most cases, people are stepping up and doing that. In other cases, where we are not in first quartile, we are asking them to absorb inflation and move towards the benchmarks and that’s just a way for us to drive ongoing productivity. And then with that we see other cost elements that you really can’t work this on in quite the same way, so pension costs for example are volatile and depend on market returns. We are seeing some new costs like the operation of scrubbers and SCRs come into our cost structure and so forth, but that’s the general philosophy. We are working with this to keep the right level of tension and pressure in the organization. And in the end, it’s really targeted at trying to manage rate increases.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Right. So I mean are you looking at let’s say CapEx that’s allowing you to lower the operational costs or is this just I mean keep on finding more and more efficiencies in the existing business that just I guess keep on showing up, how should we think of those two?
Gerry Anderson: I think there are three categories that we're working, one would be pure operational efficiencies that have either no or modest capital investment. Second, we are looking for investments that drive cost reductions to customers, so for example, not unique to us, but people found ways to expand capacity of their nuclear plants materially reduces our purchase power cost to customers, if we find those opportunities we're going to jump on them. And then the third is the work on continuous improvement in our capital expenditure itself because we all know what drives -- our principal driver of rates over the next 5 years in the industry is capital investments. We have plenty of capital investments, but we’re really trying to make it more efficient and minimize the capital investments as much as possible to keep the rate increases as low as possible and we are finding opportunities inside those projects to drive efficiencies and deliver the same results, but at lower capital investments.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Then finally the monetization of the gas properties, you mentioned a favorable commodity environment, I guess from hearing your comments to Paul Ridzon, you guys feel the commodity market right now is still favorable when you look out on the forward curve and what have you? 
Gerry Anderson: I guess my comment on this would be that we have seen some sales of assets at favorable valuations in recent months, but if you were to follow on the question and say, well, are you guys working on something right now related to the Barnett asset monetization, the answer is no, we aren’t. We're going to continue to evaluate the environment. We do think it will provide opportunities for good monetizations down there, but there's nothing eminent.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, and then the corporate and others seem to be a little bit higher than what guys expected in 2009 and it looks like it's a little bit higher than what you guys had expected for 2010. Any long-term plan we should be thinking about there?
Peter Oleksiak:  Yeah, for the guidance, this is Peter Oleksiak, we did make a contribution to our DTE Energy foundation, that’s really the change between the last guidance and the actual results, and actually from on going, we do see a step-up, there was a realignment change. It was related to when we made the purchase in MCN and MichCon. There were some legacy costs related to some of the expense around that, we hold that to the holding company, really wasn't part of our rate structure in MichCon. It's really kind of get a pure utility, we realign those costs, so, we are not expecting to see any change from that, it's mainly debt at that holding company as well as those purchase accounting related expense. 
Operator: We'll next go to Mark Siegel with Canaccord Adams.
Mark Siegel - Canaccord Adams: I was just wondering if you could provide a status update on your AMI deployment and perhaps how you see that project progressing in 2010 and then lastly, when you might expect to get clarity on the DOE grant award.
Gerry Anderson: Couple of comments, last year was really a year for us to pilot the technology that we shows in two phases and we’ve been working our way through those pilots to troubleshoot the technology and find any trips and implementation that we want to know about before we do this at larger scale. The other development last year was the one you pointed to which was the DOE grant which we will match 50-50, we had I think an $89 million grant from the DOE that will be a significant source of funding for AMI work over the next few years. I think you know that in the industry, the DOE has been working its way through a couple of large initial grant recipients and our discussion with some of those folks says that that process is moving its way towards completion or is near completion now. We expect to be in the next tranche of people that they will work with on trying to bring the grant resolutions. So we’d expect to be working with the DOE late this winter and into the spring trying to finalize that and hope to come out of that process late in the spring or middle of the year where it began implementation. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the Yiktat Fung with Zimmer Lucas Partners. 
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: I just would like to clarify the renewals projects of the power industrial segment. These quoted with conversions; can you just give us a sense of their magnitude?
Gerry Anderson: You mean in megawatts or dollars?
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners : Can you give me both and basically also the capital expenditures related to them and the earnings pick up from them?
Gerry Anderson: Sure. So, I’ll just give you rough figures. The play out in the 25 to 100 megawatt range, so there tends to be smaller coup lands that were built by municipalities or utilities that either are no longer efficient for coal use or people are beginning to look at for carbon reductions down the road, and repair those off with states that have RPS requirements, we usually can deliver these at a favorable price compared to other renewable plus they are 24/7 power as opposed to intermittent, and in terms of capital investments, they’ve also been in the $25 to $100 million range. Typically we’re using a fair amount of the infrastructure at the facility but have to modify the boiler and the fuel feed mechanisms to do the conversion. Does that answer the question?
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners :   Yes, do you get tax incentives for investing in these projects?
Gerry Anderson:   Yes, we get incentives just like you do for other renewables, so there is a closer biomass instead of that’s out there, that’s analogous to what you would get for landfill gas.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners :   And is it an upfront cash return from the government or is it kind of like the PGC that you get over time?
Gerry Anderson:   So that you can with the provisions over past you can choose it either way and from an MPV perspective or value perspective it’s a toss up.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners :   And what kind of returns you target on these projects?
Gerry Anderson:   So, I’ll be in two specific of the projects since we discuss and negotiate with people on the other side. Our goal in this segment is been to have depending on the rich profile of projects to have after-tax returns on total capital in the 10% to 15% range.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners :   And just going back to financing needs, I think during your analyst day, one of your slides highlighted that from 2010 to 2012 you expect to have somewhere around $600 to $800 million of cash coming in from equity and other items? Is that guidance still true given you strong FFO to the metrics in 2009 and your expected metrics 2010?
Gerry Anderson: I’ll put this back to Nick Khouri, our treasurer. 
Nick Khouri:  We did say at the analyst meeting that somewhere between $600 and $800 million of either equity assurance or monetization, that guidance still holds true as Jerry said will, we’ll have to see how both internal cash and monetization play out over the next few years and certainly as Dave said, the $200 million we’re targeting next year is consistent with that.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners :  And what credit rating does the company target?
Nick Khouri: Solid BBB at the unsecure debt level for all three agencies and as you know we’re there for Moody’s and Fitch and we are looking for an upgraded S&P.
Operator: Our last question will come from Daniele Seitz with Dudak Research.
Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research:  Just this one I think, are you recovering dramatically all of the expenditures, environmental and renewable expenditures at Detroit. As you’re saying or do you have to file for ratings we see?
Gerry Anderson:  So when you say renewable and environmental …
Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research:  On the Detroit Edison side yes. 
Gerry Anderson:  So the investments that we make on our forward generation fleet discover [ph] SCR, mercury controls, those are recovered through the normal reprocess. The renewables are covered differently; they have their own funding source. So you may recall that there was a surcharge that was actually implemented last year for renewables just to give you a feel for it, at the residential level its $3 a month per customer and that is going to be a flat surcharge for the duration of the program. So the rate increases associated with renewables are done. So the customers have seen it and what we do then is we use the funds that come in to finance the investments and the renewables over time.
Danielle Seitz - Dudad Research: And are you also getting revenues from the -- I mean the lower demand or 1% that your hope to achieve?
Gerry Anderson: Yes, so similar to the renewables there's a separate surcharge for the, we call it energy optimization here. Other states call it (inaudible) management or energy efficiency but there's a separate energy optimization surcharge that would also have its own revenue stream which we use to fund both the capital that goes into this program and there is a significant push in its expenses that are expensed annually and the surcharge covers those.
Danielle Seitz - Dudad Research: So if you have to put these three together, is this almost a flat sort of surcharge, there is no increases going on or do you anticipate that these revenues will grow with time?
Gerry Anderson: So the renewables is flat. That’s the larger of the two. The energy optimization, we have the majority of the fees being collected now but we will some increases in the future although its modest, I think on residential bills which might be $0.50 a bill sort of increase. So the majority if you were to look at the renewals and energy optimization combined, the vast majority are in place. We will see a little bit of increase or energy optimization in future.
Dave Meador: And then environmental. You would ask do we have a tracker or mechanism in place. We don’t but we have a long history of getting a 100% recovery in rates and we have our file and implement structure now in Michigan and if you look at Detroit Edison, their environmental expenditures will be the reason for us to be in regular rate cases and will be the fundamental driver of rates going forward.
Danielle Seitz - Dudad Research: I was wondering how long you could stay without going back especially if you're expanding your CapEx. It seems that you can stay away for at least two years as long as you get all the 0:00:38.9. Is that about what you're looking at?
Gerry Anderson: So in terms of the timing and the rate case, this is Detroit Edison, Michigan still playing very currently. 
Danielle Seitz - Dudad Research: Right.
Gerry Anderson: We have not determined a date where we will go back for the next rate case. We're still evaluating the current rate case, which is fairly recent and other factors that impact us and I think when we determine that, we'll be out and communicate that. I would say the primary driver now is new capital being brought in where as we laid out, we've got significant expenditures, particularly when you set aside the energy optimization renewables which have their own stream. They tend to be in the clean air emission and the base capital, and it's really a combination of those two that would drive timing.
Operator: And with no questions remaining, I would like to turn the call back over to your presenters for any additional or any closing remarks.
Dave Meador: I wanted to thank everybody for joining us again today. As we've said in our comments, we are very pleased with our results last year and also what we have outlined for you in 2010 and we look forward to providing periodic updates during the year. Thanks again.
Operator: Once again that does concludes today's conference call and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dave Meador – Chief Financial Officer Peter Oleksiak - Vice President and Controller Nick Khouri - Vice President and Treasurer Lisa Muschong - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts:
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to the DTE Energy Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. At this time I’d like to turn the conference over to David Meador.
Dave Meador: Good morning and welcome to our third quarter conference call. As we get started I encourage you to read the Safe Harbor statement on page two including the reference to forward looking statements. We will out at EEI on Sunday through Tuesday with Tony Early so we’d like to focus this call on our third quarter. With me this morning are Peter Oleksiak our Vice President and Controller; Nick Khouri our Vice President and Treasurer, Lisa Muschong our Director of Investor Relations and I also have members of the management team with me that I might call on during the Q&A period.  Let me start the call on slide five. The third quarter came in right where we expected it to and supports the revised guidance that we just provided at our October 19 analyst meeting. The utilities are performing well in a weak economy and we do expect both utilities to return to their full earnings power next year. The non-utility performance remains on track with the Trading Company having a great nine months. The Power & Industrial group expected to have a very strong fourth quarter. The favorability at the holding company is driven by one time tax benefits and we covered that at the analyst meeting. The balance sheet remains strong with both year to date and forecasted 2009 cash flows which shows significant improvements over 2008. Our metrics are right where we want them to be and we have $1.7 billion in available liquidity. On slide six is a comparison of the year to date results of $427 million or $2.61 a share compared to the revised guidance of $523 to $558 million which we provided at the analyst meeting. The year to date results came in as expected and when coupled with our fourth quarter forecast support the guidance of $3.20 to $3.40 per share for the year. With that background let me turn it over to Peter who will take you through the quarter.
Peter Oleksiak: Let’s start with slide eight and the third quarter earnings per share by segment. For the quarter, DTE’s operating earnings per share was $0.95. As a reminder there’s a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings contained in the appendix of the presentation. Detroit Edison contributed $0.95 and MichCon which typically incurs an operating loss in the third quarter came in at a loss of $0.14. The non-utility segments combined to earn $0.15 on the quarter. The individual segment results within the non-utility businesses are Gas Midstream at $0.08, Power & Industrial at $0.04, Energy Trading contributing $0.04, and Unconventional Gas Production at $0.01 loss. Corporate and other also had a loss of $0.01 in the quarter. Let’s move to slide nine and a summary of the quarter over quarter performance by segment. Overall, operating earnings are down $16 million for the third quarter 2009. Detroit Edison earnings are essentially flat while MichCon is down $10 million from the third quarter of last year. We’ll go into more detail on the two utilities in a few moments. Our non-utility segments are down $31 million in total. Gas Midstream is up $2 million due to higher pipeline income. Lower gas prices in 2009 are driving a $5 million decrease in earnings in the unconventional gas production segment. Power & Industrial projects are down $17 million primarily due to lower co-production as a result of the slowdown in the steel sector. This segment also benefited from a holding company true-up related to Synfuel per season 2008 which is causing a year over year variance. Energy trading had a quarter over quarter earnings decline of $11 million primarily due to lower realized gains in 2009. Year to date economic net income at Energy Trading is comparable with last year and we actually included a page in the appendix of the presentation that shows that. Finally, our Corporate and Other segment is $28 million favorable due to some one time related tax benefits in 2009 as Dave mentioned and a true-up I just mentioned with the Power & Industrial projects in 2008. Now I’d like to take you through some quarterly details of the utility companies beginning with Detroit Edison on slide 10. Operating earnings for Detroit Edison is $156 million down slightly from the prior year. Margin for the quarter is down $47 million before rate increases driven by the significant drop in temperature normal sales and a cool summer.  Additionally, O&M expenses is up $5 million due to higher employee benefit costs and the timing of power plant maintenance and restoration expense within the year, partially offset by our continuous improvement initiatives. As I mentioned on the first or second quarter call, the year over year O&M savings will be front end loaded given the fact that we started these cost reduction efforts in the second half of last year. Rate increases overall contributed $59 million quarter over quarter. Turning to page 11, we’ve included quarter over quarter and year to date details on our temperature normal electric sales. In the third quarter we experienced a quarter over quarter sales drop of 7% which was larger then our original projections for the year. This was driven mainly by reductions in industrial load which we anticipate will improve in the fourth quarter.  Actually when you look at the third quarter of this year compared to the second quarter we’ve actually experienced a 6% increase in industrial load. The year over year drop in our industrial load is not projected to be 22% versus the 15% embedded in our original guidance. Those reductions in the commercial and residential segments are now forecasted at -2% and -3% versus the -5% and -1% embedded in our original projections. In total, our current projection for the year is temperature normal sales drop of 7% to 8%. Moving on to page 12 and a review of MichCon’s performance. As I mentioned earlier, the third quarter is typically a loss in the seasonal gas utility business. MichCon had an operating loss of $23 million, $10 million unfavorable compared to the prior year. This is primarily due to higher employee benefit costs, partially offset by our continuous improvement initiatives. Additionally, there is an increased depreciation and interest in 2009 and a tax refund benefit in the third quarter of last year. This concludes my comments on the third quarter earnings results. Now I’d like to turn the discussion over to Nick Khouri who will cover cash flow and capital expenditures.
Nick Khouri: As always, improved cash flow and balance sheet strength remained a key priority for management and the Board of Directors. This year, even in the face of a weak local economy, DTE’s cash flow and balance sheet health improved significantly from 2008. Page 14 details cash flow and capital for the first three quarters of 2009. Cash from operations reached $1.7 billion through October while free cash flow before dividends was $900 million, far exceeding the -$400 million of free cash flow last year at this time. Year over year improvement was reflected in almost every business line including working capital improvements of both MichCon and Detroit Edison, increased net cash at the non-utility businesses and lower parent company taxes. As a result, outstanding net debt was approximately $600 million lower at the end of the third quarter this year compared to 2008. We are expecting a flat fourth quarter for operating cash, reflecting year end cash requirements and normal seasonality. Year end balance sheet metrics are expected to fall well within our targets of 50% to 52% leverage and approximately 20% cash flow to debt. Capital expenditure detail is shown on page 15. DTE capital spending totaled $840 million through the third quarter, down about 20% from last year. Detroit Edison’s total capital was about flat with lower environmental spending offsetting higher operational capital. MichCon’s year over year capital decline is due to last year’s completion of our major expansion project.  On the non-utility side capital in our unconventional gas drilling is down about $60 million from last year reflecting current market conditions. For the full year, DTE capital is on track to reach about $1.15 billion about a 20% decline year over year from 2008. Even in the face of the soft local economy DTE’s cash and balance sheet targets are exceeding 2008 and exceeding our original expectations for the year. Now let me turn it back over to Dave to wrap up.
Dave Meador: Let me wrap up on slide 17. Our regulated growth plan is built on a very constructive regulatory relationship and a fair framework which will enable the utilities to consistently earn their authorized return on equity of 11%. The non-utility businesses have abundant investment opportunities which provide a premium return to the utility investments and offer diversification of earnings from both and earnings driver and a geography standpoint. Earlier this year we laid out our plans for earnings, cash flow and our balance sheet knowing that the environment would be tough and we’re exceeding all of those financial goals. At the same time we’re improving on all operational and customer service metrics. Our growth opportunities are well supported by a strong balance sheet, ample liquidity, and an attractive dividend. In terms of some upcoming events, as I mentioned, we will be at EEI next week. The week after that, we have a European non-deal road show that Tony and Nick will be on. A couple of other upcoming events, on the MichCon rate case, staff files on November 12 and our self implementation filing is on November 25.  On the Detroit Edison rate case we expect the ALJ ruling on November 13 and then that case will play out in mid January. Our expectation on that case is that the order will include at least $280 million of value including a bad debt tracker and decoupling. When that order comes out in January we will analyze it and get a reconciliation out to your as soon as possible. That wraps up this call and we can open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) As there are no questions, at this time I’d like to turn the conference back to David Meador for closing remarks or additional comments.
David Meador: I get a sense just coming off our analyst meeting where we spent a good portion of the day with a very large group of investors, and the fact that we will be at EEI starting Sunday night I can understand the fact that there would be very little questions. We look forward to seeing everybody in Florida starting Sunday evening. We have a dinner with the group and we’re all looking forward to being down there.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Dave Meador – Chief Financial Officer Peter Oleksiak - Vice President and Controller Nick Khouri - Vice President and Treasurer Lisa Muschong - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Neil Stein – Levin Capital Mark Siegel – Canaccord Adams Danielle Seitz - Dudack Research Group
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to the DTE Energy Second Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. At this time it is my pleasure to introduce Mr. David Meador.
Dave Meador: Good morning and welcome to our second quarter conference call. As we get start out this morning I encourage you to read the Safe Harbor statement on slide two of our Power Point deck, including the reference to forward looking statements. With me this morning are Peter Oleksiak our Vice President and Controller; Nick Khouri our Vice President and Treasurer and Lisa Muschong our Director of Investor Relations. I also have members of the management team on hand and might call on them during the question and answer period. This morning I’m going to provide a brief overview and then Peter will cover the quarterly results and Nick will cover cash flow, the balance sheet and capital. With that background let me start on slide five. When we provided guidance for the year back in February we laid out our 2009 financial goals. They were based on what we believe to be realistic assumptions regarding the economy and electric demand and that we had built in flexibility to address economic uncertainties. We also said that we would make significant company wide cost reductions using our continuous improvement approach, we would implement a mid year rate increase at Detroit Edison and deliver solid non-utility performance. Our over arching goal was to preserve solid earnings and provide strong cash flows and balance sheet metrics in 2009. Building on the first quarter results I’m pleased to report that we are executing on our plan and overall our 2009 earnings and cash flows are strongly on track to reach our goals. Continuing with many years of cost reductions at DTE we’re doing a great job here in driving continuous improvement across the company. We’re involving all of our employees at all levels and we’re ensuring that we don’t compromise on reliability, customer satisfaction, or safety. As a matter of fact, if you looked at utility operation O&M for the first six months of the year and compared it to the first six months of 2008 we’re down year over year by $111 million in costs, although some of this is timing and will reverse out during the year. As we said earlier in the year, we believe our plans were conservative but we also needed to build in flexibility. We have taken steps to build that flexibility through one time actions to help offset sales impacts where we see declines beyond the 6% low drop we had originally forecasted. We are now forecasting about an 8% low decline for 2009 and we have offset that incremental decline with proactive one time cost reductions. Our targeted O&M reduction is now $130 million pre-tax and savings and there are some additional non-O&M savings that Peter will cover in more detail in a moment. Detroit Edison’s self implemented rates this week were $280 million. Three of the main components which is just part of the original filing that we had made of this increase represent reduction in electric load, higher benefit expenses and bad debt expense, which by themselves equal about 100% of the implementation that we did, that is just by coincidence and I’m just trying to emphasize some of the main components of the filing that we made. As we work through the case we remain optimistic that we will have a good outcome. Its important to note that this rate increase will be more than offset by a PSCR reduction of about $300 million that will go in place tomorrow, August 1st. On a positive note, the automotive bankruptcies were quick and had minimal direct impact on DTE. On our first quarter call we had estimated that the rage of receivable exposure to be in the $26 to $42 million range after tax. Today it looks like that’s about $11 to $14 million with $9 million recognized in this quarter in reported earnings. Another positive result is the performance of our energy trading group where earnings are $67 million year to date and offsetting some of that good news is ongoing pressure at our Power & Industrial group due to the downturn of the steel industry where this has impacted our coke battery volumes directly. While we’re starting to see signs of increased coke demand this group will deliver less than its full earnings power until the steel industry recovers. While small, our unconventional gas group’s earnings is off slightly due to the price of natural gas. As I said earlier, cash and balance sheet goals are key to us during the recession and we had another strong quarter in cash flows and took actions to increase and firm up our liquidity. While we’re delivering solid earnings and maintaining strong cash flows we’re investing in the business. We will invest about $950 million in our two utilities this year and $200 million in our non-utilities. On slide six is a quick run down on guidance for the year. It’s still very early and while we’re seeing some positive like the performance in Energy Trading, we have some offsets like reduced electric load and mild weather to keep our eye on. That said, we’re holding our guidance at $2.75 to $3.05 per share and our average shares outstanding are 164 million shares. Let me walk down this page quickly. While we’re experiencing higher load loss then originally forecast at Edison, that is being offset with continuous improvement in one time cost reductions. The projected earning for Detroit Edison are solidly within the guidance range and I’ll cover Edison in more detail on the next page.  MichCon is in the last year of its rate freeze from a prior settlement agreement and is under pressure due to the economy. We filed for a case for MichCon in June for $193 million and we will self-implement a rate increase for this business in January 2010. Given the economic pressures, MichCon is trending towards the low end of guidance. Gas Midstream is having another good year and is on track to deliver a very solid performance this year. As I mentioned, Power & Industrial is under pressure primarily due to the steel industry. Year to date performance has been low, however, we have several new projects that will provide earnings in the second half of the year and we are comfortable that the group will get to its lower end of the guidance. I’ll talk more about energy trading in a moment. The total guidance is $445 to $505 million and we’re on track with a very solid six months now behind us. On slide seven is an overview of Detroit Edison on a year over year basis. The year is playing out as we described it would in February. Looking left to right the economy has impacted Edison with sales reduction of about $125 million and that’s higher then what we originally gave you when we forecast the 6% low drop. Additional pressure comes from higher pension and healthcare costs, interest expense and other expenses. Partially offsetting those pressures is the full year benefit of the 2008 rate orders and our ongoing O&M reduction which are about $50 million at Detroit Edison. Mild weather is adding to that pressure and that’s continuing in July here. Also driving positive earnings is our one time cost reduction efforts like property tax reductions, employee benefits plan changes, and other non-sustainable cost reductions. Then last on this chart is the 2009 benefit of the electric rate that were self-implemented this week. On slide eight is an overview of Energy Trading. Our expectation for this business is to earn about $50 million a year and to generate about the same amount of cash flows which they have done consistently year in, year out. We managed the business based on economic profits, knowing that the recognition of accounting earnings can be timed differently.  Last year the trading company team had a strong economic year and we said some of those profits would roll on this year and over the next couple years. This year’s year to date economic profit is also strong and is in line with 2008 and the team there is doing a great job. Accounting earnings year to date are $67 million which includes some of the roll on from last year’s economic profit and a one time tax benefit of $7 million.  In accomplishing these earnings, our business model and our risk model has not changed from prior years. We’re projecting that Trading earnings will exceed guidance by at least $20 million and that will offset some of the performance pressures at MichCon and the Power & Industrial segment that I just described. With that background let me turn it over to Peter and he’ll take you through the quarter.
Peter Oleksiak: I’m going to start with slide 10 and the second quarters earnings results. For the quarter, DTE’s operating earnings per share was $0.56. As a reminder there is a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings contained in the appendix of the presentation. Detroit Edison contributed $0.50 and MichCon, which typically incurs an operating loss in the quarter, came in at a $0.09 loss.  The non-Utility segments combined to earning $0.20. The primary drivers in the non-Utility second quarter results were Energy Trading at $0.16, Gas Midstream at $0.06, and the Power & Industrial Projects and Unconventional Gas Production at a $0.01 loss. Finally, Corporate and Other had a loss of $0.05 in the quarter. Let’s move on to slide 11 and a summary of the quarter over quarter performance by segment. Overall, operating earnings are up $66 million in the second quarter of 2009. Detroit Edison Earnings were up sizably in the quarter while MichCon results were down from the prior year. I’ll take you through additional detail on the two utilities in a few moments. Non-utility segments were up $39 million in total with Gas Midstream up $2 million due to higher pipeline income. Power & Industrial projects are up $5 million; this is due primarily to a depreciation true up on held for sale projects in 2008, partially offset by lower coke sales as of the result of slowdown in the steel sector. Energy Trading had a quarter over quarter earnings increase as the result of unfavorable mark to market accounting timing in 2008 and favorable taxes in 2009. As Dave mentioned earlier, year to date economic net income is comparable with last year. Lower gas prices drove a $5 million decrease in earnings in Unconventional Gas production segment, as volumes were pretty comparable quarter over quarter. Finally, our Corporate & Other segment was slightly unfavorable. Now I’d like to go through some quarterly details of the utility company beginning with Detroit Edison on slide 12. Operating earnings for Detroit Edison was $83 million up $32 million from the prior year. Total margin for the quarter was down $22 million due to the drop in load and weather offset partially by the implementation of the December 2008 rate order. Additionally, O&M expense was lower as the result of a series of continuous improvement initiatives, one time cost reduction actions and the timing of power plant maintenance and restoration expenses. I’ll be discussing total utility O&M year over year in more detail in an upcoming slide. In addition to O&M reduction, Edison also benefited in the quarter from a favorable property tax settlement. Let’s turn to page 13 for quarter over quarter and year to date details on our temperature normal electric sales. In the second quarter we experienced a year over year sales drop of 9% which is larger than anticipated. This was driven mainly by the reductions in industrial load which we anticipate will continue through the remaining two quarters. Therefore we are now projecting a total sales drop of 8% this year versus our original projection of 6%. The year over year drop in our industrial load is now projected at 23% versus the 15% embedded in the 6% original guidance. Load reductions in the commercial and residential segments are now forecast at negative 3% and negative 4% versus the negative 5% and negative 1% in prior guidance. Moving on to page 14 and a review of MichCon’s performance. As I mentioned earlier, the second quarter is typically a loss in a seasonal gas utility business. MichCon had an operating loss of $15 million down $4 million from the prior year primarily due to the economy’s impact on residential demand, industrial transportation and gas. Similar to Detroit Edison, O&M expense was reduced as the result of continuous improvement initiatives and other one time cost reduction actions. On page 15 is a view of total utility O&M expense year over year. This slide represents the total Edison and MichCon O&M expense excluding bad debt and spending in our energy optimization. We thought it would be helpful to provide the absolute O&M spending levels for 2008 actual and the 2009 projection. In the past we’ve given you the target of continuous improvement reductions for the year only. This chart puts the pieces together for the entire year. On a pre-tax basis we are now forecasting a $65 million reduction across the two utilities with $100 million of reduction related to the continuous improvement and $30 million tied to one time cost reductions, partially offset by $65 million of increased expense related to healthcare and pensions. As a note, our June year to date utility O&M favorability is larger than this, approximately $110 million which includes approximately $55 million of timing of distribution and plant maintenance expenses that will reverse in the second half of the year. As I mentioned on the first quarter call, the year over year savings will be front end loaded given the fact that we started these cost reduction efforts in the second half of last year. Earlier, Dave covered Detroit Edison’s total earnings year over year. To help connect the two slides we have provided a table which gives you both the pre-tax and after-tax numbers tied to Detroit Edison and MichCon’s continuous improvement savings, one time savings, as well as the pension and healthcare offset. Not included on the slide are other non-O&M one time cost reductions that impact other income state line items such as property tax. This concludes my comments on the second quarter earnings results. With that I’d like to turn the discussion over to Nick Khouri who will cover cash flow and capital expenditures.
Nick Khouri: As always, improved cash flow and balance sheet strength remains a key priority for management and the board of directors. While the economy and financial markets remain unpredictable, DTE’s cash and capital targets remain on track. Underlying cash has been strong so far this year and we have secured sufficient liquidity to manage under a variety of scenarios. Page 17 details capital and cash flow for the first six months of 2009. Cash from operations reached $1.3 billion through June, while free cash flow before dividends was a positive $700 million. That’s slightly behind last year but remember last year we saw a large intra-year swings from the phase out of synfuels, with a large cash buildup in the first half of the year, offset by negative cash in the second half. For the full year, we expect free cash flow to flip from a negative $200 million in 2008 to a positive $200 million in 2009. Balance sheet metrics are expected to remain within our targets of 50% to 52% leverage and approximately 20% FFO to debt.  Capital expenditure detail is shown on page 18. DTE capital spending totaled $631 million in the first half of 2009 down about 10% from last year. Detroit Edison’s operational capital is up about $130 million year over year but nearly all of the increase is timing within the year driven by outage schedules. For the full year, Edison’s capital is expected to decline from $944 million to $800 million in 2009. Total DTE capital this year is still on track to reach about $1.1 billion about a 20% decline from 2008. Even in the fact of the soft local economy, DTE’s cash and balance sheet targets remain on track.  Now let me turn in back to Dave to wrap up.
Dave Meador: Let me wrap up on slide 20. With a little more then six months behind us we’re feeling pretty good about where we are given the environment that we’re operating under. We believe we have a very constructive regulatory environment in place and as I mentioned, the Detroit Edison rate case will wrap up by year end and the MichCon case is now underway with self-implementation of rates in January. We built a realistic plan for the year and in total the proactive position the company took is working well as we execute that plan. The auto bankruptcies moved with lightening speed and the plants are back and running. With the auto company’s having significantly reduced their cost structure and much lower dealer inventories as they come out of this. As I indicated we’re starting to see signs of life showing up in the steel sector again which is important not only to the Power & Industrial group but also important to Detroit Edison.  As we’ve laid out both ongoing continuous improvement and one-time cost reductions we’ve managed this year and we’ve gotten through the economic environment very well. We’ve delivered on our cash flows, our balance sheet metrics and earnings. This is being done without compromising on safety, reliability or customer satisfaction. As a matter of fact, we raised the chinning bar on all of those areas during this crisis as we strive to get better at everything we do.  We continued to make investments during the recession as Nick laid out in our capital schedule, although at slightly reduced level and this supports our long term earnings growth. Our dividend at $2.12 per share is well supported in our plans. We’re asking that you save date for a DTE Energy Analyst meeting on October 19th and we’re going to have that here in Detroit. The analyst meeting will be on a Monday afternoon and that evening is the kick off of a conference that we are co-sponsoring called The Business of Plugging In, and it’s a conference on plug in hybrids and batteries and how that all works with the electric utility industry.  The Plug In conference features a kick off dinner on that Monday night with our CEO Tony Earley and Governor Granholm is going to be speaking and you’re welcome to stay for the dinner or some or all of the plug in hybrid conference. If you’re interested in that conference the website for that conference is at www.PEV2009.com and if you have any questions about the analyst meeting or that plug in conference please email or call Lisa. With that we’d be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Can you just share a little more thought on the O&M expenses, maybe a little more color around why the timing was a little front end loaded as far as maintenance from the first half to the second half if there’s any true up obligation associated with the rate case based
Dave Meador: I put this in the context of what we saw playing out last fall. We got our groups into the rooms and said listen, we’ve got to get prepared for what’s going on in the auto industry and the local economy and we can’t have a cost reduction program that is back end loaded, we’ve got to do everything we can to do to front end load this and engage our employees. Then also the goal was to make sure that this was as sustainable as possible so we told the groups we know we’re moving fast here but we want 80% of this sustainable and as front end loaded as possible. Some of this was by design.  Then we also have some timing issues that are playing out when you look at this year over year whether you look at plant maintenance outages and things like that. I would describe this as we wanted to make sure with this economy that we were not in a situation where we were trying to dig out of a hole in the second half of the year and the marching order this had to be a January 1st cost reduction and I think that sets the context and background of how we set this whole thing up.
Peter Oleksiak: The main part of the timing, a little more than half of it is tied to restoration. A lot of that, the restoration expense is pretty comparable that we’re forecasting this year versus last year. At the front end of the year the first half has been about $25 or $30 million lower. Right now we’re projecting that to be back on budget and on top of that we do have a restoration tracker so we’re essentially whatever over and under we incur will be offset in terms of revenues.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: With O&M coming down so much in the midst of the rate case proceeding is there any sort of adjustments we need to be aware of to your rate case? I guess that comes down to getting the final order done.
Dave Meador: No, I don’t think so. We will have to lay out as we work through this is really the nature of the one time items which I think is an important component of what we’re doing here.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: The one timers you mean kind of layoffs and benefit reductions or can you help me out on one timers?
Dave Meador: An example would be we had a property tax settlement that is flowing through the income statement and that won’t be repeated. We also had some benefit reductions that were one time in nature that won’t be repeated. We’ve done a couple other things that I think would be not repeatable as we go through this and this gets back to this we wanted 20% of this non-sustainable, 80% sustainable as we went into that. As the load got worse we dug in and as we dig in on cost reductions I think we ended up with higher one time items to offset some of the load loss this year.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: If we look to next year and off of this year’s base line with your new projections for O&M, should we go back to a normal inflation rate or is there more process improvement that you grow at a slower rate?
Dave Meador: I think the first thing you’d have to do is add back the one time items that we’ve described. We’re all waiting to see what happens with inflation but I know, I’ll return to wage inflation as an example, we didn’t provide any salary increase to our non-rep employees this year as an example. We know we’ll get back to wage inflation.  I would also offer that we feel that we are not done on cost reductions. The more we work on continuous improvement and trying to excel at everything that we do I think that we continue to get a sense that there is more there and that we should have the ability to offset any inflation that shows up.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Some updated color on where bad debts are, how that’s tracking given the high unemployment rate in the Detroit area. Along those lines, with the $9 million hit from auto bankruptcies in the second quarter will some of that reverse if GM at all actually paid their bills before year end?
Dave Meador: On the first question, when we gave guidance we forecast that our bad debt expense would be flat year over year. Its working out that way, it’s primarily flat. I think we had slight charged earnings in the second quarter. Everything that we see when we look arrears and bad debt expense right now is that even with unemployment rising we’re holding the line.  Our team is doing a good job helping people get assistance if they qualify and if they don’t qualify we’re dealing with credit as prudently as possible in terms of being firm with customers on payment. I would just say we’re doing a good job on bad debt expense in the light of unemployment rising. In terms of the receivable question that you asked, we did not reserve for General Motors so I think our anticipation is that we are going to be paid for that pre-bankruptcy receivable. The net amount that I described was predominantly Chrysler plus a handful of other suppliers and non-automotive related suppliers.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: That money is likely not coming back.
Dave Meador: No.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: You outlined at Trading what the quarterly and year to date mark to market activity’s been within that segment.
Dave Meador: If you go to slide 23 it details the year to date and the quarter year over year, realized, unrealized and on O&M.
Peter Oleksiak: It also gives the economic net income accounting.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Can you run through the O&M items that you consider one timers?
Peter Oleksiak: I can give you an example, for the benefits we had a change in our vacation policy and actually we were able to take a one time accounting benefit due to that that was a big piece.
Dave Meador: I would say that we also have the whole slew of other things that you would do in an environment like this from reduced travel to we had a higher increase, too we didn’t give raises, we are limiting training to critical training and things that you would normally do and that everyone has done in a deep economic environment like this but things that you can’t do on a sustainable basis if you’re going to be growing a healthy and vibrant company. We just had to take basically what I described as a spending pause and that would be in addition to the benefit change and the property tax.
Operator: Your next question comes from Neil Stein – Levin Capital
Neil Stein – Levin Capital: I don’t know if you gave out this number but the trailing 12 months ROE at Detroit Edison.
Peter Oleksiak: It’s actually slightly over 11%.
Neil Stein – Levin Capital: Any concern with respect to the rate case as far as how that will impact the outcome?
Peter Oleksiak: The trailing ROE?
Neil Stein – Levin Capital: To the extent it’s above what the staff recommended and what you’re actually asking for.
Dave Meador: No, I don’t have a concern. When we provided guidance the guidance that we provided for the share, for example, we were under earning it was a 10.4% ROE and MichCon was 9.2%. As its playing out Edison is trailing towards its guidance ROE which is we are not going to earn our authorized return this year and certainly MichCon is not. I don’t have that concern.
Peter Oleksiak: Some of that is impacted by the one time items.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Siegel – Canaccord Adams
Mark Siegel – Canaccord Adams: I was wondering if you could provide an update on the progress being made in your smart meter deployment, whether or not you plan on applying for any stimulus funding and what your plans for broader deployment might look like going forward.
Dave Meador: We are piloting our AMI program right now. We initiated a 10,000 meter pilot that is our first phase and that’s wrapping up so we’re moving into our second phase of our pilot program. As we look at our forward year capital we’re going to have to decide how aggressively we implement AMI or not AMI and one variable is the one that you mentioned which is the economic stimulus package.  We will file for an application for the economic stimulus. We are hoping that we will get some of this funding through the stimulus package which might accelerate some of what we’re doing.
Mark Siegel – Canaccord Adams: Any plans for broader deployment would likely be 2010 or beyond scenario?
Dave Meador: Yes, and directly tied to the stimulus money.
Operator: Your next question comes from Danielle Seitz - Dudack Research Group
Danielle Seitz - Dudack Research Group: I don’t know if I understood well but you said that Trading might be better then what you originally anticipated by about $20 million or did I not understand it correctly?
Peter Oleksiak: You understood it correctly.
Danielle Seitz - Dudack Research Group: I’m assuming that because you didn’t change your assumptions that the $20 million will be coming from MichCon and Power & Industrial projects?
Peter Oleksiak: Right.
Danielle Seitz - Dudack Research Group: That’s how you visualize it now.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes.
Danielle Seitz - Dudack Research Group: You anticipate that actually when that O&M might be about $50 million for the rest of the year, something like that?
Peter Oleksiak: $20 million for Energy Trading.
Danielle Seitz - Dudack Research Group: I was thinking for O&M, Operating and Management expenses you anticipated to be up by at least $50 million in the second half?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, the timing is between $50 million that we’ll reverse out.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions. I’ll turn things back over to you Mr. Meador for any additional or closing remarks.
Dave Meador: I thank everybody again for joining us this morning. Again we’re really pleased with the way the quarters worked out. On the analyst meeting that I talked about in the Plug In conference I’d encourage you, we will be putting out a save the day card. I encourage you to consider coming to Detroit. We think we’re going to put on a good meeting and if you could stay for the dinner that evening or the Plug In Conference after that that would be great also. We look forward to seeing you. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude today’s teleconference. Thank you all for joining.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: David Meador - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Peter Oleksiak - Vice President & Controller Nick Khouri - Vice President & Treasurer Dan Brudzynski - Vice President and Controller Lisa Muschong - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Citi Investment Research Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Brett Mcclenning - Fidelity Paul Patterson - Glen Rock Associates Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research Group
Operator: Good day and welcome to the DTE Energy, first quarter 2009 conference call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Meador. Please go ahead, sir.
David Meador: Thank you, Loren. Good morning everybody and welcome to our first quarter 2009 conference call. As we get started I will encourage everybody to read the Safe Harbor statement on page two, including the reference to forward-looking statements. With me this morning are Peter Oleksiak, our Vice President and Controller; Nick Khouri, our Vice President and Treasurer and Lisa Muschong, our Director of Investor Relations. I also have members of the management team with me this morning that I might call on to answer questions during the Q-and-A session. With that background, let me start on slide five with an overview. As we have laid out for you, we believe that we are well positioned during these unprecedented times. Our goal is to achieve strong results in this challenging environment. Our objective is to use this crisis as an opportunity to get better at everything that we do, and that’s everything that we do to serve our customers and all of our internal processes, and also getting better in terms of financial performance in our balance sheet. We plan conservatively for 2009 and with a quarter of the year behind us, our plan is working and I think it was evidenced in the results we released last night. The 2008 Michigan legislation provides key new tools to enable us to file and implement rates on a forward-looking basis, and we will be doing that at Detroit Edison in July of this year. The renewable energy and energy optimization programs will start this year with dedicated funding mechanisms. Our plans for 2009 are based on realistic assumptions and our goal for this year is to preserve solid earnings and keep our cash flow and balance sheet metrics strong. This will position DTE Energy to continue its growth as the recession ends. Our dividend is $2.12 a share, and that’s well supported. It provides an attractive return in today’s market. With that, let me turn to slide six, provide an overview of 2009 first quarter and then Peter will provide you more details in a moment. I am pleased in this environment to report these results and we achieved operating earnings of $1.10 per share versus $0.70 per share last year. This was driven by proactive cost reductions at our utilities, where our operating O&M was down almost $50 million quarter-over-quarter. This is further evidenced that our continuous improvement process that we’ve been talking a lot about is working. We had solid results in our non-utility businesses and this was driven by Gas Midstream and our trading operations. We also generated $500 million in free cash flow and achieved a key milestone for us in successfully renewing and upsizing the expiring portion of our credit facility for $1 billion. Also during the quarter, all three rating agencies confirmed our ratings. Now let me turn to slide seven. Our 2009 plan remains on track with guidance of $2.75 to $3.05 per share. We’ve laid out the economic pressures for you, which are shown at the top of the slide here. Our assumptions include a 6% load decline at Detroit Edison, ongoing automotive and steel industry uncertainty, higher benefit cost and the rate freeze at MichCon, which will end at the end of this year. We’ll be filing a case at MichCon this summer and then we’ll be self-implementing rates early next year. Offsetting those factors is our $100 million cost reduction plan which is on track and again, that’s evidenced by our O&M expense in our financial statements quarter-over-quarter, also the December 2008 electric rate increase and then the mid year self-implementation at Detroit Edison that we’ll do in July. Now, turn slide eight. We know there are a lot of questions about what you read about daily in the newspapers, including today about the auto companies and the potential impact on DTE. We believe our 2009 planning assumptions encompass much of what you see playing out in the news every day, but it’s also true that projecting secondary and tertiary impacts on DTE are difficult. Our tools, to deal with those impacts are ongoing cost reductions and regular rate cases with six months self-implementation. It’s hard for anyone to predict exactly how things are going to play out for Chrysler today and within the next 60 days for General Motors, but we’re hopeful that these restructurings are going to result in leaner, more competitive automobile companies, with sustainable business models. What we thought would be helpful for you is to size some of the potential, immediate exposure for you. So on slide eight, what we wanted to provide is just some more data points. On the top right-hand side is our direct sales to GM and Chrysler which is 5% of sales and 3% of margin. This is in context of our industrial load declining over the years, which was 40% in the 70s and is about 25% of our load today. On the top left, we showed the average after-tax accounts receivable for GM and Chrysler and the key automotive suppliers that support those two companies, which you can see the total there is $26 million to $42 million. This is being provided as background data, because if there is a bankruptcy filing or a multiple bankruptcy filings, the pre-bankruptcy receivable could be at risk. However, we are currently considering if something like this does happen and depending on the magnitude, we might pursue regulatory recovery of that pre-bankruptcy receivable.  The General Motors and Chrysler amount that we have on this page is an average accounts receivable outstanding over a 60 day period. So, it’s actually slightly higher than, what might be outstanding at any point in time. The key supplier amount is a probability weighted after-tax exposure. So, that’s not the average outstanding. We look that the key suppliers, that we believe might be under distress here that support those two companies and we did a probability analysis for those numbers. So, the total there is $26 million to $42 million. On the bottom of page eight, we frame the potential asset related exposure for our power and industrial business, where we have energy assets at several GM facilities and eight Chrysler facilities. For General Motors, the after-tax asset book value is $46 million. However, after taking into account non-recourse financing, the potential net exposure is just $11 million.  In Chrysler’s case, our equity investment is on the books for $40 million and that creates a potential after-tax exposure of $24 million, which is backed by Daimler North America Guarantee. So, we believe we have no net asset write-down exposure there.  In both cases here for power and industrial, if they file and the plants where we have assets close, we might have impairments that play out in one quarter and then the non-recourse debt or guarantees play out in the subsequent quarters. So there could be some lumpiness in how this is all recognized, but when you look at the net exposure it’s not significant to the company. So, with that background let me turn it over to Peter who will take you through the first quarter results.
Peter Oleksiak :  Thanks Dave and good morning to everyone. I’d like to start with slide 10, the first quarter earnings results. For the quarter, DTE’s operating earnings per share was a $1.0. I’d like to remind everyone that a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings is contained in the appendix. Detroit Edison contributed $0.48 in MichCon, which typically had the strong first quarter that came in at $0.37. The non-utility segments combined to earn $0.34. The primary drivers to the non-utility quarter results were Energy Trading at $0.24, Gas Midstream at $0.09, Power and Industrial Projects at $0.02 and unconventional at a penny loss. Finally, corporate and other was at loss of $0.09 in the quarter. Let’s move onto slide 11, a summary of the quarter-over-quarter performance by segment. Overall, operating earnings are up $51 million for the quarter. The earnings level on the first quarter of this year was in line with our internal financial plan and external guidance. Both Detroit Edison and MichCon results are up from the prior year. I’ll be providing additional detail on the two utilities in a moment.  Our non-utility segments were up $6 million. Gas Midstream was up $6 million due to favorable storage contracts and higher pipeline performance. Power and Industrial was down $6 million, due primarily to a higher depreciation expense in 2009 and assets that were held for sale during the first quarter of 2008. Also, lower coke sale as a result of the slowdown in the steel sector, partially offset by some new business at our coal services business. Energy Trading had a strong quarter, as a result of higher unrealized margins and our gas related strategies. Lower gas prices drove a decrease in earnings at our unconventional gas production segment. Finally, our corporate and other segment was favorable $6 million, due primarily to favorable taxes. Now, I’d like to go through some quarterly details at the utility companies beginning with Detroit Edison on slide 12. Operating earning for Detroit Edison was $78 million, up $37 million from the prior year. Total margin was up for the quarter, with an implementation of the December 2008 rate order and the expiration of the temporary show caused rate reduction in April of 2008 helped lower electric choice sales. These positive margin changes more than offset the reduction in sales due to the economy. Additionally, O&M expense was lower as a result of a series of continues improvement initiatives and other cost reduction actions. The 12 month rolling operating ROE for Detroit Edison is 10.1%. On page 13, detailed our year-over-year temperature normal electric sales for the quarter and also provided the quarterly comparison of sales volumes used in our 2009 plan to prior year actuals. You can see that the 9% reduction in sales, compared to the first quarter of 2008, as outlined in the left side of the slide was inline with our 2009 plan, which is on the right side of the slide. We saw a significant drop off in sales in the second half of 2008; the profile reduction in 2009 is front end loaded. The main takeaway from the slide is that while we continue to see softening of territory sales in the struggling local economy, the sales drops we experienced in the first quarter are inline with our expectations in guidance. Of course, we will continue to monitor closely the outcome of the Chrysler and GM situation and the impact on our service territory. Moving on to page 14 and a review of MichCon’s performance; as I mentioned earlier, the first quarter is typically the strongest in the seasonal gas utility business. Operating earnings for MichCon was $61 million, up $2 million from the prior year, primarily due to lower O&M expense. Similar to our Detroit Edison, O&M expense was reduced as a result of continues improvement related cost reductions. The 12 month rolling operating ROE for MichCon is 10.6%.  That includes an update on the earnings for the quarter and for your reference, we have included in the appendix our previously announced earnings guidance for 2009. With that, I’d like to turn the discussion over to Nick Khouri, who will cover cash flow and capital expenditures.
Nick Khouri: Thanks Peter. As always, improved cash flow and balance sheet strength remains a key priority for management and Board of Directors and while the economy and financial markets remain unpredictable, DTE has taken steps to weather the current storm. Underlying cash has been strong so far this year and as Dave mentioned, we have secured liquidity to manage under a variety of scenarios. Page 16, details capital and cash flow for the first quarter of 2009. Free cash flow in the first three months of 2009 was approximately $500 million, comprised of $800 million of internal cash, against $300 million of capital. 2009 net cash was down from last year, due to almost $300 million of synfuel cash in 2008 that was partially reversed later in the year. Even after dividends, DTE had excess cash in the first quarter of approximately $400 million, but as in past years, the first quarter is always a big cash quarter, especially for our gas utility. Capital expenditure detail is shown on page 17. DTE capital spending totaled $333 million in the first three months of 2009, about equal to last year. Most of the year-over-year change can be explained by higher capital at Detroit Edison, offset by lower capital of MichCon and the non-utility businesses. Detroit Edison’s capital increase was for planned maintenance outages, at both our coal and Nuclear Fleet. For the full year, DTE’s expected capital spending haven’t changed from prior estimates and will be approximately 20% below 2008. Page 18 shows, liquidity at the end of the first quarter. We had total bank credit facilities of $1.9 billion, supporting our commercial paper program. As Dave mentioned, yesterday we closed on a $1 billion committed credit facility with a group of 19 banks; the first large multiyear renewal in our industry. Late last year, we drew down $400 million of credit lines to assure us flexibility in case the CP markets did not reopen. By the end of the present quarter, we’d have paid back the total drawn amount. For us the CP market has returned to pre-crisis pricing and liquidity; in fact CP rates are now generally below levels of last fall. Against, this capacity of nearly $2 billion at the end of the quarter, we had a $185 million of CP outstanding and $302 million of letters of credit, leaving unused capacity of almost $1.5 billion. Finally, we ended the first quarter within our leveraged target of 50% to 52%, and the ratio of cash flow to debt between 20% and 22%. We believe we have a plan and sufficient contingency to manage through the current uncertainties. Now let me turn it back over to Dave to wrap up.
David Meador : Thanks Nick. Let me turn to slide 20. To summarize, we are very focused on executing our 2009 plan and with one quarter behind us, we are on track. We have a very constructive regulatory environment and we’re proactively managing our economic risk. We believe our plan is realistic and as I said encompasses most of what is playing out as you read in the papers today about Chrysler and GM and generally the Michigan economy. In the meantime, we are very focused on our ongoing cost reductions, our regulatory filings, disciplined capital investments and customer satisfaction. We want to ensure that we position DTE Energy to emerge from 2009 with strong future growth vehicles in place, recognizing that distress always presents opportunities and as I said earlier, our dividend is at $2.12 is attractive and well supported. Next week Gerry Anderson and Gerry Norcia, who runs our Midstream and MichCon gas LDC and Nick Khouri and the IR team will be at a AGA. Gerry Anderson and Gerry Norcia will be presenting at 9:50 Pacific Time, that’s 12:50 Eastern Daylight Time and for those of you that aren’t at AGA that will be webcast if you want to dial into that. That concludes our presentation Laura, we’d be happy to take questions now.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will take our first question from Greg Gordon with Citi Investment Research.
Greg Gordon - Citi Investment Research: Thanks, good morning.
David Meador : Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Citi Investment Research: You guys are amazing, great quarter. I just for a moment am speechless and that never happens to me, anyway…
David Meador : Thank you.
Greg Gordon - Citi Investment Research: When it comes to the O&M cuts, I know a lot of this is laid out in the slides, but can you just go through for us what the total O&M reduction was quarter-over-quarter and in which businesses the cuts came from and in particular focusing on the regulated operations and how that might play into your discussions with the regulators and the current rate cases?
David Meador : Well, I can start and set the context and then Dan Brudzynski is here and he can give you the regulatory commentary and Peter can break this out, but we’ve been working as you know on cost reductions for a long time and I would just say that this automotive influence here it’s a double edged sword.  On one hand we’re dealing with what we’re dealing with in the economy, on the other hand, we have learned a lot from the automotive industry about how they go about doing continuous improvement and as you know in 2005, we took out a significant amount of cost.  In last fall when we started to see, the margins start to shift for us, we sat back and we said, we benchmark and we know that we have opportunities in all of our operations to move our operations closer to where they need to be and we want to engage our employees around this cost reduction in the middle of this crisis and basically position the company to get better. So, it was interesting last fall.  People said “Is there really more and can you get it?” and we said, “Yes.” We feel that our cost reduction muscle is stronger than doing this through blind cost cutting. So as we went into this, there were some clear directions to say you can’t do this by cutting line clearance or pole top maintenance, you can’t defer planned outages.  We have to go about this by getting into our processes and driving out waste and doing this across the company; everywhere from my accounting department to my investor relations department, to our service centers to the power plants, to the executive suites. We are doing this from top to bottom and from one side of the company to the other.  So, you can see the results that we front end loaded this and we’re driving this and then people keep asking, “Is there more?” and I think we are not done when this all plays out, because we continue to aspire to excellence and our employees are getting very, very good in helping us identify and takeout this waste. Peter, do you want to provide some commentary on that?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. I think, when you look at the breakout, we really went after A&G in these reductions. So, about half of it is coming from A&G related costs. The other half is coming from operating groups. As Dave mentioned, those are really just doing things smarter and more timely, taking out costs while remaining high quality.
Greg Gordon - Citi Investment Research: Okay, but the O&M cut, particularly at DTE was on our pretax basis on the order of…?  
Nick Khouri: When you look at the utility related, $50 million.
Greg Gordon - Citi Investment Research: $50 million and the majority is that DTE and then a bit of it is at MichCon, right?
Nick Khouri: Yes, the majority of it is at Detroit Edison, which is a combination of the A&G as allocated down as well as the core operating groups.
Greg Gordon - Citi Investment Research: It looks like you’ve hit your O&M cut target that you laid out for us at the end of last year, all here in the first quarter. So, does that mean we’ll see some normal costs creep throughout the rest of the year, off of the lower base?
Nick Khouri: Just see some additional, maybe two-thirds of it in the first quarter. As Dave mentioned, our O&M reductions are really following our load loss. So, when we saw load reductions happening last year, actually internally starting in the second quarter, we started taking reductions and actually we took another round of reductions first quarter of this year. So on a pure year-over-year, you’re really going to see about two-thirds of it happening in the first quarter.
Greg Gordon - Citi Investment Research: Okay and are these levels of cost reductions sort of presumed in your current rate filings?
David Meador: Dan, why don’t you comment on it?
Dan Brudzynski: Sure. Yes, what you’re seeing play out in the first quarter is already assumed in our rate case filing. Our test year runs from mid ‘09 to mid “10 and they were approximately $93 million of assumed cost reductions as part of the filing.
Greg Gordon - Citi Investment Research: Okay, so the regulators are not going to look at this and see this as being indicative of sort of a cost level lower than what you had already presumed when you filed for your rate increase?
Dan Brudzynski: No.
Greg Gordon - Citi Investment Research: Okay. Thank you.
Dan Brudzynski: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Hey, good morning. Separate from the O&M savings in the quarter, its rating is also quite a bit ahead of plan and I guess you guys kind of setup your full year in the first quarter. Any thoughts on revision there or are you guys just monetizing wildly in the money contracts in the quarter?
David Meador: We’re still comfortable with the $45 million. Really at this point in time, the majority of that is unrealized margin gains. So, we’ll continue to monitor the performance of that business. They are off to a good strong economic start, but at this point we are comfortable with the guidance.
Nick Khouri: So, if you look at the breakdown of the earnings for the quarter, I would say that close to 20 was realized and 35 was unrealized and that’s offset with the O&M for the business. So, they had a significant unrealized gain on the quarter and it’s early in the year for everything. It’s certainly early in the year for trading.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: So, this had a lot to do with the fact of just where you had positions and the fact commodity prices fell that you had unrealized gains; so probably over the rest of the year, it’s going to be more execution on realizing those gains at a diminium as profit. Is that the right way to think of it?
David Meador: Yes. I think that’s right.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. Residential usage was also down quite a bit in the quarter in addition to industrial, can you just give some color on kind of what you’re seeing customer behavior wise. Is that customer class of people conserving more? Are you seeing population migration or was this just more of a weather event?
David Meador: For residential, we are closely monitoring the usage. The high usage for them actually is in the summer months with the air conditioning load. So, we’re definitely going to be taking a look at it. There’s a kind of a profile change around usage. So, we didn’t anticipate actually some usage declines, we baked that into the plan and as you indicated right now, they are coming in at lower than expected.  So, that’s probably a potential risk, but there is upside, more favorability we’re seeing on the commercial sector. So when you mix it together, we’re comfortable with the load projections we have.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Are you seeing residential usage actually down or is there a change in customer dynamics or empty houses or anything?
David Meador: Not really. Unfortunately we had been in a recession earlier than the rest of the country. So, I think we kind of had already started playing out with this customer migration out of the state, and I think that’s leveled off for now. That doesn’t mean that it can’t increase. What we aren’t getting is any new attachments obviously.  The place where it’s playing out it would be in the whole area of bad debt expense, but we’re doing a good job there too. The team’s done a great job out in the field and those that can’t afford to pay their bills, getting them the appropriate assistance programs and those that can afford that aren’t paying, being pretty assertive in terms of credit and collections and so you see our bad debt expense is on track for the year also and we still feel comfortable with our projections on arrearages and bad debt for the year.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: I guess just one last question. Dave, can you remind us, at P&I kind of what the breakdown of customer exposure is between auto and steel and some of the other pieces where you have equipment onsite?
David Meador: Just roughly, rough figures, I’d say it’s about two-thirds steel, one-third autos, it’s kind of a rough rule of thumb there and we also have our coal services business running through that business also. So this year, the coke-related field sales came up, but coal services is offsetting some of that and the auto-related is still performing well. So, we’ll have to wait and see how this goes and if there is an extended shutdown or a plant closure, then we’ll have some impact there.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Paul Ridzon with Keybanc.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc : Just looking for a little more clarification on the O&M. Was the $100 million off of ‘08 or is that off of budget?
Peter Oleksiak : It was off of ’08 and actually there is going to be some offsets around pension in OPEB. So, we look at it all in, it’s probably net around $60 million to $70 million absolute down year-over-year.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc : You’ve taken a 106 out of first quarter and your two-thirds done. So, does that mean we’re going to end up at 150?
Peter Oleksiak : The 106, you may be talking to the overall DTE income statement. That includes non-utility businesses, which a lot of that is kind of related to the volumes and costs of good sold. The utility business is around $50 million as we discussed earlier. So two-thirds of it is realized this quarter from a year-over-year profile.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc : Was the $100 million a utility reduction or a consolidated reduction?
Peter Oleksiak : The $100 million is total utility reductions that we’re going after. Now once again there’s going to be a partial offset with increased pension and OPEB expense; that’s really related to the plant performance and returns.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc : So MichCon and Detroit Edison should be down about $60 million year-over-year?
Peter Oleksiak : Approximately.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc : Okay. Thank you for the clarification.
David Meador: Thanks Paul.
Operator: We will take our next question from Brett Mcclenning with Fidelity
Brett Mcclenning - Fidelity: Hey, good morning guys.
David Meador: Good morning, Brett.
Brett Mcclenning - Fidelity: Great job, again in that credit facility extend or renewed rather. I think a lot of you were looking at you guys and are really interested to see how that will play out; certainly one of the first ones to get renewed in the industry. I was wondering though, you guys had only mentioned it was a multiyear facility, so I was hoping to get more details on the terms of the facility, when is it mature, the cost, covenants, etc?
Peter Oleksiak : Well, the migration was towards shorter terms. So, if you went back several months ago, kind of the feedback was you’re not going to renew this and you’ll be lucky if you get anything other than 364 day facility.
Brett Mcclenning - Fidelity: Alright.
Peter Oleksiak : So, you come out of this afterwards and we proactively manage this and Nick and the treasury team did a great job. We ended up with a two-year facility and we upsized it. So, that we thought that was very positive.  The costs are more than you’d like to have to pay, including some upfront fees. So, the costs end up higher than we’d like them to be, but it’s all anticipated within our guidance, so even though the costs are higher than the expiring facility, we anticipated the mixture of what’s happening here and so there’s no change to our guidance.
Brett Mcclenning - Fidelity: Okay and the covenant side, is there any new covenants they requested?
David Meador: Nick, do you want to speak to that?
Nick Khouri: No. There is nothing unusual on the covenant side.
Brett Mcclenning - Fidelity: Okay. The last thing I wanted to ask about on this, I think you guys are mentioned there is 19 new banks in the new facility? How many banks were in the facilities that were maturing later this year?
David Meador: A few more, 24.
David Meador: We gained a couple. We lost a couple and net-net we are down a few, but still a pretty strong bank group, but nearly 20.
Brett Mcclenning - Fidelity: Okay and these were mostly regional players or are they the big banks? How would you define them?
Nick Khouri: We could go bank-by-bank, but let’s just say generally, some of the smaller players are the ones that are no longer part of the bank group and all the bigger banks are still in the bank group and including we’ve increased the number of leads from 3 to 6 too.
Brett Mcclenning - Fidelity: Okay, great. Thanks for the color there. I just want one more quick follow-up; it’s on the cost side. You guys had mentioned that it’s baked into your guidance, etc. and that’s good, but I was just wondering, we hear about pricing more on what the market costs would be? So I was curious, if you could give us a little bit more color of what the actual pricing was?
Nick Khouri: Well, not at this time. We’re still just closing the deal, we’ll release that later, but the pricing certainly was much higher than a few years ago and then higher than before the crisis, but I don’t know at this point if we’re giving out the specifics until the deal’s actually done, but over the next week or two we’ll talk about both the total cost in both upfront and ongoing.
Brett Mcclenning - Fidelity: Great. I expected it probably to be at the back of the 10-K or Q rather or is that going to be coming out?
David Meador: No, I don’t think. In the Q we’ll talk about it, but we won’t put the pricing in it.
Brett Mcclenning - Fidelity: Okay, great. Thanks a lot guys and good job.
David Meador: Thank you.
Nick Khouri: Thanks.
Operator: We’ll now move to Paul Patterson with Glen Rock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glen Rock Associates: Good morning guys.
David Meador: Good morning Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glen Rock Associates: I just want to again revisit the O&M. I’m a little slower I’m afraid. When I look at the quarter-over-quarter number, it looks like it’s over a $100 million decrease and I guess if you multiply the three months by four, you come up with a substantially lower number than 2008. So, I guess just looking at company wide and the job you’ve done with O&M, if you could just again sort of help me out with respect to, how much we should expect that to go down and how pension offsets that and sort of when that would show up?
David Meador: The $100 million you’re referring to is total DTE. So, about half of that relates to the non-utility business; it’s really which is related to cost of goods sold, credit expense. So, you really need to kind of exclude that. So, we’re really talking about $50 million reduction at the two utilities.  So, when we mentioned the $100 million goal that was kind of an absolute before increases around the pension and OPEB, so you net that in and we really are looking at about a $60 million to $70 million a year-over-year absolute reduction, with the majority of it happening year-over-year at the first quarter. Once again, we started our cost reduction efforts really in the second quarter of last year. So, those reductions, plus some additional ones we’ve taken this year are all kind of playing out this quarter.  Last quarter, really we were kind of growing flat and actually there was even a bit of a hangover from the SAP implementation occurring in that quarter. So, actually this profile was kind of anticipated with the majority of the O&M reductions happening quarter-over-quarter in the first quarter.
Peter Oleksiak: So Peter, just to reconfirm that, if you took your O&M and the two utilities for 2008 and asked a question, what it look like for 2009, it’s $60 million to $70 million lower projected year-over-year, that’s what would be embedded in our guidance and we’re executing on that.
Paul Patterson - Glen Rock Associates: Okay. You’re mentioning all this continuous improvement and you guys have taken an opportunity here with the recession it sounds like and other things, so keep on looking for costs savings and sometimes utilities can find more and what have you? I’m just wondering; I mean, there’s been a slowdown in MichCon and what have you, what about the opportunity for more stuff or how should we think about that going forward? I mean maybe something that we could see coming up, I don’t know, how should we think about that over the next two years?
Nick Khouri: Part of it I think, part of the answer would be dependent on what happens with inflation, that I think if we stay in the deflationary environment, it feels one way depending on how the government manages itself and if we end up in inflation or hyperinflation and I’ve been working just to offset inflation, it feels differently, but let’s set that aside and say it doesn’t happen or that it’s out there for a while. We’re going to continue to look at everything that we do to drive out waste and reduce our cost, because we owe that to our customers to be a low cost provider. We have many areas of the company we benchmark. We started this several years ago. We’re at fourth quartile that now are our median or even at first quartile on their benchmarks, but we still have some that aren’t, that are off working on those.  So, we’ve taken a unique approach. We believe at a time when companies around the country are laying off their employees is the way that hit their bottom lines; we went to our employees and said “We’re not going to do that, but we need your help. We need your help in trying to help us root out all of this waste and opportunity and to the best of our ability, if you do that, we’re are not going to lay people off. We’re going to keep you employed” and we’ve really rallied our employees around this. So, we’ve got, as I said, thousands of people engaged in helping us to identify opportunities for improvement and that’s just going to be a way of life for us.  So, if there is no inflation, I would say there’s still more cost reduction, but at some point in time, we will also have not only inflation, but with environmental expenditures, there will be scope related O&M items that get added back in, but relative to this continuous improvement culture, we’re not stopping. There’s never a there, so we’re going to continue to work on cost reductions.
Paul Patterson - Glen Rock Associates: Okay, great. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: We will now go to a follow-up from Greg Gordon.
David Meador: Still speechless Greg.
Greg Gordon - Citi Investment Research : No, actually all of these guys have been asking the follow up O&M questions. So, my question has been answered. Thank you.
David Meador: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We will now move to Yiktat Fung from Zimmer Lucas Partners.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Good morning. Congratulations on the great first quarter.
David Meador: Thank you.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: I’m actually gone to beat the dead horse about O&M again. I’m just wondering, it sounds to me that most of these cost reductions are kind of a permanent nature. Is there some part of this O&M reduction that’s really kind of a deferral of costs to future quarters or years?
David Meador: When we set our objectives, because we did this very rapidly, last October we called people in and said “You’ve got a week to get your plans in place and then start executing” and our target then was at 80% of this needed to be sustainable. We would allow people 20% in one time actions, and those one time actions could be anything from eliminating travel to stopping leadership and employee training. So those things will come back. What we are doing now is that we’ve got I believe most of the sustainable in place and the non-sustainable, what we’re trying to do is, to continue to look for cost reductions, which gets to a prior question, to basically backfill these non-sustainable items. So our first to do is to continue to look for cost reductions to backfill non-sustainable items. So, I wouldn’t describe it as deferrals as much as just one time items that have been set. You can’t continue not to do that. I have to do training if we’re going to be a sustainable, vibrant business, if just we cut back really hard this year.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: I see. So, is it fair to say that of that $100 million O&M cut that you’ve targeted for utilities this year, around 80% of that is sustainable and 20% is kind of a one-time nature. You are working to increase the 80%.
David Meador: Right, right, that’s how I’d describe it.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: And are there any costs to achieve related to these O&M cuts?
David Meador: No.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: No, okay.
David Meador: Much different than prior reductions here and the way we’re going about this again is I think fundamentally different that there are no costs to achieve and if there our costs, those costs have to be offset as part of the cost reduction.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Thank you and congratulations once again.
David Meador: Thanks.
Operator: We will now go to Daniele Seitz with Dudak Research Group.
Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research Group : Thank you. You mentioned that you had some opportunity for growth in the renewal areas and that actually to start this year, could you elaborate on that and also could you give just a hint as to what your capital spending will look like over the next few years. Will it stay around $1.1 billion?
David Meador: As we’ve talked about it, under the law that was passed last year, we have an energy optimization program. The surcharge for the energy optimization program will start we believe in June of this year and we will start spending money there. The renewable energy program, the timing is slightly different. The surcharge starts in the fall and it’s going to be predominantly wind. There will be some biomass and solar and those expenditures will ramp up starting in 2010. Our thinking right now as we lay out our program, we’re waiting for MPSC approval, which we expect to get in June is that this fall we will be able to layout for you in much more detail what our RPS program looks like for let’s say 2010, ‘11, ‘12 as we step into that billion dollars of predominantly wind that we’re going to be doing in Michigan. On a non-utility side, our renewable energy business; here in the power and industrial group, we had 24 landfill gas biomass sites. We are looking for growth opportunities there and then we also have several small coal burning plants. These are 100 megawatts or less plants that are being converted to wood burning. So, we have one in Wisconsin; we’re in the process of bidding on one in California right now and these qualify for renewable energy credits and we see that as a possible area of growth for the power and industrial businesses. We look around the country at these very small coal plants that can be converted.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research Group: Do you visualize this as these convertible ITC situations, where actually a lot of the earnings are upfront?
David Meador: So at the Detroit Edison with the renewable energy program, if you have either production a tax credit or a treasury grant, we believe that basically is an offset to the capital and will flow through to our customers in terms of reduced cost for wind power. On the acceleration of depreciation, that will show up for us in terms of cash flow, not necessarily earnings. So, that will help enhance cash flows at Detroit Edison.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research Group: So, does that mean that the $1.1 billion of CapEx might be starting to rise?
David Meador: No.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research Group: Do you think that you can maintain on this level for a couple of years?
David Meador: Yes Nick, I don’t know if you want to speak to it, but the production tax credits or the treasury grants can actually reduce that costs and then right now there’s deflation in that whole market as that markets collapse. It’s a real opportunity to buy equipment or take positions and then, if during the program as we are executing it, we end up in a inflationary period, there is cost off ramps that have been built in legislation.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research Group: Great, thanks.
David Meador: Okay. Thanks Daniele.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time, sir. I’ll turn it back to you for any closing remarks.
David Meador: I just want to thank everybody again. As I said we are very pleased that we are executing our plan and the plan is working and just a reminder again that the team will be at AGA and that Gerry Anderson and Jerry Norcia and the team will be doing one on ones, but also they will be presenting at 9:50 Pacific Time and 12:50 Eastern Daylight Time on webcast if you want to dial into that. Thanks again for joining us.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference call. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Gerry Anderson – President and COO Dave Meador – EVP and CFO Nick Khouri – VP and Treasurer Peter Oleksiak – VP and Controller
Analysts: John Kiani – Deutsche Bank Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the DTE Energy year end 2008 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Gerry Anderson. Please go ahead, sir.
Gerry Anderson: Well, thank you very much everyone for being on the line this morning. With me here today are Dave Meador, our CFO; Peter Oleksiak, the Controller, Nick Khouri, the Treasurer and Lisa Muschong, Director of Investor Relations. By way of introduction as I look back on 2008 and look forward to 2009 it strikes me that there are two things that we've been working on at DTE for the last three years that are proving key to dealing with an economic downturn both nationally and here in Michigan. And one of those things is the Michigan Energy Legislation which we passed in 2008 and the second is the cost reduction and operation improvement efforts that we've had underway since 2005. Both of those were really undertaken in anticipation of a period when we would be doing significant investment in the rate base of our two utilities and that's going to come down the road. But with hindsight both the legislation and the cost initiatives are proven to be critical at a time of economic retrenchment because they are allowing us to address both revenues and costs in our utilities real time without lag. The legislation has a key provision from this perspective and that's file and use of tariffs. It's designed to enable investment without regulatory lag. That's really why we tried to put that in place in Michigan because we do see significant investment in the future, but it's also allowing us to deal with a period of declining demand with real time adjustments. Similarly, the cost reduction effort that we've had underway since 2005 was undertaken to reduce costs in anticipation of rising rates as we make investments. We really wanted to minimize those rate increases. We've taken several hundred million out of our costs since 2005 and by doing that have gotten good at cost reduction. So when the downturn came we were able to move quickly. And as you will see our plan calls for $100 million of additional cost take out in 2009. And one perspective I'd offer on this is that that cost reduction could feel like an undisciplined scrambled and unsustainable set of reductions. It is not. Our people have gotten good at this over the past three years. I've been asked “Isn't it harder to take out costs since you've been taking out costs here recently?” And the answer I give is that it's actually easier in some sense because your people have developed the skills, the tools and the knowledge and that enabled us to react quickly as the national economy moved into retrenchment late in 2008. So taken together the file and use rate making and the cost reduction initiatives are enabling us to put forth a 2009 plan that will provide solid earnings in a soft economic environment. Is going to allow us to hold our cash flows and our credit metrics in line and allows us to confidently support our dividend at current levels. In addition, I think it's fair to say we are working well with the Michigan Public Service Commission. We work jointly together last year on legislation. That was a process that built trust between our organization and the Public Service Commission. I think recent proceedings for both Detroit Edison and Michigan have been fair and constructive. That's not to say that the commission isn't going to push us appropriately. They will. But I think the state wants DTE to invest significantly in Michigan. They want us to be part of the economic solution here in the state. And they know that we need to be healthy for that to happen. On slide number 4 there are really three topics that we want to cover today. I'm going to give an overview of 2008 and a quick look forward to 2009. I'll then turn it over to Dave Meador who is going to go into the 2008 results and 2009 guidance and plan in more detail and then we will talk at the end about future investment and growth opportunities that the company has. So on slide number 5, I think it's fair to say all in all we had a successful year in 2008. We achieved EPS growth year-over-year of 3%. That was despite the emergence of a challenging economy in the second half of the year. Right into December we thought that it was going to be more like 6% growth. We did have a catastrophic storm on December 29th as it turned out. That was about 20 million in total cost. So that was something we had to absorb at the end of the year. Our cash flow and Balance sheet metrics were right where we wanted them to be. In fact, we came out a bit ahead of our cash flow goals. I would say that our most significant accomplishment last year from a strategic perspective was the passage of Energy Legislation that significantly improved the regulatory structure in the state and the climate for investment. And as I've just described also gives us some tools to deal with current downturn that simply weren't there prior to the legislation. That legislation also put in place two new important growth platforms within the utilities, those being renewable energy and energy efficiency or energy optimization. And importantly, both of those have dedicated funding streams. So we won't be asked to make the investments and look later for the cash flows and earnings to cover them. Those cash flow streams are available upfront. We have solid earnings in our non-utility businesses and put in place several new investments we think are going to play out well in the future. And we continue to have strong focus on cost reductions that have put us in a position to continue those in 2009. On slide number 6 I said I think our most important accomplishment of '08 was the legislation strengthened the state regulatory framework. That had four key provisions. The first being provision that dealt with customer choice. Customer choice was capped at 10% by the legislation just as fundamentally we dealt with securing of rates so costs are now, rates are now cost-based. And the fact that we also have a choice tracker I think is we can pretty fairly say that something that was a big issue for us three years or four years ago has been effectively dealt with. Second key provision of the legislation was file and use rate making. I think many of you are aware that we are on a rate case cycle that took 18 months to 24 months. The legislation calls for rate cases now to be dealt within 12 months so there is a hard deadline in 12 months. We can self implement after six months and we use a forward test here in the cases. So the sum of all that is that we really have dealt with a regulatory lag and that's true both for capital investments and for changes in load which is more to the point this year. The renewable portfolio standard in energy efficiency provisions put in place what I think is a program that does a nice job of balancing between significant investments and renewables and energy efficiency, balanced by provisions that provide off ramps and cost controls. So for residential customers, for example, the impact is capped at $3 a month for the RPS provisions. Important to us is that as I mentioned there are separate funding provisions that put us in a good position from a cash perspective to fund these programs. Finally there is a certificate of need provision that will be important to us when we take on major investments some years down the road. So we feel we enter 2009 with a good regulatory framework in place. And on slide number 7 that's laid out. We have 11% allowed our ROEs at both of our utilities; Detroit Edison 11% was confirmed in the rate case order that came out in late December of 2008. We have a file and use rate making provisions that I've just discussed. We have a number of important tracking mechanisms that helped to manage risk. Storm tracker was added in the Detroit Edison case in December. We have an electric choice tracker and an uncollectible tracker at Michigan which is also important in the current environment. And I think you know that we have both power supply cost recovering and GCR provisions in the two utilities. In terms of regulatory priorities for the coming year we continue to work on strengthening our relationship with our customers and our regulators and we know those go hand in hand and I think the key things that we can control to make that happen are to continue to work our costs so that the rate impacts on our customers are as small as possible and the second is customer satisfaction. Just a quick indicator of our work there. One of the things that's tracked by our commission is complaints from customers and those are down 30% over the last two years. We've really been working hard on that as part of our overall regulatory agenda. We have two important rate filings this year; Detroit Edison filed its next rate case on January 26. We expect to self implement under that case in July. Michigan will file a case in mid 2009 that will then play out in mid 2010 and we will supplement under that case early in 2010. There are couple of additional tools that we are talking with the commission about; one is an uncollectible tracker at Detroit Edison. There is interest in pursuing revenue decoupling at both utilities and so we will discuss that in the current Detroit Edison rate case and there is clearly interest at Michigan to discuss decoupling both because of the energy efficiency work that we are going to be doing. Finally one of our key success factors is to get the renewables and energy optimizations program kicked off well this year and on that front we file for the first time we have an initial filing in about a week on those. So in addition to working this regulatory agenda we continue to work our cost agenda. Slide number 8 discusses that. You can see on the left hand side what we've played out over the last few years. Since 2005, our cost in absolute terms have gone down 60 million but in reality the costs we've taken out has been far more than that because clearly in that time period we've had wage increases for much of that period commodity prices were rising sharply. We put in place new scrubbers, new SCRs which brought operating costs and a new SAP system. And the costs of all of those things were not only offset but more than offset by the several hundred million dollars that we've taken out of costs since 2005. And as I mentioned the 2009 plan calls for us to take an additional $100 million out of our O&M. So turning an overview of the 2009 plan on the next slide. I would start by saying that I believe the plan is based on realistic assumptions about the economy and about electric demand. We started our thinking about demand levels by doing a detailed bottom up build. We have the ability to model our service territories plant by plant, facility by facility, and we've done that. But in addition we have then taken what that modeling provides us and compared that by looks back at prior periods when we had strong economic retrenchment. And the sum of all that is that we are actually planning for the softest two-year period in the post war era. We were down 3% last year. We were looking at another 6% in electric demand this year. We feel in doing that that we've been realistic in what we're planning for. In addition to that we're trying to build in flexibility in our plan to deal with anything else unforeseen that may come up. So we are dealing with that economic weakness really in two ways from the written cost perspective and from the revenue perspective. And on the cost side I just mentioned the $100 million of additional cost take out. On the revenue side, we will be able mid year this year to offset load decline through self implementation in Detroit Edison through the file and use implement provisions. Then in addition to those two things we're looking for solid performance out of our non-utility businesses. In terms of goals for this year we're looking to preserve solid earnings levels that comfortably support our dividend. You can see that the center of our guidance is at 290, which is right where we finished up last year. This plan enables us to deliver strong cash flows and balance sheet metrics. To help preserve the balance sheet we have delayed some capital expenditures. You will see that our plan year-over-year down over $300 million on capital. That's not unusual. Many in industry around the country are taking that step. With that said longer term we do expect the return to 5% to 6% EPS growth tied to investments in environmental upgrades at our power plants, the renewables in energy efficiency programs that I mentioned and investments in our non-utility businesses. Exact timing of that is hard to pinpoint. And it really will be tied to when the broader economy begins to make the turn and we and others are comfortable beginning to invest fully in that program. So to wrap up from my piece is this in slide number 10. Our fundamental goals in 2009 are to successfully implement a full regulatory agenda. There is a rate case for Detroit Edison, filing for MichCon and the RPS in energy optimization programs. Secondly, we are going to go hard after costs and continue to deliver cost savings and we are going to do that in a way that's sustainable that helps us to accelerate deliver cost savings and we are going to do that in a way that's sustainable that the improvement that we've been trying to make at the company. And finally we are going to execute the plan that Dave is about to layout for you. We think it's a realistic plan that will provide us, stable earnings, strong balance sheet, support our dividend comfortably and put us in a position to emerge from 2009 ready to resume growth as economic conditions ease. So with that as introduction over to Dave to talk more about '08 and '09.
Dave Meador: Thanks, Gerry, and good morning. I'm going to start on slide number 12 with an overview of 2008. We achieved our operating earnings of $2.90 per share versus $2.82 per share in the prior year despite a very challenging national recession as Gerry mentioned. As you know we proactively started taking our costs in 2005 and in May of last year when we saw the recession start to bite down hard we saw trends both in the electric load and in bad debt expense that we didn't like. We have to proactively went to work to offset these items which allowed the utilities to deliver respectable earnings in 2008 despite a difficult recession. Our non-utility businesses performed well and provided $130 million of earnings last year. And our operating metrics improved also on many fronts, actually too many to call out here, but some notable examples as we continue to focus on regulatory relationships, customer satisfaction, employee morale and operations include a couple of the following. Gerry mentioned the MPSE complaints which is a key area of focus actually is tied to our incentive plans. We brought down those complaints 9% in 2008 bringing our two-year improvement to 28%. Our employee safety after several years of working with us really hard is now at first quarter tile and we're not giving up there. Fermi just completed one of its best operating years ever with now 387 days of continuous improvement and a 98.8% capacity factor last year. On the balance sheet, we've always pointed out that our balance sheet strength is a key priority for us at DTE. Nick will cover this more in a few slides down the road here but we weathered the financial market storm of 2008 very well. We had 1.3 billion in cash from operations and strong liquidity of 1.1 billion and we maintain strong credit metrics. Now let me turn to slide number 13 with a more detailed look at 2008 results. Detroit Edison came in at 331 million and while O&M was down $84 million year-over-year it was outpaced by lower load and higher bad debt expense. Two other items that impacted Edison Gerry mentioned was we had losses on our assets and our nonqualified benefits plans last year. That impacted both Edison and MichCon and then an ice storm that showed up very late in the year. Without those last two items we believe we were on track before they showed up to actually deliver on Edison guidance for the year. MichCon had slight improvement in earnings year-over-year. MichCon is in a settlement period which we right now have frozen rates until January of 2010. Results here were driven by higher based gas sales which was part of the settlement and weather. This was partially offset by lower storage margins and conservation. The non-utility businesses contributed 130 million in earnings. Gas midstream continued its track record with improved earnings in 2008 and a notable achievement for this group was the Millennium Pipeline which went into service at the end of the year. Power and industrial was down slightly mostly related to coal services which had some volume loss in 2008 due to synfuels going away. Unconventional gas was down slightly year-over-year. We sold the Core Barnett in early 2008 for 260 million, which was 100% IRR on our investment. So that net income from the Core properties went away, but the remaining properties in western Barnett did well in 2008 with gas and oil prices high during most of the year. The updated reserve data for unconventional gas is in the appendix on Page 37 with total reserves up 29% at 432 BCF and producing wells up 32% at 156 wells. And trading had another very good year. The Group's economic margin was well over 200 million, which translates into about $80 million in economic net income. There's details on this business in the appendix on Page 32. However, due to mark-to-market accounting not all of that economic profit is recognized in 2008 and will benefit the future years. So the total here is 471 million or $2.90 per share with about 163 million shares outstanding. On slide number 14, I'll shift and talk about guidance for 2009. As Gerry indicated our goals are to deliver stable earnings during this recession and at the same time preserve and strengthen our financial metrics to support future growth. The plan assumes realistic and I would also argue conservative assumptions about electric load which I'll cover in more detail on the next slide. We are targeting earnings at Detroit Edison of 355 million to 385 million and at MichCon of 70 million to 80 million. Gas midstream will show continued earnings growth with a full year Millennium Pipeline now coming in service and new storage projects coming online. The power and industrial business was impacted by the economy and while coal services within that group will be up year-over-year in 2009 the coke battery sustained significant volume declines as the steel industry volumes have come off. Depending on how the stimulus package which is directed at infrastructure and the autos works out there is potential upside to these numbers as the steel volumes return to their historical levels. In energy trading we are projecting to continue at a steady state of delivering at the $40 million to $45 million rate of earning. The business will benefit from some of the role on from 2008 economic profit that I just mentioned. However, that will be offset by reduced margins in 2009. So, the total here for 2009 is 445 million to 505 million or 275 per share to 305 per share with 164 million shares outstanding. Starting on slide number 15 I'm going to take a couple of slides here to walk through our thinking on a key driver of earnings and I know something that you're interested in and that's electric load. But first let me step back and give you some background. In 2008, electric load was flat year-over-year for the first two quarters and by the fourth quarter reflecting on the weakening economy it was down 3%. We use a variety of factors to project load including looking back to history including prior deep recessions and we also do an auto facility, plant by plant build up as we are doing our analysis. So, let me take you through this an each panel going clockwise on slide number 15. On the top left we use an in-house economic modeling process to project a continued decline in auto production. 2009 service territory production is projected to be down at about 1.4 million units down from 2008. This is consistent with an annual sales forecast that you might hear about nationally of 10 million to 11 million units and certainly down from the 16 million units that the autos were running at an early 2008. The rest of the U.S. auto production as you can see on the bottom of those stack bars is down as well down from a peak in 2007 or for the rest of the country down 22% over that timeframe. Over the years the direct automotive exposure has become a smaller piece of the electric load at Edison and while important to the overall Michigan economy is only about 5% to 6% of gross margin at Edison. In terms of total load loss on the top right hand side of the slide we dug back into history and looked at the largest load drops in the post war period. The 2009 guidance assumptions are in line with the severe recessions of the 70s and the early 80s. However, our mix also has changed over time as you can see with industrials coming down from 40% of load in 1974 to about 25% of load today. So while we expect about a 14% drop in that segment of our load it's certainly a much smaller piece of the pie. On the bottom right we display the rules of thumb on load that we thought would be helpful which is $15 million pretax for residential for 1% load loss versus 13 million for commercial and 5 million for industrial. And on the bottom left just to show you some history and then our projections after showing a 3% drop in 2008 we are using a projected 6% drop in 2009 and then flat going forward. With the mid year file and implement that Gerry mentioned the actual margin loss will be about half of what we show you in these charts. So slide number 16 summarizes the load and planning assumptions pulls us together. We believe the underlying auto production assumptions are conservative and we assume unnamed plant closures that haven't been announced in our planning. I want to reemphasize that automotive is only 5% to 6% of the margin and within that automotive slide, Chrysler is 2.5% of load and about 1% of margin just to size this up. The reduced automotive exposure is behind industrial load going down over the years from 40% to 25% as I mentioned. The guidance assumes what we believe to be a very realistic and what I would support a conservative load assumption and that offset with the cost reductions that Gerry talked about and the partial rate self implementation that we will do in July of this year. Given all of this we have Edison being targeted at 10% return on equity and then we deliver on all our balance targets for that business. Post-2009, we expect Edison to return to its authorized return on equity which today is at 11%. As a side note, our January actual load as we close the books came in about a 1.5% favorable to our planning assumptions and just to keep in mind that Chrysler had an extended shutdown that started in the holidays and kept their plants closed for all of January, so, if you are trying to get a sense of our – the realistic perspective of our load assumptions we think January is a good indicator of how this year might play out that we came in slightly favorable to our assumptions. On slide number 17 as a year-over-year walk for Detroit Edison, I've covered on margin and load already. So let me comment on a few other items. Edison's employees benefit costs will be higher due to lower asset levels in those plans. Next, the December 2008 rate increase will provide about 55 million in earnings and a combination of the mid year self implementation and cost reductions will provide roughly 90 million to 120 million of earnings for the year. So that brings Edison to a total of 355 million to 385 million. Slide number 18 is an assumption page for MichCon. This business as I mentioned earlier is operating under a settlement agreement which froze rates until 2010 – January 2010. During this period MichCon has faced higher costs and declining margins. And to mitigate some of that pressure an agreement was reached to sell what we refer to as the first base gas sale which happened in 2008. We're currently have pending a proposal and we're seeking approval for a second base gas sale that will happen in 2009. The current plans are to file a new rate case under the new law for MichCon this summer and self implement rates in January 2010. And the same thing with Edison, MichCon intensely focused on cost reductions and we expect this business also to return to its authorized return on equity next year. On slide number 19 is a year-over-year walk for Edison where you can see – excuse me, MichCon. Here you can see similar to Edison we've got higher pension expense. The remaining base gas sale in 2009 is lower than what was sold in 2008. And then we also have higher depreciation and interest. This is partially offset with additional cost reduction actions that we're taking in that business and brings the total guidance for MichCon to 70 million to 80 million. Now let me turn it over to Nick who will take you through a brief overview of capital and cash and liquidity.
Nick Khouri: Thank you, Dave. Good morning. These are times of unusual stress in the credit and equity markets and it's – in times like this that our prior commitment to improve cash flow and balance sheet strength pace real dividends. We are managing both short term liquidity and our long term debt and equity targets to weather the current storm. Page 20 details capital and cash flow for both 2008 and 2009. Total capital for DTE reached 1.48 billion last year, up about 165 million or 13% from 2007. Most of last year's capital increase reflected higher spending at Detroit Edison. Moving to 2009, our plan is based on capital expenditures of approximately 1.15 billion. As Gerry mentioned responding to the local economy year-over-year capital has been reduced for all segments of DTE, but a little over half of the decline is due to retiming of environmental spending at Detroit Edison. And as Dave is going to mention later we still expect to spend about $1 billion in environmental remediation during the next five years but we have delayed spending in 2009 to create additional balance sheet flexibility. The right hand side of page 20 shows standard cash flow statement for 2008 and 2009. Last year, free cash flow was negative about 200 million. Asset sales and dividends roughly offset each other leaving about a $200 million increase in total outstanding debt. This year free cash flow is expected to be positive by approximately 200 million. After dividends and asset sales we expect to be at about net cash neutral. Also this year as shown in the bullet on the bottom of Page 20 we will return to funding our dividend reinvestment plan and internal compensation plans with new shares, which was temporarily suspended during the monetization program. Looking beyond 2009 as we've said in the past we expect to issue new shares from time to time to support the utilities growth plans. Finally, we ended last year within our leverage target of 50% to 52% and the ratio of cash flow to debt between 20% and 22%. Page 21 shows here on liquidity. We have total bank credit facilities of 1.9 billion supporting our commercial paper program. In late September and early October we drew down 400 million of credit line to assure us flexibility in case of CP markets did not reopen. By year-end we had paid back 150 million of this drawn amount. For us, the CP market is returned to pre-crisis pricing. In fact, CP rates are now generally below levels of last fall. As a result we will pay down all of last year's bank draw by the end of this month. Against this capacity of nearly 2 billion at year-end we had 349 million of commercial paper outstanding and 300 million of letters of credit leaving unused capacity of over $1 billion. It's also important to note that we have only $1,200,000,000 bond maturity this year. Of course, we expect to opportunistically issue debt at the utilities from time to time to improve liquidity and fund our utility investment program. We believe we have a plan and sufficient contingency to manage the current credit crisis. With that let me turn it back over to Dave to discuss future growth opportunities.
Dave Meador: Thanks Nick. Let me continue on slide number 23. Thanks Nick. Let me continue on slide number 23. We have outlined our thinking on 2009, and I want to shift here for a couple of pages, and discuss DTE's future growth post the economic crisis. Our investment outlook supports our long-term growth rate of 5% to 6%. First on the utility side of the business we have said most of the utility capital is compliance in nature and while we have some flexibility, and we have shifted some of that capital out of 2009, the money eventually will be invested. The utility growth plan is heavily driven by new and existing state and federal regulations that drive environmental investments. Additionally, Michigan's Energy Legislation as Gerry talked to will drive significant investment, in renewable power and energy optimization. On the non-utility side of the business, we'll expect to return to a more historical level of investments post-recession. As you know we pursue projects with premium returns and have a long history of creating value for our shareholders. On slide number 24 is an environmental investment outlook. Based on our current regulations on the books, we project that we will spend over $1 billion on mandated environmental expenditures. As you know, we have a long history of full recovery of environmental expenditures in Michigan. Also we will continue to play an active role in shaping the state environmental policy as well as through EEI, and Gerry and Tony's role there on Federal environmental policies going forward. On slide number 25 is an overview of Detroit Edison's renewable energy program. We'll file our RPS filing for Detroit Edison and the energy optimization filing for both utilities on March 4. There will be much more detail on those filings and we will put out an investor relations summary after we make the filing. I do want to point out that these two programs will result in substantial investments over the next six years. Renewable energy will be substantially made up of wind and we will drive over $1 billion in capital spending. While energy optimization where we are filing with the premise that we will be capitalizing up to two thirds of those expenditures, we will start with about an annual expenditure for the two utilities of 50 million and that will grow over time. On slide number 26, I would like to briefly touch base on the opportunities in our non-utility businesses. In Gas Midstream, this is where we owned about 90 BCF of storage, 40% of the Vector Pipeline and 26% of the Millennium Pipeline, we see ongoing expansion in both storage and pipelines to capture a value from the new gas supply flows from the Midwest to the Northeast. In power and industrial, this is where we have our four coke batteries and pulverized coal projects. We also have our coal services business and our non-regulated renewable business line, where we have 20 landfill gas projects and three wood burning power plants. Here we see growing renewable energy opportunities in both landfill gas and the ongoing conversion of coal boilers to waste wood. In unconventional gas, where we hold 60,000 acres in the western Barnett, our strategy is to continue to develop the remaining properties to create maximum value. We will continue to monetize properties at the right time, both in their development cycle and during the future favorable commodity markets. Let me wrap up on slide number 27. Our results in 2008 were respectable in an extremely challenging environment. As Gerry laid out for us, the Michigan Energy Legislation provides key new tools to address the impact of a week economy, and also the two new utility platforms, renewable energy and energy optimization have dedicated funding mechanism. The energy optimization surcharge will start in June and the renewable energy surcharge will start in the fall. Our 2009 plan is realistic and we believe if needed we are prepared to respond to any new news that comes on the economic front. And our dividend at $2.12 per share is well supported by our plans to provide an attractive yield at current prices. And with that, we're more than happy to take your questions at this time.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions). Our first question is from John Kiani from Deutsche Bank.
John Kiani – Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Gerry Anderson: Good morning. John.
Dave Meador: Good morning.
John Kiani – Deutsche Bank: A few questions. First, on the 2009 guidance, just wanted to be clear it sounds like there – is there an incremental 100 million of cost cutting or O&M savings that is assumed or embedded in that guidance?
Gerry Anderson: Yes, we are pursuing an incremental companywide $100 million cost reduction.
John Kiani – Deutsche Bank: So I guess that's about $0.38 a share or so based on my calculations. Can you talk a little bit about where that's coming from and what the drivers of that $0.38 are?
Gerry Anderson: I would say, John, that it's heavily already in place. We saw the economy softening like everybody else did in the fourth quarter and by year-end we had moved to put our leadership and team in place around the plans we just talked about. These aren't back end weighted or anything of that nature. They are I would say 90% to 95% implemented at this point. And they really are playing out around the company, significant piece of Detroit Edison, MichCon as well. And then the non-utility businesses have dug in on costs to in this environment.
Dave Meador: John, just to build on that, just to give you a sense, 60 million to 70 million of that comes just right through procurement. We virtually brought commodity spend and PO by PO, and brought in a lot of our relationships and just said we know commodity prices have come off and we wanted a significant step down in prices and got that. We also pressed hard on contract labor and other outside spend and working all the other levers. With the goal that 80% of what we're doing, we wanted out of the box we wanted to be sustainable savings, not just scope reductions or one-time cost cutting. And then during the year we are going to work our continuous improvement hard to backfill that other 20%. That we – there were one time things that we did that are not sustainable but over time we want to backfill that.
John Kiani – Deutsche Bank: And so then – that's helpful. And so when we think abut the rate case filing, the rate increases you're asking for, for O&M at Detroit Edison I guess are net of these decreases at the utility?
Gerry Anderson: That's right. So we are going to be – I think we will be in discussions with the regulators about the cost reduction efforts. They know we're pursuing those, but we do see pressures on costs in addition to pressures on revenues. Both of those are assumed in the case.
John Kiani – Deutsche Bank: I see. And then also one other question. I guess looks like you all had sold some base gas in the quarter. Can you talk a little bit about if you expect that to recur or not and how much the efficiency of the storage facilities were improved?
Gerry Anderson: Well, we did pursue one last year and we will be pursuing one this year. There are limits to the number of those that you can do. So, I wouldn't see that as an ongoing recurring item. But this really was the basis of the agreement that we reached with the Commission and a number of other parties, the settlement that we reached around MichCon to essentially not be in a rate case until early next year. But in return, we were able to sell base gas from these facilities.
John Kiani – Deutsche Bank: And is the amount you are assuming in your 2009 guidance roughly the same as 2008 or I came up with about $0.07 or so?
Gerry Anderson: It's down a little. I think in the walk for MichCon, you can see that there is an $8 million difference between the two sales. So that's the differential. I think the volumes a little different, but the price environment is also lower.
John Kiani – Deutsche Bank: Sure. Sure. Okay. Thank you.
Gerry Anderson: You bet.
Operator: Moving on our next question is from Dan Eggers from Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Hey, good morning.
Gerry Anderson: Hi, Dan.
Dave Meador: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Hey, can you just talk a little bit about maybe a little more color on the bad debt expense trends at Detroit Edison and MichCon, if they are substantial, and what are the mechanisms for trying to resolve that through the first half of '09 and then with the rate case how that gets trued up for us?
Dave Meador: This is Dave. If you looked at MichCon, net of the tracker, the bad debt expense for 2007 was 41 million. In 2008, it was 48 million. So net of tracker it's up slightly. If you recall we get $0.90 on the dollar over what is in base rates, which was $38 million. And we believe that tracker mechanism is working well and as we refile the MichCon rate case in June of this year, we are assuming that will continue. Detroit Edison's expense is up. It was – in 2007 it was 65 million. In 2008 it was 87 million, but the 87 million includes an accounting shift as we wanted to be more conservative in how we recognize bad debt expense for Detroit Edison. So we are assuming. And then on Detroit Edison, we are pursuing a tracker in this rate case, similar to what we have at MichCon. But until then for 2009, we're assuming flat year-over-year bad debt expense. We believe this is peak that we're on top of this and those that can afford to pay we're working closely with them on getting assistance and we believe there's going to be additional assistance in the stimulus package that's coming through. And those that can afford to pay that aren't, we are being pretty aggressive on that front also.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Are you seeing any meaningful trends kind of late pays and kind of the time of bills outstanding at this point?
Dave Meador: We had already seen that. I think we have talked before that. Our recession in Michigan led the national recession, so that played out really in 2006, 2007, 2008 for us. And I think you're going to see in other service territories, they are going to be catching up to us, but we had already seen our arrears go up and our bad debt expense go up and we believe that's plateaued.
Gerry Anderson: I guess one additional comment would be at MichCon, we do have the tracker. We are working hard on a real basis to on our collection efforts, and on getting Federal assistance to people. So we think that, that is not a significant exposure. At Detroit Edison we did have, Dave mentioned, an accounting adjustment last year that overstated on a real basis what we had on uncollectibles. So the flat this year does show some increase in underlying uncollectibles, offset by this accounting adjustment last year. And similarly, the combination of our collection efforts and trying to get some of the increased aid to people we really feel we can keep it where we have shown it.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: I guess since we're going to go through the first of the new rate cases with the legislative action in place, can you walk me through how you guys will adjust rates given the weak volumes in '08, probably the lower expectations for demand growth in '09, than you would have had a few months ago how that all rolls in or how that gets adjusted from what you filed to the implement date?
Gerry Anderson: You are specifically talking here about the volumes?
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: We talk about all of the volumes is probably one of the big headline numbers I would assume.
Gerry Anderson: Well, part of the rate case is a forward projection on volumes, so we took our best shot at realistically projecting what volumes would be in this environment. And when July comes, we will have an opportunity to see where things stand versus the projections that are there in the rate case. And I think one of the things we will self-implement on will be our actual experience around volumes. So six months into this case, we are going to true up to where we see actual volumes at the time. And as the case plays out over the balance of the year, we expect it to be resolved by year-end, and new rates in effect early next year. I think we will be able to see where volume goes, relative to the full year projections that we had in the case.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: That would mean that really minus 6% volumes would hurt the first half of this year, by July the file and implement will true you up, so you are not going to have any more drag, that's how it, correct?
Gerry Anderson: That's right. So – one way to think about it is we are going to true up the volumes in the regulatory process and the cost reductions are aimed at dealing with any period that we don't have that true-up.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: And I guess either Dave or Nick on Slide 21, you show the liquidity, but you also make note that 975 million of your credit facilities expire in '09. When are you guys thinking you are going to get that renewed, just to make sure there is a little cushion in what has been a pretty volatile credit market.
Nick Khouri: This is Nick. We are going to start early. In fact, we are starting now. As you say about half of the 1.9 of bank credit comes due this October. But we do have a strong group of 22 banks, 23 banks, no single bank having more than 9% of the total amount we need. So we are going to start now, have plenty of time, and we are confident we are going to get back up to that 975 million that we have right now.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: You are thinking about that $1 billion of liquidity is where you guys think your comfort level is? Is that the right number?
Nick Khouri: That's what we tended to have. This is – it cycles throughout the years as commercial paper goes up and down because of the needs of the utilities. But essentially we've targeted $1 billion of unused capacity year in and year out.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Got it. Okay. Thank you, guys.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: What was the benefit of the base gas sale in '08?
Dave Meador: 22 million pre-tax.
Gerry Anderson: 22 million pre-tax. Roughly 60% of that after-tax.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: And what was the accounting change for your bad debt at Detroit Edison? What did that at the year by?
Gerry Anderson: Peter, do you want to answer that?
Peter Oleksiak: Approximately like $15 million. Really what that was, was taking a look at the entire reserves, the deep dive, and really kind of more of a reflection of what we thought the collectability was going to be. So really what a pull ahead of reserves that Gerry mentioned. It was somewhat of anomaly when you look at the underlying year.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: It really went from like 65 million to 72 million , is that fair?
Peter Oleksiak: 65 million to approximately 80 million. We ended up around $85 million for the year for Edison.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: But that 85 million includes 15 million of accounting changes?
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. Right.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Okay. And then at MichCon bad debt went from 41 million to 48 million, but you absorb only 10% of that incremental 7? Is that the right way to look at it?
Nick Khouri: The 7 was the incremental that we absorbed.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, if you look at the number pre-tracker, it went from 70 to 126 on a gross basis. After tracker, it's 41 to 48.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: And then the 100 million of savings on O&M, we shouldn't think the O&M line is going down 100 million, it's going down 100 million than originally planned, is that?
Gerry Anderson: It's going down 100 million, but there obviously, there always pressures the other way inside businesses. So when I talked about 200 million over the last few years, you can see that the actual number is down 60, but that's offset wage increases and price increases, et cetera. So we have some of those pressures this year and we are throwing the 100 million against that.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: So net-net the O&M line should be up still?
Gerry Anderson: It depends by business, but yes, on some of the businesses you can see from the Detroit Edison rate case that we have got a significant cost reduction, offset by cost pressures, so there is a net up there. And we will deal with that and how that plays out in the rate process.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: On a consolidated basis what should the O&M line do?
Dave Meador: I would expect it to net-net to go down that this is different than other years where you had 3% to 4% wage inflation plus other items that you buy inflating, in the last five years inflating them much higher than that so we are seeing deflation on many of the things that we're procuring. And we haven't made a final decision yet, but we might not have wage inflation this year, is another factor. So we've got some decisions that we have yet to make, but generally, I would expect that O&M would be going down, net of all the other offsets in this environment.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: And Nick you said mentioned a couple of times that you will need to tap equity markets for Detroit Edison initiatives. Can you kind of talk about, is that above the DRIP and kind of when you anticipate the timing of that and the methodology to do that?
Nick Khouri: What we have said this morning, what we have said consistent with the past is that 2009 we are turning the DRIP back on and the current plan does not foresee any additional equity in 2009. And past that, it will depend on – our first target is our balance sheet targets obviously, and how much we issue and when and how will depend on both our capital plans and whatever is required to meet our balance sheet target.
Gerry Anderson: I think just to add to that we've talked about the renewable and energy optimization programs as a source of growth, but they do have their own funding streams. So we don't see that as a cause of equity issuance. So it would really come down to investments in the environmental programs that our power plants and perhaps some growth at MichCon that might be the variables and we have some flexibility around that. As you know, the compliance date on environmental is 2015. So it probably depends on how the economy picks up as to when we feel comfortable moving back into that spending stream. And it is really that spending that will eventually require equity to keep the balance sheet in place inline.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Our next question is from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Good morning, guys.
Gerry Anderson: Hi, Paul
Nick Khouri: Good morning, Paul
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Just on the level of self-implementation, what kind of – what are the limits to it I guess? What would stop you from, what are the limits in terms of what stops you from necessarily putting in the entire rate amount?
Gerry Anderson: Well, I guess a couple of comments and then maybe Dave can add. One would be that any amount that we would self-implement that was above the amount that was ultimately awarded, we'd refund, and you refund that with interest. So there is a discipline in the process. And I think the second would be that our plan is to implement for things that we think are a quite certain part of the process, so we will know what our load has done and we will self-implement for that. We will know what our investments in change and rate base have been and so forth so we will implement those items. There will probably be some other items that are going to be more matters of discussion and judgment back and forth in the case and those are less likely to be implemented.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. Do we look at the 89 million to 119 million which includes O&M reductions and what have you – how should we think about the breakdown between the – I'm looking at slide number 17, how should we think about the breakdown between self-implementation and these O&M reductions and these improvement in stuff?
Dave Meador: We actually don't think that it's in our best interests and it's early, I will talk about that in a minute, to start giving a breakdown and say this is in February how much I think I am going to self-implement in July. Part of the answer is also, I don't know. As Gerry indicated our inclination right now is that we would self-implement items that are known and measurable and as I would describe as hard rate adjustments and that could include load, bad debt, and assets that go into service. And we are going to have to wait and see and we will make an assessment in June. We will look at load, we will look at bad debt at Detroit Edison and we will also look at our underlying rate base and we will make a decision at that point in time as to how much we will self-implement. We think as we step into this for the first time as a company, it's something that we have to not overreach on and we also have to be mindful of what's going on in the economy and with our customers. So these will be things, it will be a – that's why we described it as a partial and try not to signal too specific, because to do that would assume more than I know at this point in time.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Fair enough. Let me ask you guys on the economic outlook. Just from a sort of a big picture perspective, thanks for all the detail, much appreciated, I guess what I am wondering is that we do hear sort of the horror stories that come out in terms of what might happen to the national economy, if one of the big three goes under. Obviously, there is hyper ably a lot of things that one hears in the media, what have you, but, can you give us a flavor what would I mean how these projections correspond, if in fact, we did have one of the big three go into receivership or something, how that – how do we look at that, I mean you guys gave us the number for the load from the auto and stuff, but how do we think about that in terms of the economic impact on Michigan on your service territory and how does that correspond to something that you guys are projecting right now? I mean you guys mentioned flexibility that you guys are prepared to deal with some contingencies and everything and that you clearly been assessing the situation. How should we think about if we are to see a headline cross saying that one of these guys wasn't going to be around, how should we think about that in terms of impacting you guys?
Gerry Anderson: We will probably tag team this, Paul, but let me just start it. I would say, first of all, when people talk about employment impacts, in the auto sector, there are significant employment impacts nationally. The autos are a bigger employer than they are an energy user. So if you were to compare auto to steel or petrochemical in terms of energy intensity, they just aren't there. They are a big employer. It’s true in Michigan, but it's true in a number of other states as well. The second thing I would say is that we actually tried to be very realistic about this in terms of facilities that will be operational facilities that won't and we've assumed some significant consolidation, because we think that will happen. I don't think it makes sense for us to be specific as to company or facility, but I would generally characterize things the way I've just described it. Finally when you talk about headlines about somebody going into restructuring, we had experience in other industries that have gone into restructuring. The real question there then is, is the process one where the facilities come through restructured, operational, and in a better position to be more healthy long-term? So I think the question is, is the government going to ensure process here that's orderly where there is restructuring done and hard decisions made, but that's done in an orderly and structured process. Our judgment is that at this point, in this economy, and in this administration, decision to say that we're going to pursue in a disorderly unstructured process in the auto industry is highly unlikely. So our anticipation is that there will be hard decisions made and restructuring of the sort that we've assumed and that the autos will come out with a much more competitive cost and benefit structure, which long-term for us is going to be a healthy thing in this state.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. Thanks a lot, guys.
Gerry Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Yiktat Fung from Zimmer Lucas.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas: Good morning.
Dave Meador: Good morning.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas: Can you first of all comment on the payout ratio that you target in for long-term?
Dave Meador: We said the dividend payout ratio were about 70% now. We've said before we targeted about 70% to 80% payout ratio funded mostly from the utilities.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas: Okay. So basically you guys are right on target?
Dave Meador: Within the range, yes.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas: Okay. And secondly, you talked a bit about targeting on balance sheet when you are assessing equity needs. What exactly do you target?
Dave Meador: We target – you can measure it in a million different ways, but we target leverage as I said leverage somewhere between 50% to 52% and a cash flow metric FFO to debt of somewhere between 20% and 22%.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas: Okay. And just one final question. I know that you guys aren't really talking about specifics of that self-implementation. I was just wondering when you do the self-implementation, do you assume the ROE that you guide in the previous rate case or do you assume what you file in this current rate case?
Dave Meador: We assume that previous rate case. So 11% right now for Detroit Edison, which is what we just received in December.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas: Okay. Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question is from Reza Hatefi from Decade Capital.
Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital: Thank you very much. When I look at slide number 17, and you have 10.0 ROE as part of your 2009 guidance, is that a GAAP ROE?
Dave Meador: As opposed to?
Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital: As opposed to regulatory ROE?
Peter Oleksiak: It is a GAAP ROE.
Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital: Is your regulatory ROE about 100 BPs or so lower than your GAAP ROE?
Peter Oleksiak: Not too many differences at this point in Edison between the wrap and the GAAP ROE.
Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital: Is it the same case – is it the same for the MichCon ROE that's the GAAP and the regulatory are fairly equal?
Dave Meador: Pretty close.
Peter Oleksiak: Pretty close.
Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Dave Meador: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Phyllis Gray from Dwight Asset Management.
Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management: Good morning. I have a question about slide number 20.
Dave Meador: Okay.
Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management: The adjusted cash from operations projection for 2009, does that include any synfuel production payments or refunds?
Dave Meador: It includes about $100 million of synfuels not production payments or refunds, but it does include some of the credits that we build up during the synfuel years we're using.
Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management: Okay. And the capital spending of 1.5 billion lifted for 2008, what is the difference between that amount and the amount in the cash flow statement that was provided with the earnings release? It seems a bit higher.
Nick Khouri: We're looking that up now. We think it's investment in joint ventures, different treatment of that, it's a cash flow statement. The bottom line cash flow statement should be the same.
Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management: Okay.
Nick Khouri: But we'll have to look that up, we think it's investment in joint ventures and how it's treated and what category it's treated on the cash flow statement.
Gerry Anderson: We can get back to you with the specific reconciliation.
Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management: Okay. Thanks very much.
Gerry Anderson: You're welcome.
Operator: And that's all the time we have for questions today. Speakers, I will turn the conference back to you for additional or closing remarks.
Dave Meador: I just want to thank everybody for joining us today. And as always if you have any follow-up questions or concerns feel free to call the Investor Relations department. And then as I mentioned, we will be making our filing on the renewable energy and energy optimization on March 4th and we will get a deck out right after that. And again, if you have follow-up questions on that, feel free to call Lisa and her team. Thanks again.
Operator: That does conclude our conference call today. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David E. Meador - EVP and CFO Peter B. Oleksiak - VP, Controller Nick A. Khouri - VP and Treasurer
Analysts: Gregory Gordon - Citigroup
Operator: Good day and welcome to the DTE Energy Third Quarter Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to David Meador. Please go ahead, sir.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Michelle and good morning everybody. And welcome to our third quarter call and I apologize for the music that was on the queue there. We just left... orchestrate our music a little bit better there. Before we get started, I encourage you to read the Safe Harbor statement on page two, including the reference to forward-looking statements. In a little over a week we'll be at EEI and our Chairmen Tony Earley will be joining us at this event and we will be making a presentation on Tuesday morning. Given our full schedule in Arizona, today we would like to keep the call focused on the third quarter and 2008 earnings, but of course we are happy to take all of your questions at the end of the call. With me this morning are Peter Oleksiak, our Vice President and Controller; Nick Khouri, our Vice President and Treasurer; and Lisa Muschong, our Director of Investor Relations. I also have members of the management team on hand to help in Q&A if needed and I might call on them. So let me start here on page five. We believe when taking into account the recent market and economic events, that DTE Energy is a very attractive investment. We have a very strong regulated growth plan that is based on predominantly compliance driven capital spending. Our long-term growth rate is projected to be in the 5% to 6% range. Michigan's recently passed energy legislation it provides a very constructive regulatory environment and eventually will enable billions of dollars to be invested in renewable energy in the State of Michigan which will create jobs. It will help the local economy and it will allow us to provide reliable low cost energy to our customers. Over the next six months, we will work through the renewable energy process with the MPSC and we expect to make our renewable energy and energy optimization filings with the commission in the first quarter of 2009. And we will go into more detail on the RPS and energy optimization timelines and details when we are at EEI. To enable this growth and maximize the value of this recent energy legislation, we're going to continue to focus on constructive regulatory relationships, strong customer satisfaction and a continued focus on cost reductions and capital efficiency. For our non-utility businesses, we continue our track record of delivering value for our shareholders by making select investments where we see a clear path to returns that are premium to utility return. And then last our dividend is currently $2.12 per share which is about a 6% yield given recent stock prices. We believe the growth plan that we've laid out is achievable and when combined with this dividend provides a very attractive total shareholder return. Now let me turn to slide six. As I mentioned a few moments ago after months of hard work, the energy legislation was passed in Michigan and signed by the Governor this fall. This legislation significantly strengthens our regulatory framework. Especially, at a time of weak economic conditions and higher capital spending, compared to historical capital levels. Tony Earley will go into more detail on this significant achievement at EEI. We continue to commit to grow the bottom-line, but at same time; we're going to maintain a strong balance sheet and solid liquidity. This has always been a north star in our growth plan and recent events have made this even more important. Nick Khouri will take you through the details, but we believe we're in solid footing in our current credit metrics so liquidity and our needs to access the debt to capital markets next year. As you know, we initiated a cost reduction program in 2005. And between 2006 and this year, we've driven over $300 million in both O&M and capital savings. So given the way events have played out, it was very timely that we initiated that program in 2005. This year, when you think about the economy and load, we've started the year out assuming kind of conservatively a flat load at Detroit Edison's and starting in the spring, we started to see electric margins decline slightly. And we intensified our cost reduction efforts around that. In regard to cost reduction efforts we are not done and we have reenergized our company wide continuous improvement process. And we are looking at operational and customer satisfaction improvements. Now with the national economy behaving more like the Michigan economy, our case for change is even greater. We need to re-look at everything we do as a way to help reduce rate impacts on our customers and to create as much headroom as possible in the rate making process. If we go to the quarter, I would describe it as a very solid quarter. Peter will take you through the results. We have increased our operating earnings both for the quarter and year-to-date compared to last year, while proactively managing some of the challenges that we faced during the year even with the economic environment and the need for a rate increase at Detroit Edison which we are hopeful will be completed by the end of the year, we are maintaining our guidance for the year of $2.80 to $3.20 a share. Through the nine months this year we have earned over $2 of that goal. We have been thrown some challenges this year, but the employees of DTE Energy have stepped up and helped to offset some of these unforeseen events through continued and one-time cost reductions. While we are maintaining our guidance we don't see us either at the high end of that guidance or at a low end and we are aiming to be solidly in the middle of the range that we provided. We know you are interested in 2009 and the impacts of the credit and economic environment on the company. And we plan on providing guidance early next year since relating on several critical data points. One of those is the Detroit Edison rate case that I mentioned. We expect that to ramp up by the end of the year and another data point is the second base gas sale proceeding for MichCon that's currently under way. In addition, we are watching the economy and the electric growth. We have some information in the appendix for you on the electric growth by customer class and moving ahead you will know about the trends that we are seeing by year end. For both utilities, it's important to remind you that we have now the new filing implement rate proceedings that was provided for in the legislation. It also in the legislation includes the ability to use a forward-looking test here when we make our filings. We anticipate filing a Detroit Edison rate case early next year. And we could self implement some portion of those rates in mid-year. This counts first base gas settlement agreement last year keeps aside of the rate case filing until January 2009. And we expect rates going to... in effect for MichCon in early 2010. And then, similar to the electric company, you would see us most likely file another rate case in 2010 with the ability to self implement portions of that rate increase in mid-year 2010. When you think about a load exposure on a temperature normal basis we are down 1% year-to-date, 2% for the quarter, when you look the year-over-year load. Peter will talk more about this, but I just wanted to size some people are thinking about the potential for further decreases in load going forward. For example, if we lost another 1% of load next year given the file and implement structure that is now placed this would result in about six months of exposure. So if you think about 1% equating to 500 gigawatt hours and $30 million pre-tax and with the file and implement structure in place, we really think about six months exposure which will be about half of that and which will be 250 gigawatts, $15 million pre-tax if we had another 1% load decline. For our non-utility businesses the diversity in those businesses has worked well in the past and the businesses are having a great year this year. These businesses don't face many of the challenges of the utilities and they have contracts in place in many cases for storage, gas transportation, services that we provide and also of further uptakes. We ascertain the broader economic impact on these businesses, but we still believe that we can deliver at the low end of our earnings for 2009 and our previous outlook that we provided. As with the utilities, you'll know more about the non-utility group by year end and we will provide detailed guidance after the first year. But we believe this is going to be an ongoing positive story for DTE Energy. In regard to capital spending, I just want to make a comment here. For our capital, we have to think about three distinct categories. First, going forward which will start late next year and into 2010 and beyond, we will have spending on renewable energy. But renewable energy will have a dedicated revenue stream as provided for in this legislation. Our spending plan for renewable energy will be outlined in our RPS filing that we expect to make early next year. And beyond that if you think about the other categories of capital we have, the environmental capital that I will describe, there is compliance capital and then the last category of capital is the base maintenance capital to utilities and then the non-utility growth capital. For environmental and base capital, we are currently designing our plan for next year with a lot of flexibility and I think that's going to be a theme for 2009 as flexibility. Our current thinking is that over a long-term the utility capital must be spent to safe and maintain safe, reliable and efficient utilities. In the near-term, if needed there is significant flexibility in both the base utility capital and the non-utility growth capital. We currently are anticipating levels of capital for next year that will be very similar to capital that we are spending this year and the details for this year is on page 25. But again that we will be designing next year's plan with significant flexibility as we watch developer economy and the credit markets. When we provide guidance early next year while our line of capital spending plans in detail including giving you some of our thoughts in how we are going to possibly back end load capital spending and make sure that we design our capital plan to give us maximum flexibility given the current economy and credit conditions in the marketplace. So with the opening comments and let me turn it over to Peter, and he'll take you through the quarterly results.
Peter B. Oleksiak - Vice President, Controller: Thanks, Dave. Good morning to everyone. I'll just turn over to page eight which is the standard supplied on the quarter results. For the quarter DTE's operating earnings per share was $1.06. Like to remind everyone that our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings is contained in the appendix. Detroit Edison contributed $0.98 while MichCon was typically had a loss in the third quarter came in a loss of $0.08. The non-utility segments combined to current $0.34. The primary driver to the non-utility quarter results was Power and Industrial Projects at $0.15, Energy Trading at $0.10 and Gas Midstream segment at $0.07 in the quarter. Moving on to page nine, where we show a summary of each segment's performance quarter-over-quarter. I'll be covering each segment in more detail later in the presentation. Overall operating earnings were up $37 million for the quarter, Detriot Edison and MichCon results are... they combined $54 million from the prior year. Our non-utility segments are down collectively $7 million. Our Power and Industrial Projects were up $17 million driven by higher coke margins while Energy Trading was down $28 million due to lower accounting margins quarter-over-quarter. Our trading company has strong year-to-date earnings and is on track to hit our 2008 guidance. I'll talk more about the trading company later in the presentation. Our corporate and other segment was down $10 million due primarily to Power and Industrial segment true-up related to synfuel proceeds. On page 10 is our year-to-date summary of our earnings performance. Overall year-to-date September's operating earnings are up $4 million from prior year. Detroit Edison's earnings are up $23million driven mainly by O&M reductions. Energy Trading earnings are down year-over-year with earnings of $54 million this time last year compared to $37 million to the third quarter of this year. Let us continue on to slide 11, and go through some quarterly details beginning with Detroit Edison. Operating earnings in the quarter for Detroit Edison was a $159 million, up $45 million from the prior year. Margin increased earnings a $11 million as the expiration of the temporary show cause rate reduction and lower customer choice more than offset the reduction in sales due to the economy. The quarter results were also up by the elimination of computer system start-up costs incurred in 2007. Cost improvements in our generation fleet and lower benefit costs also aided the quarter results. The 12 month rolling operating ROE for Edison, it's 10.5%. Page 12, our volumes year-over-year electric sales for the third quarter and year-to-date. We continue to see softening of sales in our service territory. Temperature normal sales were down over 2% for the quarter and are down over 1% year-to-date. We are forecasting an average drop in sales in the fourth quarter and will most likely be down close to 2% for the year. Originally planned our flat sales as Dave mentioned earlier for 2008, but earlier in year we forecasted a 1% to 2% of sales drops this year. Actions have been taken throughout most of the year to reduce our cost structure to be in line with the lower volume of sales. Moving on to page 13 in review of MichCon's performance. As I mentioned earlier that third quarter is typically a loss for the seasonal Gas Utility business, operating earnings for MichCon was a loss of $13 million down $9 million from the prior year. Somewhere the Detroit Edison and MichCon also benefit from the elimination of the 2007 computer systems start-up cost and lower benefit costs. The 12 month rolling operating ROE from MichCon is 10%. Let us turn to page 14, in the Non-utility business segment. Total non-utility operating earnings for the third quarter 2008 are $57 million compared to $64 million in 2007. Gas Midstream earnings are up slightly in 2008 driven by increased stores revenue. Power and Industrial earnings are up $17 million in the quarter due primarily to higher coke revenues, due to higher production and higher profit margin on this production. The segment also benefit from our holding company true-up related to synfuel proceeds as well as some one-time expenses incurred in 2007 are due in the amounts of Asian effort. Unconventional gas earnings also improved as higher gas and oil prices more than offset the loss earnings from the sale the core Barnett properties. Finally, Energy Trading earnings of $17 million are down $28 million for the quarter. As you can see trading in third quarter of 2007 accounting earnings was $45 million which was a significant portion of last year's total year earnings for that segment. Page 15 provides details of our earnings guidance for 2008, as Dave mentioned earlier, we continue to hold our 2008 guidance to $455 million to $520 million of operating earnings or EPS of $3.20 per share. Given the solid year-to-date results we are on track to deliver our earnings commitment. And as mentioned earlier, we continue to focus on cost reductions at our utilities in response to the soft local economy. With that, I'd like to turn the discussion over to Nick Khouri, who'll cover cash flow and capital expenditures.
Nick A. Khouri - Vice President and Treasurer: Thanks, Peter and good morning everyone. As we all know these are times of unusual stress in the credit and equity markets, but it's in time like, times like these that our prior commitment to improved cash flow and balance sheet strength pays real dividends. We have managed both short-term liquidity and our long-term debt and equity targets to weather the current storms. Page 17 details our current short-term liquidity position. We have total bank credit facilities of $1.9 billion, supporting our commercial paper program. And something unusual for us, we are temporarily holding over $200 million of cash on hand to meet both daily operating requirements and unexpected needs. In late September and early October, we grew down $400 million of credit line through a source of flexibility in case the CP market scenario open. We also have approximately $500 million of commercial paper outstanding for staggered maturities. Finally, the bank credit lines. We've issued $286 million of credit.. Letters of Credit to support our business operations. Leaving unused, available liquidity of nearly $1 billion. It's also important to note that we have no bond maturities for the remainder of this year and then moving to 2009, $220 million of debt is maturing at DTE Energy; but the plan calls for us to retire the debt with internal cash. Of course we expect to issue long-term debt at the utilities from time-to-time to improve liquidity and fund our utility investment program, but we have no maturities at the utilities in 2009. Our post, the credit crunch has focused on four main components. A thorough understanding of our near-term cash requirements including scenario planning, daily monitoring of our counterparty credit risk exposure across all DTE's business units, retain excess liquidity to meet changing circumstances and access the bond market when possible. For example, on October, we issued $250 million of five-year debt at Detroit Edison with a 6.45% yield. Early on September, we issued a $190 million of Michigan debt with seven and 12-year maturities at around 6%. Page 18, shows year-to-date consolidated cash flow statement for 2008 compared to the prior year. From September, adjusted cash from operations totaled approximately $700 million, down from about a $1 billion in the prior year. The entire decline is a result of the phase out of synfuel net cash which falls from $600 million last year, to approximately a $100 million this year. In other words non-synfuel cash was up year-over-year. Asset sales are down year-over-year since in 2007 we included the sales of DTE and from E&P Properties. Consistent with prior intra-year patterns, we expect strong cash... positive net cash from the utilities in the fourth quarter. The full year forecast for cash flow has not changed from prior guidance and is detailed in the appendix. Page 19 summarizes capital spending for the first nine months of 2008. As you can see, total capital spending reached $1.071 billion or about 11% of last year. The year-over-year increase was spread across all business units. For the full year, we expect capital spending to be up about 14% from 2007 including a 20% increase at Detroit Edison. And finally, we expect to end this year within our leverage target of 50% to 52% in the ratio of cash flow to debt between 20% and 22%. With that let me turn it back over to Dave to wrap up.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Nick. And let me wrap up on slide 20. As I mentioned earlier on the call I believe that DTE Energy is a very attractive investment. Our business plan is on track and we have the needed flexibility to work around the current economic and credit situation. As I also commented looking back into history here a little bit jumping into our cost reduction initiative starting in 2005 and building up our capacity around that and keeping our balance sheet strong has just proved out to be very wise as we weather the current situation. The new legislation in Michigan provides a very constructive framework to help our utilities to earn their authorized return, but at the same time providing reliable low cost energy and providing much needed jobs in Michigan. Our non-utility business plan is also on track and here we also have significant amount of flexibility if needed going forward. As Nick laid out we believe our credit metrics are solid and our liquidity is more than sufficient with enough flexibility to work through the current environment. We continue to monitor and assess the economic and credit situation to make the appropriate adjustments going forward as required and our dividend at $2.12 per share is a healthy payout and when put together with our projected growth rate provides a very nice total shareholder return. And with those comments we will now, Michelle open it up for Q&A. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Please stand by for your first question. Your first question comes from Greg Gorden please go ahead.
Gregory Gordon - Citigroup: Good morning.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Greg.
Peter B. Oleksiak - Vice President, Controller: Good morning.
Gregory Gordon - Citigroup: So while you are not at this point willing to reiterate and also express your 2009 guidance, Dave in your comments and correct me if I am wrong that as you see it now the low end of the previous guidance range is at least achievable under current economic conditions?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That comment was in regard to the non-utility businesses in particular.
Gregory Gordon - Citigroup: Okay.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And then on the two utilities, we saw our overall goal of earnings our authorized return at the utilities and then as you know we've always targeted 11%. Right now, we have the Detroit Edison rate case pending and we'll... we are very optimistic that will work out well, that will play out by the end of the year. And then for MichCon, we've got the second base gas proceeding that's underway. And we're also hopeful that we can go into a settlement process with them and have that... get resolved by year-end. And those data two points will be very helpful in providing guidance for the utilities.
Gregory Gordon - Citigroup: Thank you. When it comes to the utilities for 2009, can you talk about both the potential for cash pension, funding needs as it pertains to liquidity and expected cash needs and also talk about whether there would be any increase in FAS 87 expense and how that's recovered in the rate making process?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, I'll ask Nick to comment on what's going on with the pensions and how it works for both cash and earnings here.
Nick A. Khouri - Vice President and Treasurer: Sure, let me give you a couple of points and see if this answers your question. Just for background, we have about $3.5 billion in our defined benefit plans for both Detroit Edison and MichCon, and the one thing to keep in mind is we came into this year fully funded. Detroit Edison was 100% funded and MichCon for a variety of reasons was actually 125% funded when you talk about the risk of funding requirements. So we came in a really good shape. Now certainly, the returns this year have been poor like if you place us through September, our pension returns... through the end of September our pension fund is down about 15% and obviously down more in October. But having said that we have been contributing nearly every year for the past three or four years into the pension fund somewhere between a $150 million and $180 million. And in our plans we have always had regular annual pension fund contributions of about the same amount. So with the current market decline, we may have some additional increase spending from the plan but we'll just have to wait and see how things shake out. But again we are starting from a strong position and we've always had continued funding going forward. On the expense side, expense, we will have to see how it plays out because obviously returns are down this year, but what's critically important for that expense determination is a discount rate used and that's up. We will have to see how that plays out, but certainly the risks are slightly higher expense than what we had in '08, and '09. But remember the way this works now, as Dave said with the new regulatory structure, we will file early for any increase in expense at Detroit Edison and by mid-year we'll be able to at least have the potential of recovering that expense in the rate case and in the self implementation.
Gregory Gordon - Citigroup: Okay. So between rate cases there is no sort of tracking a deferral mechanism, but you plan on filling in a more timely manner and so the lag should be diminished if the expense is above and beyond what's currently in rates?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct. The pension assumptions you get measured at year-end that then determines your expense for the next year. So its hard to predict this precisely but if you are drawing a chalk line today we have a loss as everyone does in our assets at that gets amortized into expense over three years. Offsetting that if you had a chalk line pull today it could be at the discount rate that. So the way this might play out for the expense is you actually have minimal increase in expense and any increase in expense we will then immediately file our rate case and could self implement those portion of rates mid-year, next year.
Gregory Gordon - Citigroup: And so you take the actuarial loss you offset it with the reduction in the PBO [ph] and you amortize that over three years?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, on the asset side that's correct.
Gregory Gordon - Citigroup: Okay, great. Final question you talk a little bit about how you think about Detroit Edison's strategic decision to remain in the Electricity and Gas Trading business given the stresses in the financial markets and investors sort of decreased the appetite for ownership of companies that maintain those types of exposures?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, I'd like to step back, first of all and say that, after 11 years now, we've had business here. That's not a big part of our growth story or our earnings. We make $40 million to $50 million on average and accounting earnings from our trading company. We manage it very tightly. And so you see a business here that has very low bar, current bars, $3 million. And as we go through these storms, I think we also see situations here as an example that the business continues to do well this year, their economic profit is very high, their accounting net income is going to be as Peter laid out within our previous guidance. And we are comfortable with this business as we have managed it, we don't see it as a being a big part of our growth story going forward. But it has provided very steady net income numbers for us and positive cash flows for us. As we went through this whole process here what you saw is for example, no counterparty defaults, no financial institution counterparty defaults. And it's a business that we manage very tightly and we believe it has a much lower risk profile than what others might have in regards to their energy trading company. So right now we do not have any plans to change our strategy or approach even with the tightening credit market. We believe that our liquidity can support maintaining the trading company as it's designed and operating today.
Gregory Gordon - Citigroup: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Timese Lee [ph]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. I am just trying to get a better sense of the one-time cost cuts and the sustainability of them and what's the fourth quarter outlook for cost?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well let me backup first of all and describe the nature of what's happening here. We've got two efforts that are going on in regards to cost we have continuous improvement initiatives that's basically as I would describe always trying to look at ways to drive out ways and get more efficient. So in continuous improvement for example, and field operations its all about getting people out of the station as quick as possible, minimizing drive time and optimizing that with new GPS technology when people get to the job trying to drive productivity and making sure that they have the right tools and equipment and materials to get their job done as quickly as possible. In the end of the day you're getting more jobs done per employee, and everything that they do whether be in the power plants or field operations or in my accounting group, and we're doing that across the company. In addition, to that because of some of the pressures this year, we've done one-time cost reductions and examples of that would be as stopping hiring, slowing down hiring, minimizing overtime, general belt tightening that you would expect in this type of environment. We've stopped using consultants, we've let a lot of contract labor go and we basically have asked everybody to be very prudent in this environment, and also sensitive to, what's going on in our customer base. So I know when people are looking at O&M, we had a spike last year because of the computer system we've... that's gone this year. We have got continuous improvement and we also have one-time reductions and people are trying to get a sense on what is going on with O&M. And I think the best place to look with BNR [ph] Detroit Edison filing that was made now with give you a sense of where we see O&M going for 2009 and obviously we will give you a much more guidance after the first of the year. But if you're trying to get a sense on what's the normalized run-rate for O&M look at the Detroit Edison filing would be the best place to look.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then have you given the discount assumed, discount rate in the pension expense? Do you assume the pension discount rate... it assumed discount rate in the pension benefit obligation?
Nick A. Khouri - Vice President and Treasurer: Yes. We do at the end in the case each year, so it would be end of last year we used 6.5%.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Nick A. Khouri - Vice President and Treasurer: And as Dave mentioned, it's actually a calculation it's done on a single day December 31st. So we don't know what this years is, but today it would be higher than 6.5%.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions].
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well seeing that there aren't any more questions at this time. I thank you for calling in today. If you have a follow-up questions I encourage you to call the Investor Relations department, if you have questions on the quarter or the year and then we look forward to seeing everybody out at Arizona we have a full schedule. And as I mentioned Tony and I will be presenting on Tuesday morning and we look forward to seeing you then. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call for today. You may now disconnect your line and have a great day. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Peter K. Oleksiak: - VP and Controller Nick A. Khouri - VP and Treasurer
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the DTE Energy's Second Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Meador. Please go ahead, sir.
David E. Meador: Thank you, Hauly. Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter earnings conference call. Before we get started, I encourage you to read the Safe Harbor statement on page two of the PowerPoint document, including the reference to forward-looking statements. With me this morning are Peter Oleksiak, our Vice President and Controller; Nick Khouri, our Vice President and Treasurer; and Lisa Muschong, our Director of Investor Relations. I also have some of the leadership team with me in the room and on the phone and I might call upon them during the Q&A session. So let me start on slide five. We believe we have compelling investment pieces that we presented to you and that's dealt on several key strategies. First is our strong utility growth plan, and our utilities comprise about 80% of DTE Energy today after our restructuring. Long-term, we see about 5% to 6% growth in our utilities and that's driven primarily by mandated environmental expenditures. Near term, net growth and earnings is projected to be 7% to 9%, based on passage of Michigan's energy legislation there could be upside to those growth projections. Given this growth strategy, it's imperative that we continue to maintain a collaborative relationship with the MPSC. It's also very important to know we continue to service our customers while and that we use cost reductions as we have in the last several years, as a method to minimize customer rate increases. Energy legislation is also very important to the strategy and I'll provide a brief update to that this morning. For our non-utility businesses, we'll continue to build on our history of being value focused and while this is a smaller part of the business going forward, we will be looking for premium returns to the utilities as we continue to make investments to drive shareholder value. And our dividend is $2.12 per share, and is attractive at a current yield of over 5%. And to put that dividend together with this growth plan, we believe it provides a very nice total shareholder return story. Now let me turn to page six, and I'll provide a brief business overview before I turn it over to Peter. First I'd like to provide an update on legislation. As you know, the Michigan House passed legislation on April 17th, and the State Senate on June 27th. Both sets of legislation had bipartisan support with consensus on many elements of the proposed new energy policy for Michigan. There are differences that exist; they are primarily in the areas of renewable energy and energy efficiency. The next step in the process is to reconcile these bills between the two chambers, and last week... and it's an evidence of another step forward in this whole process, the House and Senate appointed their conference committees, and they're currently actively working on compromise [ph] language. If they reach an agreement, this legislation could be voted on as early as August 13th, when the full House and Senate return to Lansing. As we've indicated in the past, this legislation is backed by a broad coalition in Michigan, including the Michigan Chamber of Commerce, the Michigan Manufacturers Association, labor organizations and business leaders. Also the Governor has expressed strong support for the appropriate energy reform and renewables package. We've been really, really pleased with the progress that's been made and we encourage the conference committees to act quickly here to reconcile the few remaining issues and push for passage of this legislation as soon as possible. Regarding the Detroit Edison rate case, as you know, staff and interveners filed testimony on July 15th. This is another step in our multi-step process. We will file rebuttal testimony on August 8th. And we do respect the views of all the parties in this process, including the MPSC staff, and at the same time we also believe that we can support our position in our original filing and we will do that again when we file our rebuttal on August. We continue to work collaboratively with all the parties in this case and we are optimistic that we will have a reasonable outcome and that will happen by year-end. Peter will take you through the second quarter earnings in a moment, but I just want to offer a few comments. Our quarterly earnings were impacted by a significant storm cost. We've had storms at... if you went back to the first quarter, we've just had one of those years and then in June, we had the fifth largest storm in the history of Detroit Edison. We also have in the quarter some timing related mark-to-market adjustments at Energy Trading and what we're seeing a little bit is what we've seen in the past where the accounting treatment in some of our books of business in trading end up in a timing mismatch where the underlying asset is accounted for historical cost in the forward sales mark-to-market. And those are timing issues that we've had in the past, and they will turn around and Peter will talk about that. And now, also I just wanted to mention, as we went into this year, we understood the challenges of earning our authorized return. We were prepared to engage in one-time cost reductions turn or 11% return on equity, especially at Detroit Edison. With some of the external pressures we've seen, like storm costs, this makes it hard to offset those one-time events and the regulatory lag. But we continue to work that issue pretty hard, and at the same time the other businesses are all doing very well and Peter will take you through that and also our guidance. But we did want to signal that there are challenges at Detroit Edison, caused by these external drivers and the need for rate increase, which we expect to get by the end of the year. And in the meantime, we're going to continue to press hard on cost, including one-time items to move that business as far as we can towards its authorized return. So with that background, let me take... turn it over to Peter and he will take you through the quarter. Peter K. Oleksiak - Vice President and Controller Thanks Dave, and good morning to everyone. Let's just start with slide eight, and the second quarter earning results. First I would like to point out for the second quarter we moved our coal services business into the Power Industrial segment in our SEC reports and our Gas Midstream business will now be shown as a stand-alone segment. For the quarter, DTE's operating earnings was $0.16. I'd like to remind everyone that a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings is contained in the appendix. Detroit Edison contributed $0.31 while MichCon which typically has a loss on the second quarter came in at a loss of $0.07. The non-utility segments combined to a loss of $0.03. The primary driver to the non-utility quarter results was Energy Trading at a loss of $0.07 and continued solid performance by our Gas Midstream at $0.06 in the quarter. Finally, Corporate and other was a loss of $0.05 in the quarter. Moving on to page 9, where we can see summary of each segment's performance quarter-over-quarter. I'll be covering each segment in more detail later in the presentation. Overall, as you can see in the slide operating earnings are down $38 million for the quarter. Both these quarterly variances attribute to either timing related items or one-time events that impacted the quarters. Detroit Edison and MichCon results were down a combined $21 million from the prior year. Within the $21 million negative variance there is a $24 million pick up that occurred last year with the PSCR reconciliation true up. Our non-utility segments are down $35 million, Power & Industrials are down $15 million, primarily due to a true-up of depreciation and amortization expense on the held for sale projects. And Energy Trading was down $18 million with timing related mark-to-market losses. Corporate and other was up $18 million due to favorable interest and timing of taxes within the year. Let us continue to slide 10 and go through some details beginning with Detroit Edison. Operating earnings for Detroit Edison was $51 million, down $13 million from the prior year. Margin for the quarter increased earnings $6 million as the expiration of the temporary show cause rate reduction and lower customer choice more than offset the reduction in sales due to milder weather and the impact of the economy. We will continue to see the benefit of the show cause related rate increase and the lower choice in the third and fourth quarter as well. I'll talk more about the impact of the economy on sales in the next slide. As I mentioned on the quarterly summary page in 2007, the second quarter was aided by 2004, and 2005 PSCR reconciliation order that increased earnings by $24 million. Also impacting the quarter was a series of catastrophic storms in June of this year that knocked up power to more than 400,000 customers. And as Dave mentioned, this was the fifth largest in Edison's history. In the quarter, we also increase our bad debt reserves for Electric Utility as we saw an increase in total arrears and ageing of those receivables. Positively impacting the quarter was cost improvement and our generation of fleet, lower benefit costs as well as implementation of EBS start-up cost which occurred in 2007. The 12-month rolling operating ROE for Edison is 9.5%. Page 11 outlines our year-over-year electric sales for the quarter as well as the year-to-date. Up until the second quarter of this year, we experienced relatively flat to slightly positive temperature normal growth year-over-year. With the American Axle strike and other industrial sector related events, we witnessed a reduction in territory sales in the second quarter. Not only was the quarter down 270 gigawatt hours of reduction due to weather, it also was impacted 2.4% in weather normal sales. But even with this decline in the second quarter year-to-date sales was down only three-tenths of a percent on a weather normal basis. Given the second quarter volume performance, we are going to continue to monitor the impact of the economy on territory sales and overall 2008 expected results. Moving on to page 12 on a review of MichCon's performance. As I mentioned earlier, second quarter is a typical loss in the seasonal gas utility business. Operating earnings for MichCon was a loss of $11 million, down $8 million from the prior year. Margins were down slightly in 2008 due to milder weather and lower storage margins. Uncollectible expense reduced earnings $3 million in the current year with higher gas prices combined with local economic conditions, MichCon has seen an increase in the amount of ageing customers' receivables with required increase in bad debt reserves. However, 90% of the impact of the increase of uncollectible expenses offset by the uncollectible tracking mechanism granted in MichCon's last [ph] rate case. The 12-month rolling operating ROE for MichCon is 8.6% and 9.6% on a weather-normalized basis. Let us turn to page 13 on the non-utility business segment. Total non-utility operating earnings for the second quarter 2008 are a loss of $5 million, compared to $30 million income in 2007. Gas Midstream earnings are flat as the increases in storage revenue was offset by tax reserve related to our prior year. Unconventional gas earnings are only down slightly from 2007 as increased western Barnett production and higher gas prices almost offset the loss of earnings from the sale of the Antrim and core Barnett properties. Power & Industrial earnings are down $15 million in the quarter due primarily to the true-up of depreciation and amortization expense on the held for sale monetization projects. Depreciation and amortization expense was suspended in the fourth quarter of 2007 when these projects were classified as held for sale as part of our non-utility and monetization effort. With our recent announcement earlier this month on our decision to retain full ownership of these projects, we must now recognize the depreciation expense deferred in the previous two quarters. Our coal services business is also impacted by the elimination of synfuel transportation services provided in 2007. Finally, Energy Trading earnings are down $18 million driven by unrealized margin losses in gas trading and storage. Year-to-date trading company income is $20 million, which is up $12 million from last year. In the appendix, you will find a slide that shows economic net income for the trading business is $57 million for the first six months of the year. So a real strong performance year-to-date. This difference in economic and accounting will flow back in future quarters. Page 14 provides details on our earnings guidance Dave mentioned earlier. Even with the earnings pressures we're experiencing at both utilities, we continue to hold our 2008 earnings guidance to $455 million to $520 million of operating earnings, or EPS of $2.80 to $3.20 per share. As I mentioned earlier, Edison will benefit for the reminder of the year with a show cause rate reduction credit expiring, lower choice and lower cost related to our information system implementation from last year, and that is why we're holding guidance for that segment. Another point, our segment guidance has been revised to reflect the movement of coal services into our Power & Industrial Projects segment. With that, I'd like to turn the discussion over to Nick Khouri, who'll cover cash flow and capital expenditures.
Nick A. Khouri: Thanks, Peter, and good morning. As always, improved cash flow and balance sheet strength remains the key priority for both management and the Board of Directors. Page 16 shows the year-to-date consolidated cash-flow statement for 2008 compared to the prior year. Through June, internal operating cash flow is significantly above last year, and above capital and dividend requirements. Adjusted cash from operations reached $1.5 billion, about 25% above last year's level. Asset sales are down year-over-year since 2007 included the sale of DTE's [inaudible] properties. As for cash uses, capital and dividends totaled approximately $900 million, leaving positive free cash flow after dividends of $600 million for the first half of the year. However most of the year-over-year improvement was intra-year [ph] timing, for example, net cash from synfuel swings from a large positive in the first half to a negative in the third quarter. Also MichCon will see its usual working capital requirements, as they move from a positive net cash in the first half of the year to a negative in the second half. So, although the first half came in strong, we are reconfirming our prior forecast for the full-year's base cash and capital. Page 17 summarizes capital spending for the first six months of 2008. As you can see, total capital spending reached $726 million, about 15% above last year. The year-over-year increase was spread across all business units. For the full year, we expect capital spending to be up about 14% from 2007, including a 20% increase at Detroit Edison. Page 18 slightly revises full-year 2008 cash and capital spending guidance to reflect last month's decision to suspend monetization of the Power & Industrial portfolio projects. Pre-tax asset sales declined from a previous guidance of $1.1 billion to approximately $300 million. These projections exclude any further Barnett monetizations. Though not included in guidance, we are continuing to target a reduction in parent company debt this year. The right side of page 18 summarizes capital spending for the full-year. Total capital is expected to grow to $1.5 billion this year, about 80% of the projected capital will be for the two utilities. Non-utility capital spending is roughly equal to $100 million for three of our business segments, but will of course depend on opportunities as and when they rise. And finally, we expect to end this year well within our leverage target of 50% to 52% and the ratio of cash flow to debt between 22% and 24%. Now let me turn it back over to Dave to wrap up.
David E. Meador: Thanks Nick. Slide 19 is a repeat slide that I talked to earlier. Again we believe, that we have a very reasonable growth plan near-term that growth is going to be higher than our long-term growth. And there are some catalyst that are coming up here in the near-term that will all be signaled towards that growth. If you put that growth together with the dividend, it's a nice total shareholder return story. In terms of catalysts, we look forward to updating you as we make progress on the rate case, there's a timetable on slide 26 in the appendix on the rate case and we'll be filing our rebuttal testimony here in early August. And then another possible key date is August 13th for legislation. So, we will open it up for questions now, Hauly. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Caroline Baum [ph] with Merrill Lynch.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning.
David E. Meador: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: I just have a question on your Energy Trading business results in Q2. On your mid-year update conference call in early July, you said that Energy Trading was doing well in '08 and that we would see that again in Q2 as we did in Q1. But Energy Trading actually recorded a loss.
David E. Meador: Right.
Unidentified Analyst: So I'm just curious if you could go into that a little bit, I am wondering what happened?
David E. Meador: We managed the business on an economic margin and economic net income basis, and if you look at the economic margin year-to-date right now they're at about $135 million, which is significantly ahead of where they were on a six-month basis last year. What happens is, it's the way the accounting works on this. So if you went back to the first quarter as an example, we reported net income of $30 million for the... $30 million per trading and all of that was realized. Now when you get to the second quarter, what happens is, the accounting the way it works is... and it's only slices of what trading does. But for example in storage, we put gas on the ground then storage is accounted for at an average cost for inventory, but the forward sale is mark-to-market. So we have a transaction that's economically hedged and the way the accounting works is you could have mark-to-market gains or mark-to-market losses during the year based on gas prices. So in the second quarter, we saw had a net realized gain but there was a mark-to-market loss on some of the gas storage positions and the gas transportation positions there, because they're economically hedged, that will turn around over the next several years. So if you look at on a six-month basis, trading net income is $20 million and when you net all the realized and unrealized, the net income is all realized because of what happened in the first quarter. So from time to time you'll see these mark-to-market losses or gains but the business is still doing well, it's on track, and the six months earning on a net income basis is reflective of our guidance for the full year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Next we will hear from Leon Duval [ph] with Catapult Capital.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, Good morning. I just wanted to double check. You guys show industrial sales down about 3% in 2Q '08 versus 2Q '07, does that include the Roche [ph] plant that moved over from I guess CMS service territory? And then bigger picture if you could sort of just comment on the economy on what we're seeing with industrial sales overall and whether you're seeing residential, also following some of the reduction in the industrial load or is that just purely from the weather? Peter K. Oleksiak - Vice President and Controller This is Peter Oleksiak. The sales does include the Roche plant moving and that is territory sales for us. But that is in the numbers. Industrial sales were impacted by the American Axle strike. So as you mentioned... about third of the reduction is related to that one event. Auto sales are down as well although those are event driven, and potentially it could be temporary in nature with some plant shutdown or temporary stoppages at work. So we are seeing the auto sector down, but we're seeing increases in the steel related business as well. But overall, industrial is down year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter. Residential actually is holding relatively flat on a year-to-date basis. We are seeing some slight reductions in the overall commercial sector as well.
David E. Meador: So, relative to the economy as we've indicated, Michigan has been economically struggling here for a while. And because of that, we have been forecasting flat float and that's better than our guidance. Year-to-date, we're almost flat, the second quarter was slightly off and as Peter indicated, we believe some of that was event driven, but we'll just have to watch us going forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next we'll hear from Ben Sung from Luminous Management.
Ben Sung: Hi I had a question about the uncollectible expenses at MichCon. The $3 million that you have listed there... is that net of the offset so that if you would gross it up and in reality it's sort of $30 million, or is $30 million the total and that there is an offset of 90% against that? Peter K. Oleksiak - Vice President and Controller I think, either way you phrase it, it's correct, it is roughly $30 million gross. I mean, net off the track or it is about $3 million effect.
Ben Sung: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Looks like there are no further questions at this time. Mr. Meador, I'd like to turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
David E. Meador: Thanks, Hauly, and thanks for joining us today. We know that there are other calls going on this morning, and for those of you that are listening to the archive, if you have follow-up questions, you can call our Investor Relations department. As I indicated, the next catalyst and things look for in the August timeframe, both the rebuttal filing and Detroit Edison, and then the August 13th date on legislation, and hopefully, we'll have good news on that side and look forward to seeing you at future conferences in the September timeframe, then also at the fall EEI. Thank you.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David E. Meador - CFO and EVP Peter K. Oleksiak - VP and Controller Nick A. Khouri - VP and Treasurer
Analysts: Samantha Dennison - Credit Suisse Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch Steve Fleishman - Catapult Management
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the DTE Energy's First Quarter 2008 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dave Meador. Go ahead, sir.
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome this morning to our 2008 First Quarter Conference Call. Before I get started, I encourage you to read the Safe Harbor statement on page two of our PowerPoint documents including the reference to forward-looking statements. With me today are Peter Oleksiak, our Vice President and Controller; Nick Khouri, our Vice President and Treasurer; and Lisa Muschong, our Director of Investor Relations. Also I have other members of the management team with me this morning and I might call on them during our Q&A session. Next Monday, Gerry Anderson will be presenting at the AGA Conference. At that time, Gerry will provide an update on our utility and non-utility growth strategy, pending Michigan legislation, and rate proceedings and other strategic update. I know that many of you have also signed up one-on-one meeting with Gerry. Given that our focus this morning is on the first quarter results, and I encourage you to join Gerry on Monday morning at 9:00 AM for his presentation. So let's start switch over to the first quarter and let me ask… start with few comments, first on slide five. I believe that DTE Energy is a very attractive investment as we’ve laid out for you, we expect 5% to 6% average annual growth from our two utilities over the long term. In the near term, there is slightly higher growth projections and I want to go through a couple of statistics for Detroit Edison, 2008 compared to 2007 had mid-point guidance, we've laid out almost 6% growth for Detroit Edison, but at the high end of guidance is 9% growth. And then if you look at the 2009 early outlook that we've provided compared to 2008, that's over 11% growth year-over-year projected. In MichCon, 2008 compared to 2007 at mid-point, there is 6.7% growth and at the high-end of guidance for this year at 9.8% growth over the prior year. And then similarly, if you look out to 2009, our early outlook is almost 6% growth, 2008 over 2007. And the numbers that I just went through, we've factored in the near-term growth opportunity for many involves [ph] and certainly was not included in the longer-term growth and profitability from a new nuclear plant. We’ve also been careful as we invest and as we’re growing earnings to be sensitive around customer rate impacts and we are very focused on customer satisfaction and very specifically reducing any complaints that may take their way to the MPSC. And speaking of the MPSC, we feel good about our relationship with the commission. Some examples of our collaborative environment that we are working in at the MichCon settlement that we've reached last year and then the Detroit Edison rate case where we amended the case to basically bring in some of the economics from 2009 which increased our request by $85 million and we did that by maintaining our overall timing on that case serves a very significant economic shift without having it delayed, and I think it's just another example how good the relationships are with the commission. The legislative developments have been very positive with the April 17 passing of the Michigan comprehensive energy legislation by the Michigan House. The core legislation passed with well over two to one margin and renewable legislation was passed with a four to one margin. The legislation now moves to the Michigan Senate and staff because Detroit Edison's update that we’ll provide on Monday. In the non-utility businesses, we completed over 1 billion of after-tax monetization and that’s from Antrim, peakers, core Barnett, and we bought back $725 million of stock and we paid down parent company debt. So we made progress on that front. We’re still working on a P&I transaction and I know there is a lot of interest on that. The P&I transaction as we played out is completely held up by the credit markets. There is nothing to do with the underlying transaction, which is a very attractive transaction not only to us, but also to our potential equity partner here in General Electric. We're committed to completing this transaction; however, the exact timing of this is really out of our control and it’s hard to predict how the debt markets are really going to work them. We will get that window that we could actually close this transaction. We are actively working and our guidance has been adjusted to forecast, this is closed in the second quarter. We’ve also provided additional information and Peter will discuss that lays out more details to show you that this is earnings neutral this year to positive, no matter when it closes. So whether this closes in second, third, fourth quarter from an earnings standpoint, this is really a non-event, and Peter will take you through that detail. And then my last point on the investment thesis is that, and it’s very important as our dividend is $2.12 per share, it is over a 5% yield, and when added to the growth that we played out for you, it provides a very attractive total shareholder return. Turning to slide six, I’ve a couple observations for the quarter. This is a very solid quarter for all of our businesses. The utilities are both on tracker. They are in the 11% authorized returns this year. We had strong results at Detroit Edison, including overall electric load growth, which is up year-over-year 2%, on a temperature normal basis, it's up 1.8%. So, we're experiencing low growth there in spite of some of the economic data that you might see coming out of Michigan. We had a strong quarter in energy trading and also in Power & Industrial business, which led us to raise both the bottom and the top end of guidance, which is now $2.80 to $3.20 per share. So with that introduction, let me turn it over to Peter.
Peter K. Oleksiak - Vice President and Controller: Thanks, Dave, and good morning to everyone. I'd like to start with slide eight on first quarter earnings results. For the quarter, DTE's operating earnings per share was $0.78. We have $14 million last year this quarter versus last year, which increased EPS $0.06 for the quarter. I'd like to remind everyone that a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings is contained in the appendix. Both utilities were basic contributors to this quarter's results, Edison at $0.25 and MichCon at $0.37. The non-utility segments combined contributed $0.30. The primary driver to the non-utility quarter results was Energy Trading at $0.18 aided by realized mark-to-market margin increases in the quarter. Our Power & Industrial and Coal and Gas Midstream segments both had solid quarters at $0.06 and $0.05, respectively. Finally, Corporate and Other was a loss of $0.14 in the quarter. I will turn to page nine, where we can see a summary of each segment performance quarter-over-quarter. I will be covering each segment in more detail later on the presentation. Overall, operating earnings were up $16 million for the quarter. Our utility businesses are both down from prior year, mainly driven by expense timing, which I will cover in more detail in the next two pages. Our non-utility segments combined contribution was up $31 million with Energy Trading at $29 million of the year-over-year increase. Corporate and Other was down $5 million due to a tax benefit that we realized in 2007. As you can see in this chart there is a mixed results quarter-over-quarter with key driver for the improved earnings coming from strong performance at Energy Trading. We still expect all segments can be meet or exceed the original guidance, and I'll cover that in a more detail later in the package. Let us continue to slide ten and go through some details beginning with Detroit Edison. Operating earnings for Detroit Edison was $41 million, down $7 million from the prior year. Total sales volumes are up for 2008, driven by additional new industrial customers and some overall third party growth. This increases 1.8% on a temperature normal basis. Uncollectible reserves increased during the quarter, driven by an increase in the aging of customer receivables. We did plan an overall year-over-year increase on the uncollectible expense. Growing rate base resulted in higher depreciation and amortization expense in 2008. For the 12-month rolling period, operating trend equity [ph] for Edison at 10%. Moving on to page 11 in review of MichCon's performance. Operating earnings for MichCon was $59 million, down $3 million from prior year. Weather cooperated for us. It was colder than normal in the quarter. In addition to the colder weather, lower loss accounted for gas resulted an increased margin contribution for the quarter. Uncollectible expenses reduced range by $7 million in the current year. As you recall, MichCon was branded on uncollectible tracker mechanism as last rate case, which allow us for revenue, offset of 90% of all uncollectible expense over the $37 million operating base rate. There is timing of the tracker recognition that's impacting this quarter's results. We're expecting no material year-over-year impact from that collectible expense in 2008. The 12-month rolling operating return equity from MichCon is 10%, almost 11% weather normalized. Let us turn to page 12 on the non-utility business segments. Total non-utility operating earnings for the first quarter in 2008 were $50 million compared to $19 million in the first quarter of 2007. Coal and Gas Midstream earnings were down $4 million, due primarily to the elimination of margins related to synfuel transportation offset by $2 million of growth in our gas pipeline and storage business. Unconventional gas earnings are unchanged from 2007 as an increase in Western Barnett production, higher gas prices offset the earnings from the sale of Antrim and Core Barnett properties. Power and Industrial earnings were up $6 million in the quarter due primarily to the accounting rules, which recorded the stopping of depreciation expense on assets that are classified as held for sale. Accounting rules also requires us the recognition of this cumulative depreciation as the projects move from a held for sales status, that I will discuss on our next page where gas will not be negligibly impacted by this potential scenario. Finally, as highlighted earlier, Energy Trading earnings are about $29 million, driven by favorable margins from gas and power trading. Within the quarter, two-thirds of this income was realized and one-third unrealized. Page 13 provides details on our revised guidance Dave mentioned earlier. We've raised our 2008 guidance to $448 million to $510 million of earnings or EPS of $2.80 to $3.20 per share, up $0.10 from prior guidance. Let me highlight the changes from prior guidance. Detroit Edison earnings are now $350 million to $370 million, up $10 million on the low end of guidance. The tightening of the lower end of the range is driven by the first quarter margin growth along with further continuous improvement related to cost reductions. For the Power & Industrial segment, we are increasing guidance to $10 million to $20 million, up from the $5 million to $10 million than the original guidance. The new guidance assumes June monetization. The increased earnings is driven by the delay in the monetization projects within the segments, which results in more earnings for the calendar year. We are holding total average shares in the year at 159 million. The table on the right highlights the impact if Power & Industrial monetization is not completed in October, and also the sales not completed in all of 2008. In both scenarios, there is not a negligible impact to the guidance. Following with a strong start to 2008 using Energy Trading range to $40 million, $55 million it will contain a modest performance in the coming flow through for the year. With that, I would like to turn the discussion over to Nick Khouri, who will cover the cash flow and capital expenditures.
Nick A. Khouri - Vice President and Treasurer: Thanks, Peter, and good morning. As always, improved cash flow and balance sheet strength remained a key priority for management and Board of Directors. It was a strong quarter for cash and the balance sheet. However, most of the year-over-year improvement was intra-year timing. For example, net cash from the synfuels which we still expect to hit approximately $200 million this year, will swings from a large positive in the first quarter to a negative in the summer. So although the first quarter came in at strong, we are reconfirming our prior cash and capital forecast for the full year. Page 15 shows sources and uses of cash in the first quarter of 2008 compared to the prior year. Adjusted cash from operations totaled $1 billion in the first three months of the year compared to $700 million last year. Also in the first quarter, we successfully sold our holdings in the core Barnett region for approximately $250 million. Capital and dividends totaled $400 million in the quarter meaning we were able to pay down a significant amount of debt, but as I said, the cash picture will normalize in the remaining three quarters of the year. Page 16 summarizes capital spending in the first quarter. As you can see, total capital spending was $329 million, slightly below the $376 million of a year ago. Most of the year-over-year difference is timing. For the full year, we expect capital spending to be about 14% about 2007 levels, including a 20% increase at Detroit Edison. Page 17 reconfirms cash and capital spending guidance for 2008. Cash from operations is projected to be $900 million, about the same as in 2007. And as I mentioned, synfuel cash is phasing out, but still generating estimated $200 million this year and additional $100 million in 2009. Asset sales are expected at $1.1 billion comprised of the January sale of core properties in Barnett and the P&I monetization transaction. Once again this year the combination of internal cash and asset sale supports further reductions in holding company debt and share repurchases. Finally, the right side of page 17 summarizes capital spending for the year. Total capital is expected to grow to $1.5 billion this year, about 80% of the projected capital will be spent by the two utilities. Non-utility capital spending is roughly at $100 million for each of our three business segments. And finally, we expect to end this year well within our leverage target of 50% to 52% and the ratio of cash flow to debt between 22% and 24%. With that, let me turn it back over to Dave for a wrap-up.
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Thanks, Nick. Let me wrap up on slide 18. We believe we made a strong case for DTE Energy as a very good investment. We played out our growth plans and we believe we have the right focus on high customer satisfaction. We also have a constructive regulatory and legislative environment and we're hopeful that we'll see legislation passed by mid-year this year. Gerry Anderson, as I mentioned will provide an update on Monday on our growth, regulatory legislative, and strategic plans, and Jerry Norcia will be with him also, and Jerry will provide an update on MichCon, as well as our midstream gas storage and pipeline business. Additionally, Gerry and Tony will provide comments at our annual shareholder meeting on May 15th at 10 AM and that will be webcast and I encourage you to listen to that also. And with that, we will now open it up for questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Sam Dennison of Credit Suisse. Go ahead please.
Samantha Dennison - Credit Suisse: Good morning.
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Samantha Dennison - Credit Suisse: Can you guys talk about some of the cost cutting measures that you've achieved at Detroit Edison and MichCon and the ability to essentially more of that going forward?
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Look if you went back to 2005, we were looking at the capital investments we were making, and we initiated at that time our performance excellence plan which was a company wide initiative that had multiple years, this is the last year of the benefits of that. And we are on track to deliver $330 million of reductions in O&M and capital and fuel cost savings. In the process, we also reduced MichCon and corporate support headcount by 12%, which went down from a little over 10,000 to 9,000 employees. And I would just offer that we are realizing that this is going to be a way a life for us as we go into a very large capital spend period over many years that we have to make sure that not only we’re satisfying our customers, but that our cost profile is right. So, every group in the company has been asked to go through benchmarking and target getting to first quartile in terms of cost and performance, and we have initiatives all around the company right now that are looking at opportunities, everything from strategic procurement to productivity improvements in our field operations to fleet operations. So, we've done a lot and we think there is more opportunity there and just again view that as something that we are going to have to do on a regular basis as we, what I describe earn our right to rate increases, we have to make sure we have done everything that we could do to help our customers.
Samantha Dennison - Credit Suisse: Great, thanks. And then with respect to coal inventories, where do you guys currently stand, and what's your hedge position for the next few years?
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Well, in terms of coal, we are... we’ve contract this in advance and we are 100% procured for 2008. Usually the way we run this, we are two-thirds procured for 2009 and a third for 2010. And so we buy in advance plus we have long-term rail contracts that are in place till 2011. So, we believe that we've done a good job in smoothing some of the market volatility that would eventually flow through to our customers.
Samantha Dennison - Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from Paul Ridzon of Keybanc. Go ahead please.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: Peter, I don't know if you mentioned the trailing 12 Detroit Edison weather norm ROE, was that the same as the 10% that you cited?
Peter K. Oleksiak - Vice President and Controller: The 10%--
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: [inaudible].
Peter K. Oleksiak - Vice President and Controller: Yes. The 10% was a natural, the weather normalized at a 9%.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jonathan Arnold of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Good morning.
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Hi Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Just, I'd like to ask a little more granularity around what was... what drove the trading results and then also as CEO you're not looking at an annual number materially above the quarter. Is there... are some of these mark-to-market gains going to reverse during the year? How should we think around that assumption?
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Well, the… I'll start and I'll get some help here. Trading is a business because of the mark-to-market and on accounting basis it has been difficult to project the actual amount even though over the years as we watch their ability to perform we have taken up annually our guidance, and this year our guidance was taken up a little bit more. For the quarter, two-thirds of the earnings in the quarter are realized earnings and that said we… they could be on track for a good year, but you never know in this business because of potential mark-to-market movement that could come up later in the year. So, what you saw is still even not as very strong quarter and even this month and another strong month, we only took up the high end of guidance modestly. And we think that's the right thing to do and as the year plays out, we'll see how second and third quarter come in, but they are doing great and we think it's the right thing to do to be conservative in terms of guidance until we see more of the year play out.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay. So Dave, you say two-thirds was from realized. The one-third that was from unrealized, is that likely to reverse and if so on what time frame? I know there is the kind of mark-to-market gains that stay or roll over next year or within this year?
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Yes. Why, don’t you, Jeff Joel [ph] is with us, he is our Director of Risk Management, he would have perspective on that.
Unidentified Corporate Participant: Yes. The fuller mark-to-market is, and again it is going to be market dependent. So it's not necessarily tied to timing around the asset hedging that you may have seen in the previous years. There is some of that in there, but there is also a mix of just pure market open positions that are going to fluctuate with the market.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks a lot.
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Okay.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bill Appselly [ph] of Citi. Go ahead please.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Hi, Good morning.
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Just had a quick question on the tracker for the uncollectibles. Could you, I guess, just walk through again and I guess you're saying that it's more of a timing issue for both of the gas and the electric utilities, is that right?
Peter K. Oleksiak - Vice President and Controller: The gas utilities, this is Peter, the gas utility is they have the tracker and the electric utility does not have a tracker. And as I mentioned in my talking points we have a certain amount of base rate of $37 million, anything over that we essentially get to put a revenue offset and so, the way they… the accounting works to revise sales and I talked about expenses now we do, we're seeing some timing issues that will reverse out. Essentially, year-over-year we're expecting such way flat flow through on our collectible expense for our gas utility.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then on the electric side, I guess, the system that you monitor are going forward in terms of whether or not they used to continues to rise or.
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Well, Michigan has been under economic pressure for several years, and hopefully we're all coming at towards the end of this, but for a long time. People refer to it as a one state recession. So, if you went back several years ago, we saw pressure in both businesses, and as Peter said MichCon has the tracker, Edison doesn't. We worked this issue hard and we anticipated a slightly higher bad debt expense or reserve adjustment when we gave our guidance for Edison and we don't have a concern for the year, but it's certainly something that we have to be very vigilant on and stay on every single day, every single month, and so I don't see it as a risk to the guidance or forecast at this time.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Steve Fleishman of Catapult Management. Go ahead please.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Management: Yes, hi. A couple of questions, first, on the P&I, the guidance you're giving, is that include, I think you mentioned that you're not depreciating the entity any more?
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Right. When you categorize an asset as held for sale, the accounting rules have you... once you do that and meets the requirements for a one-year period. You basically suspend depreciation and amort.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Management: Okay. So, if you looked at, for example, your guidance for half-year, I guess and what would that be if you were depreciating at in a normal way?
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Depreciation would be about $6 million a quarter.
Nick A. Khouri - Vice President and Treasurer: Pre-tax is $3 million, about $4 million after-tax.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Management: $4 million per quarter.
Nick A. Khouri - Vice President and Treasurer: Right. We stopped much in the fourth quarter last year.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Management: Okay. Okay. And just--
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: The way this works, and, Steve, just to be clear with people, we wanted to show this way. So there just wasn't a misunderstanding that the favorability year-to-date, business is doing well and out of that favorability as the result of this business held, asset held, asset held for sale and then, if you ever doing this and you run into that one-year window and the assets still held for sale, but you would have to actually reverse that out. So, if that ever happened in this calendar year you would reverse out. It's neutral to the year, but then there was just also happened in the last quarter of last year. So, we would have to reverse out the $6 million from the fourth quarter 2007 but even without the business is doing well and offset even doing that claw-back on depreciation and amort, we’d still be earnings neutral.
Nick A. Khouri - Vice President and Treasurer: Steve, it is near… laid out was called normal 2008 sale. We assume that accumulated depreciation actually all come backs in, you can see that's essentially neutral in the guidance we are putting out.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Management: Okay. I think I understand that. And just to clarify your comments on timing of completing the sale, you're assuming in this guidance end of Q2 but you really you're not, you don't know when, that's not a forecast of timing at this point.
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Right. I think we've learned that none of us can determine exactly how the credit markets are going to behave and...
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Management: Right.
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: When the window opens up and I don't want to be disingenuous and say like come out with a statement that says, 'hey, this is going to close in the second quarter when it's all dependent on really the markets'.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Management: Right. And, okay.
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: And at the same time, we just wanted to make sure that everyone understood the math. So by providing the math for multiple quarters, I'm also not saying that this is going to slip to the third or fourth quarter. We just wanted to make it really clear that no matter when this closes or even if it didn't close this year from an earnings standpoint, this is a non-event.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Management: Okay. And how long is the client agreement goes through?
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: With?
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Management: With GE.
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: There is actually not an agreement right now. And we--
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Management: It's... you already test a period of walk away. So it's comp off.
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Right, but--
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Management: Right. Okay.
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: But in my color commentary and that was... you would know that the agreement expire because the teams are working as closely and as intensively as they were--
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Management: Got you.
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Next October.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Management: Okay. Two other quick questions, first in trading, could you be a little more specific on kind of just generally how you're making the money in the business, I mean, are you playing spreads of gas or you… what are the things you are doing to make money?
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: I think the first point just being in an extremely competitive business, I think we're reluctant to get under too much details. They have various books of business. So they have... there are power book, we have a transmission book. We have natural gas positions in, which are also positions around pipes and storage and they're doing very well on the natural gas markets right now. From year to year, this, if you have switch book of business is driving profits, it's shifted from year to year. But right now, it tends to be more in the natural gas side of the business.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Management: Okay. And then finally on Detroit Edison, the utility, could you give a little more color on what you are seeing in the local economy?
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: There is a slide in the back on the pack on load growth. So I think one of the things for GE, we're trying to point out to people that we have conservatively planned for... it's slide 21. We've conservatively planned for a flat load growth even though the Michigan 21st century plan have projected longer-term that you see load growth in the 1% to 2%, but we wanted to show that even with Michigan in a deeper recession what's been experienced in the rest of the country, we're actually still experiencing load growth. And we know that the auto industry is going through a restructuring that'll play out over several years here and we're hopeful that this will pick up, but we did, if you look quarter-over-quarter, you see on a weather normal basis for Edison you're seeing a 1.8% load growth. So, we're still seeing very modest load growth, which we think is positive. The other place that the economy shows up as we talked about was in bad debt expense, we have the tracker at MichCon and we work both of those, doesn't matter if we have a tracker or not, we’re working both of those pretty vigilantly to make sure that we keep that expense contained.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Management: Okay. Thank you very much.
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Okay. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We will take our next question from Mark Seigel [ph]. Go ahead, please.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Thank you for taking my call. Just a couple of quick questions here, could you give us an update on potential status and timing of an AMI pilot later on in this year?
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Sure. Hi, Mark. The AMI pilot is getting underway right now. We have approved a pilot for space is 10,000 homes and we’re looking at this just like other companies to make sure that we understand technology and the interface with the billing systems that we understand things like security... but then also that we understand the economics. Because our view is that with all of the capital that we have to do that we don't have a choice on, this is something that from a customers standpoint, it has to pay for itself. So part of our pilot is the economic analysis to say that you'll really get the offset that you believe you are going to get in terms of not having to read the meter all the way to automatic connects and disconnects, there is a variety of ways that this offsets current costs and their cost structure. So, we're just getting underway in that pilot right now and we're really treating it like that that we will not make a decision to deploy until after we get the results from that pilot and this is actually a second phase pilot.
Unidentified Analyst: Could you give us a sense of how long the evaluation process will go on the technology and potential sizing on a secondary phases of the pilot?
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: It's a one-year pilot, and I think that… what we were thinking right now is 10,000 homes per se, it's 25,000 second phase and we want to make sure that the pilots designed in a way that we stress tested technology and then we stress tested the economics of this two before we would go into a full deployment.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take a follow-up question from Paul Ridzon of Keybanc. Go ahead please.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc: I don't know if you discussed it, I had to step away, but can you kind of give your expectations on timing of something out of the… your Michigan Senate.
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Gerry Anderson will talk more on Monday, but right now we're hopeful that we'll give this mid-year Senate or Paterson, who chairs the Senate Energy & Technology Committee has said that his goal was to have something on the governor’s desk by the 4th of July. And that's I think kind of a earmark target, here we know there is a summer recess and I think there is a lot of energy being put into this issue right now to say, what's the process, what's the timetable and milestones to get us to a mid-year passage of legislation.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc: Thank you.
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Thanks.
Operator: And it appears if though we have no further questions. I will turn it back over to management for any closing comments.
David E. Meador - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Thank you. And again thanks for joining us on the call and as I pointed out, I encourage you to visit Gerry Anderson and Jerry Norcia on Monday morning at AGA at 9 AM. Thanks, and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect at any time. Thank you and have a great day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David E. Meador - EVP and CFO Peter B. Oleksiak - VP and Controller Nick A. Khouri - VP and Treasurer Don Stanczak - Director of Regulatory Affairs Paul Teske - President of DTE Gas Resources, Inc.
Analysts: John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Samantha Dennison - Credit Suisse Barbara Chapman - Bear Stearns Paul Patterson - Glen Rock Associates Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the DTE Energy Fourth Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Dave Meador. Please go ahead sir.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Kim, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to our 2007 year-end conference call. I don't know about where you are, but in Michigan it's a cold snowy morning, so the gas folks are really happy today. Before I get started, I encourage you to read the Safe Harbor statement on page 2 regarding forward-looking statements. And with me this morning is; Peter Oleksiak, our Vice President and Controller; and Nick Khouri, our Vice President and Treasurer; and Lisa Muschong, our Director of Investor Relations. I also have members of the management team on hand to help me with Q&A, if necessary at the end of the call. So, let me start on page 5, I want to provide a business overview before I turn this over to Peter to take you through the year-end results. DTE is positioned very well to grow earnings overtime by 5% to 6% with our two utilities focusing on high customer satisfaction, and low operating costs. The regulatory and political environment in Michigan continues to be very constructive and we will update you today on legislation. And as a reminder when we talk about growth, there is an upside to our growth story, since our projections do not include the growth and earnings from renewable energy, which is currently being negotiated as part of the legislative package. We have a proven track record on value creation on our nine utility businesses. Although, it's going to be a much smaller portion of our investments story going forward, we continue to make modest investments in those businesses. We also have a series of catalysts during the year that will keep you updated on, and I'll cover those in the next page. And then just a reminder on our dividend of... our dividends $2.12 a share. It was increased a little over year ago, and is very attractive today with over 5% yield. Let me turn to slide 6, and talk about some of the catalysts for the year. We updated the Detroit Edison rate case this week and we expect staff testimony in the second quarter of this year. And then all of these I'll cover in more detail in the next couple of slides. Comprehensive energy legislation is currently progressing through Michigan. Right now the Michigan House Energy Committee and pieces of the legislation's actually being worked on by the full House. We'll make significant investments in our two utilities this year, which is a significant portion of the growth story. This year we are going to invest $1.2 billion in the two utilities. Now slide 42 and 43 which are in the appendix demonstrate how this growth will continue to increase rate base overtime. And again as a reminder, those slides and our other growth slide do not include renewable energy. Another catalyst this year will be the completion of the PNI deal, and the remaining stock buyback program. While we have been targeting the end of March for the closing of that transaction, it's most likely it's going to move into the second quarter of this year. And last is the Millennium Pipeline, which is projected to go into service before the end of the year. On slide 7, is an overview of our update on the rate case for Detroit Edison. Given the slippage in timing on this case, we were concerned that we might miss some of the 2008 economics and 2009 in service environmental capital. We updated the case earlier this week for an incremental $85 million rate request. This increase was anticipated when we released our 2009 early outlook projections in January of this year. On the right hand of the slide is the summary of where we stand. On April 13th, we wanted to remind you there is an expiration of the $79 million rate settlement agreement and so the rates will increase by $79 million and the choice tracker also expires, which is worth about $20 million. So one way to think about that is this rate case was delayed, those two events in essence act like an interim rate increase for us. Now we are targeting 11% return on equity at Detroit Edison this year. Even though it is going to be a slight challenge as the year progresses because there is a need for higher rates, which we won't see until early 2009. For 2009 the rate increase should be in effect for all or most of the year, and again we are also targeting 11% return on equity next year for Detroit Edison. The hearing to reset the timetable for this case should happen soon, and we will be able to communicate the new timetable to you hopefully within the couple of weeks. On slide 8, is our graphical summary of the updated rate case, and the couple of points I wanted to make here was the capital included in the update is now $290 million, and you can also see the PEP cost savings of $120 million just about offsets the O&M increase. So our early lead on the cost reduction initiative, which we started at the end of 2005 is played out just as we've hoped in terms of creating headroom in the rate case, and then offsetting just about all of the O&M rate increase. We also have included in this update the merger control premium of $60 million. The total deficiency that's in the filing is now little over $280 million, and it is the first rate... base rate increase since 2006, and if you averaged it over that period the average annual increases 1.2% rate increase per year over that period. On slide 9, I mentioned Michigan legislation, which continues to move forward. This legislation could provide wide ranging benefits for both the customers, and both utilities in Michigan. The legislation includes electric choice reform, renewable energy standard, and energy efficiency program; a file and use rate proceeding process that can help resolve the issues that we are experiencing today over regulatory lag. A certificate of need for new generation and de-skewing of rates based on cost of service. The RPFs and energy efficiency builds were approved by the House Energy Committee in January, and the rest of the legislation continues to move forward. This is very important for Michigan, and is also as a key component of the governor state of the state speech in January. It has bipartisan support in the leadership in Michigan has actively working on the details of the legislation as we speak. We're hopeful that we can see passage of the bills by mid year, and this is a key focus for the DTE Energy management team right now. On slide 10, is an update on Detroit Edison's Investors program. We continue to make investments and everything is on track primarily driven by the environmental program at Monroe. We will be investing about $1billion dollars in environmental controls between now and 2012 in Detroit Edison. Additional growth investments beyond what we've outlined could come from our AMI program which we're piloting this year, and then down the road a new nuclear plant. We are on track this year to submit our application for the potential new nuclear plant. And then the last as I mentioned is the investments in renewable energy that could provide upside investments in growth. Slide 10 is a comparable site for MichCon growth story. This year's investments include $90 million investment in Western Michigan distribution expansion in the Grand Rapids area, $90 million utility gas storage project, and $50 million lateral pipe that is going to be constructed to connect the Michigan system to the panhandle pipeline. Going forward here also there could be additional growth from AMI program and a meter relocation program. On slide 12 is an update on the monetization program. As you know we started this process by projecting that we would have at least $800 million in proceeds, and the current projection is $1.7 billion. If you look at some of the pieces here on the right hand side Antrim, the peakers and the core Barnett. All have been closed. The PNI transaction as I mentioned earlier and you know, has been delayed due to the credit markets. We wanted to make sure we communicated that we are still committed to closing this transaction. We are currently in the process of exploring other, financing, and options, and focusing on traditional bank project financing at this time. I want to emphasize that we are committed to closing this transaction, and we would have, that we would by now if it wasn't for the credit markets. We assumed March 31st closing in our 2008 guidance. If the closing of this transaction happens after that date, you can expect about $0.02 per share increase in earnings per share for each quarter of delay, and we still expect to buyback the remaining $275 million of common stock when we close that deal. On slide 13, there is a an update on our Western Barnett properties. As you know, we sold the core properties at the end of 2007 that closed in January with proceeds of $250 million, which was 100% return on our investment. In regard to the Western properties and the table there is the Western proven reserves at year-end were 144 Bcf, which is up 30% over 2006. Our probable reserves are up 7%, at 192 Bcf, but you do need to take into consideration that we acquired 10,000 additional acreage in the Western properties last year, so it dilutes down the year-over-year improvement in probable reserves. And then on the bottom you can see that percent acres developed is 20%, which also was diluted by the additional acres acquired in 2007, but it still on the upside shows that there is 80% undeveloped position and it's properties. For 2008, we plan on investing about $100 million, and we are going to drill 30 to 40 wells and produce about 5 Bcf of gas from the 30 to 40 wells, since our current projections that could change overtime depending on what we've experienced as we prove up these properties. On slide 14, is a summary of our view on evaluation at this time for the Western Barnett. We've taken a very conservative position here, and others that might do evaluations, you could go about this differently, so it's possible that someone could do a forward projection. This is a point in time projection for us at this point in time. We've also here done a proved and probable analysis. Some people do what is known as a 3P analysis where they would include a possible reserves in their analysis, and we've not done that because we want to take a conservative view at this point in time. The Western portion of the Barnett is different than the core, and we are excited about the possibilities here, but it's less matured than the core properties. And we've often talked about the value curve and just wanted to note that these are... if you think about the chart that we've shown in the past, these are in the left hand side of that curve, so it's less mature and certainly it's going to take sometime to prove up the properties, and take it up the value curve. And just as a reference point, the core area of the basin there is 7,000 wells. So it's much more mature and certainly easy to get comps. In the Western part of the Barnett currently there is, slightly over 100 wells, and it's over a much wider portion of the basin. So this is very early stage in its development compared of the core properties. That said we made significant progress, and we see that the value today as outlined here. For the proved reserves we value those reserves at $1.50 to $2 an Mcf, there is... so the range there in the right hand side is $220 million to $290 million. For the probables we've taken a conservative position of $0.25 to $0.50 an Mcf. The value of the Western probables will become clear overtime, and certainly as more transactions happen in this area and more drilling happens. So you would expect over time that, that some of those probables would actually moved up into the proved categories, and it would also be very reasonable to expect a value of those probables per Mcf would go up overtime. The total valuation here is $270 million to $390 million. At the high-end that's almost double our current investment. And then as I mentioned there is upside taking into consideration that 80% of the acreage is still undeveloped. Also wanted to note that we have written-off our capital in the South, and we don't assume any value in this analysis for the Southern properties. Overall we believe that's a real interesting opportunity, but we think it's prudent at this point in time to be conservative in the valuation giving where we are in the developmental curve. On slide 15 is an update on our gas pipeline and storage business. As we've outlined for you in the past we believe we are well positioned to capitalize on the strong market dynamics basically with the gas movement from the Midwest to the Northeast. Our 2008 growth projects include our Shelby 2 storage project which is 8.1 Bcf storage project. The Vector expansion project, which will come online in 2009, and the new Millennium Pipeline, which I mentioned earlier, which will go into service at the end of the year. Before I turn the call over to Peter, I wanted to comment on last year's results. As you know, we talked last year in November, and then at EEI in November on some of the issues that we are experiencing predominantly our computer system replacement project that we were going through at that time. This is something that you only do once in a career at least for most of us, and from a company's standpoint something you do once every 20 to 30 years. We had systems that we're replacing that were over 30 years old. In total, we replaced over 160 systems. and it cause some disruption in our operations. But, now that is in place and things are certainly settling down; it provides a platform for us to drive continuous improvement going forward. In November, we took our guidance down and we asked the DTE management team to pursue cost reductions beyond their existing PEP cost reduction targets to help offset some of the incremental costs we were experiencing at that point in time. I am pleased to report this morning that the group rallied around this issue, and we delivered on our original 2007 guidance. The results that we are reporting today demonstrate our ability to deliver in spite of challenges like the higher storm cost we experience last year or the system related cost that we experienced as we launch the system. Another positive that also happened during the year when we took down our guidance, we were forecasting that lower load, and as Peter takes you through the earnings sell report that the load actually came in slightly positive in spite of some of the economic conditions in Michigan. We also realized that as we report these great results through 2007, it raises the chinning bar for 2008. It's too early right now to revise guidance, but internally we've targeted $2.90 per share as the minimum performance level for 2008. Now with that overview I'll turn it over Peter now who'll take you through the our year-end results.
Peter B. Oleksiak - Vice President and Controller: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start with slide 17 and the summary of 2007 accomplishments. Overall our utility had a solid performance in 2007 as Dave just went over, and we would communicate since the second quarter both utilities were impacted by this one-time system startup cost. In spite of that we are able to deliver near authorized return levels really on those cost control initiatives that we put in place during the end of 2007. On the non-utility side of our business we saw earnings improvements in all segments with the exception of Energy trading, which returned to our normalized earnings level in 2007 after a high income year in 2006. Actually 2006 was a reversal from accounting losses we had in 2005, but I will go with that in more detail in this presentation. I shall go over each segment in more detail. Let's move on to slide 18 and the summary of the 2007 results. As you can see on this chart operating earnings per share for DTE was $2.82. Last week we put out our press release that earnings would be at least $2.70. By the time we have released we knew we are going to be over guidance, but we are still in the midst of our financial audit and management reviews. So we went a bit conservative on the release really in order to get it out early and indication of that we are the year-end was coming in strong. I'd like to remind everyone that reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings is contained in the appendix. The main contributor to the years results to Detroit Edison at $2 a share with continuous solid earnings performance. MichCon contributed earnings to $0.48. The non-utility segments combined to contribute $0.83 with the coal and gas midstream and the trading company as the main contributors. Corporate and other loss for the year was $0.49. Finally I want to point that we have classified pressed a segment of discontinued operations and is now excluded from operating earnings. Moving on to page 19, where we can see a summary of each segment's performance year-over-year. I'll be covering each segment in more detail later in the presentation. Overall, operating earnings are down $35 million, utility earnings are down slightly from 2006 levels as the full year impact of the temporary show cause rate reduction reduced the earnings contribution at Detroit Edison. But, this is partially offset by higher earnings at MichCon driven by colder weather in 2007. Non-utility earnings were down slightly in 2007 as increased contribution from our power and industrial segment offset by the decline in the energy trading earnings, which as I indicated returned to near normal levels in 2007. As you may recall, energy trading earnings contribution in 2006 was $97 million, and once again due to mark-to-market economy timing. Finally, higher taxes resulted in an additional losses at corporate and other. Let's continue on to slide 20 and go through some details beginning with Detroit Edison. Operating earnings for Edison are down $23 million from 2006 levels, when earnings resulted in 12% return on equity. A key driver for the decline in earnings was the full year impact of the $79 million temporary show cause rate reduction. However, this reduction was offset by a positive order in the 2004 and 2005 power supply cost recovery reconciliation case. That order allowed Detroit Edison to keep of a portion of the over recovered for customers who's rate were frozen under the rate freeze in place at that time. During 2007, we continue to experience a shut down in the volume of choice deliveries. However, the financial impact of the reduction was reduced due to the choice record put in place this year as part of the show cause order. Electric margins also benefit from an increase in economy and weather related sales. For the increase in weather related margin was partially offset by the higher storm restoration cost. As mentioned previously, the higher computer startup cost reduced earnings in 2007. In addition we had a larger scope refueling outages from a nuclear facility, which ended up having a longer duration than originally planned. Finally higher taxes also contribute to decline in earnings. In 2007 return on equity for Edison is 10.6%. Moving on to page 21 in the review of MichCon's performance. Earnings at MichCon were up $16 million year-over-year impacted by colder weather, and a slight reduction in customer conservation. While weather was colder year-over-year 2007 was still 6% warmer than normal. Some of the Detroit Edison MichCon earnings were reduced by our major system implementation during the year. Lower financing costs related to our gas costs recovery and the sale of base gas contributed to earnings improvements in MichCon in 2007. As we announced last year, MichCon was able to settle its base gas case with the Michigan Public Service Commission. The settlement allows MichCon to sell approximately 3.6 Bcf of base gas for profit through 2009. In return MichCon will not increase base rates until 2010. During 2007, we realized a significant increase in storage revenues at MichCon due to higher margin and additional storage capacity. However, this increase is offset by higher loss and accounted for gas. MichCon's return on equity for 2007 is 10.7% and almost 12% in a weather normalized basis. Let us turn to page 22 in the non-utility business segments. Total non-utility operating earnings for 2007 are $143 million compared with the $147 million in 2006. Improvement in our coal and gas midstream segment was driven by increased storage contributions in gas midstream offset by a slight decline in coal trading business. Increased earning in our unconventional gas segment was driven by higher production in our Barnett properties offset by the sale of our Antrim properties in June. Earnings contributions from power and industrials up significantly, 2007 benefited from increased earnings contributions from our energy services projects, and some by the restructuring actions that we took in 2006. As previously mentioned energy training benefited from significant of timing related gains in 2006, while 2007 returned to a more normal earnings level. Let's now move to page 24, in 2008 earnings guidance. Consistent with our guidance release in December, we expect to deliver operating earnings of $433 million to $495 million of income or earnings per share of $2.70 to $3.10 in 2008. We'll continue to see a solid performance in the utilities in our targeting authorized returns in both companies. One note to point out our guidance assumes an end of March completion of our power and industrial project sale. We continue to see growing earning contribution for our gas midstream storage and pipeline investments. But, this growth will be offset by a decline in the coal transportation earnings related to synfuel in 2008. Unconventional gas results reflects earnings from our Western Barnett Shale properties, and we expect another strong year of earnings form energy trading in 2008. Corporate and other losses would decline slightly as interest cost has reduced from 2007 levels. We will closely monitor progress during 2008 against these targets, and we will provide additional updates as we move throughout the year. Given Edison's importance to overall DTE profitability, I'd like you to take you to page 25 for an overview of the earning drivers for our electric utility in 2008. Earnings this year will benefit from the expiration of the temporary show cause rate reduction and the choice track in 2008. As Dave mentioned earlier, this is in effect in term rate relief as we wait for the finalization of our newly amended rate case. With the help of the local economy is also a key swing factor in reaching authorized earnings in 2008. For budgetary and planning purposes, we assume flat growth in the territory. Our guidance is based on normal storm restoration weather, and we will see higher plant related costs due to growing rate base as we implement the utility growth plan. As indicated earlier we are targeting Detroit Edison to earn its authorized returns in 2008, which is the upper-end of this guidance. Turning to page 26 in the review of our 2009 earnings outlook. As you can see on this page, we are expecting significant growth opportunities in all segments for 2009. As always, we are targeting both the utilities to deliver earnings and authorized return level, and we will continue to focus on creating shareholder value within our non-utility businesses. The Edison outlook is dependant on the successful outcome in the current rate proceeding. With that, I would like to turn discussion over to Nick Khouri for review of cash flow and capital expenditures.
Nick A. Khouri - Vice President and Treasurer: Thanks, Peter, and good morning. As always, improved cash flow and balance sheet strength remains the key priorities for management and the Board of Directors. In 2007 the combination of synfuel proceeds and non-utility asset sales led to a strong overall cash year. Page 28 shows sources and uses of cash for 2007 and 2008. Last year was a peak year for synfuel net cash reaching $600 million. The combination of synfuel and non-synfuel cash generated 1.5 billion in internal resources. In addition, the execution of our non-utility modernization plan generated $1.3 billion in pretax cash, primarily driven by the sale of our Michigan unconventional gas properties. This supported approximately $500 million in parent company debt reduction, and $725 million in share repurchases. Moving to 2008, as we discussed in the past synfuel cash is phasing out generating an estimated $200 million this year in 2008, and $100 million in 2009. Asset sales this year expected at $1.1 billion comprised with the January sale of the core properties in Barnett, and as discussed previously that power industrial transaction. Once again this year the combination of internal cash and asset sales supports further reductions in holding company debt and share repurchases. Page 29 summarizes capital spending. As you can see, total capital reached $1.3 billion last year and is expected to grow to $1.5 billion this year. Nearly 70% of the projected capital spend is at Detroit Edison. MichCon capital is also up from historical levels while non-utility capital spending is expected at each of our business segments. Page 30 shows DTE has improved balance sheet metrics, both leverage in cash flow metrics improved in 2007, and we expect to end this year well with in our leverage target of 50% to 52% and the ratio of cash flow to debt between 22% and 24%. And finally SLS [ph] liquidity remains more than sufficient, we believe to offset any unforeseen circumstances. With that let me turn it back over to Dave for a wrap up.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Nick. Let me wrap up on slide 32, and then we will open it up for questions. We believe we are very attractive investment today specially at the prices that we are currently trading at. We've laid out for you our utility investment plan, which will drive 5% to 6 % growth, and we'll accomplish that growth by continuing the focus on high customer satisfaction and low cost. So as we complete our PEP initiative we're rolling right into an ongoing continues improvement program to continue to drive cost down. We believe the regulatory and political environment in Michigan is very positive, and we are optimistic about the energy legislation, which could bring initial upside growth from renewable energy. Our non-utility businesses have a proven track record, and we have returned some of that value to you through the $725 million stock repurchase program that we did last year, and when we complete the remainder of that program when the PNI deal closes. We've laid out some of the 2008 catalysts this morning, and we will keep you informed on our progress during the year. And last as I said earlier, our dividend at $2.12 per share is a very attractive piece of our total shareholder return story. And with that Kim, we'll open it up for questions now. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from John Kiani from Deutsche Bank.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, John.
Peter B. Oleksiak - Vice President and Controller: Good morning.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: House bill 5523, obviously if passed few things could allow for a forward-looking test here in Michigan, which I think clearly would be helpful. But, outside of that is their any precedent for the MPSE using a forward-looking test here, or using next years capital investments outside of known measurable changes, I am just trying to understand how the new '09 Detroit Edison test year fits in, and how it will be viewed by the commission?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: John, I have Don Stanczak with the us who is our, Director of Regulatory Affairs. I'll let him answer that question.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks.
Don Stanczak - Director of Regulatory Affairs: Well given the current known and measurable policy is the projected test year. However in the not too distance past particularly on the electric side, the commission used the fully projected test year. So these are kind of semantics in many respects. I mean we are projecting rates caused them t0 2009. But, I think if this legislation passes it would provide for more comprehensive forecast.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay. I see what you were saying. So the two are somewhat similar, but you feel that under the known and measurable change cause you can make those additions all right. And as far as the Dave, as far as the PNI power and industrial transactions is concerned, can you walk through what steps are left, I mean is it just the financing, and can you remind us again how much debt you are looking to raise?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It is that just the financing that as you know, we sold 50% of the equity in that transaction GE. We are working closely with GE. If you went back to the total debt amount it's $650 million and originally we were trying to do this with term loan and unsecured loans. We've shifted and we're basically working right on that... what I would describe as traditional project financing and that debt takes a little bit of time just to go through the documentation and working with the banks. So hopefully that will provide an avenue for us to close this transaction and as time goes on, it's just getting harder to say that's going to be done by the end of March, it's very likely we are going to move in the second quarter.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Right. And what credit rating are you targeting for the debt?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Nick, do you want to go ahead?
Nick A. Khouri - Vice President and Treasurer: As we can tell you what the original debt was being and the entire structure where we targeted BB. This is a different market than the bank market, and it will be... have the characteristics of a non-investment grade. Investment still, but whether we get it rated or not, we'll have to wait and see. It's a different market. It doesn't always need a rating.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Got you. You still might get a private placement or something like that?
Nick A. Khouri - Vice President and Treasurer: That's the goal.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Great. Okay, thanks a lot.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Thank you.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Bye.
Operator: Moving on our next question is from Samantha Dennison from Credit Suisse.
Samantha Dennison - Credit Suisse: Good morning.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Samantha Dennison - Credit Suisse: Assuming Michigan does pass and out you're founded [ph], what do you see as the investment opportunity for you guys?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I am sorry, on the renewable energy or?
Samantha Dennison - Credit Suisse: Yes.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: What we have said last year was that we saw at least $1 billion in it. It certainly could be much more than that. One of the things we'll have to work through here is not only the total investment, but over what timeframe and then what percentage would be built by the utilities versus what might be purchased on the market but, what we said publicly is $1 billion, it could be much higher than that, but you will have to wait and see how legislation works out here.
Samantha Dennison - Credit Suisse: There's $1 billion assumed you used, but yourself told 60% or is that assuming you build everything?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The $1 billion was a rough number that assumed that we would build half and purchase half. But, I would also say that as time is got on, the total number that has grown overtime also that would be used for wins. So...
Samantha Dennison - Credit Suisse: Have you guys been buying any acreage up for wind?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, you know we have over 40,000 acres basically locked up predominately in the thumb of Michigan for a wind.
Samantha Dennison - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thank you. Also with Detroit Edison actually rate base up about $200 million versus your prior estimate, do you have room to exceed your 2009 guidance range to add that up?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think it's it really too early right now to say it now we will have to wait and see how predominant driver for 2009 is the rate cases of that we've talked about right now. So I would just say that for now I would just would like to stick with the numbers in the range that we put up for 2009 and it's really early.
Samantha Dennison - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thanks very much guys.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Barbara Chapman from Bear Stearns.
Barbara Chapman - Bear Stearns: Good morning.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Barbara.
Barbara Chapman - Bear Stearns: When everything is said and done, if you got what you ask for on the electric rate increase including the effects of the rate subsidies that is skewing what would that be percentage wise for an increase in customer bills?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: If you step back, the base rates have not gone up since 2006. So if you look at an average annual increase over that period 2006 to 2009 its 1.2% increase annually compounded growth over that period.
Barbara Chapman - Bear Stearns: Right. But, if you look at a 2009 bill what they the day that this rate increase if you got everything you asked for the day that it went in, on an average customer bill what would they be paying more than they pay to month before?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's a 5%.
Barbara Chapman - Bear Stearns: And that includes?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I am sorry its 6%, for an average bill of $5 a month.
Barbara Chapman - Bear Stearns: Okay 6% or $5, and that includes the request on the rate just skewing, and does that also include... there is an interim increase also, correct? Because there is some thing falls off? Why don't you go ahead, Don?
Don Stanczak - Director of Regulatory Affairs: That's $5 increase is after the impact of the expiration of the show cause settlement rate reduction.
Barbara Chapman - Bear Stearns: Okay. So if you take the bill, so it is actually a bigger percentage correct, than if we take up before that falls off?
Don Stanczak - Director of Regulatory Affairs: Compared to today's rates yes, it is slightly larger.
Barbara Chapman - Bear Stearns: Okay. Is it... does it make a percentage larger, percentage... I am just trying to judge the magnitude of the increase to judge any political pressure in current economics environment against the rate increase?
Don Stanczak - Director of Regulatory Affairs: I guess I gave the absolute numbers, the increase we are looking for is 240... $284 million, and the expiration of the show cause reduction is $79 million. So expiration of the show cause reduction is not that significant.
Barbara Chapman - Bear Stearns: Right, all right. Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glen Rock Associates: Good morning guys.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Paul.
Peter B. Oleksiak - Vice President and Controller: Good morning.
Paul Patterson - Glen Rock Associates: I wanted to just go over the power and industrial transaction again, what is the actual... what would the impact be if for some reason the transaction were to occur, I know that you said that there is $0.02 of additional EPS per quarter, until the deal closes. But, what would happen if in fact for some reason you just weren't able to do the deal?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: If that happens I knew it over our guidance because the guidance assumed that it did happen on March 31st it would add $0.02 share per earnings for each quarter. So you'd add $0.06 a share for the remainder of the year to our guidance. And then we would not complete the stock repurchase program.
Paul Patterson - Glen Rock Associates: Okay. So you just take... we add $0.06 so then we subtract $650 million with the stock repurchase?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No.
Paul Patterson - Glen Rock Associates: How much would... how much of the proceeds again if you could just remind me, how much of the proceeds of the $650 million go to for the stock repurchase. How less stock for repurchased?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: $275 million.
Paul Patterson - Glen Rock Associates: $275 million. Okay. Now when we are talking of the 2007 in performance of the power and industrial versus 2006, there was a mention of the restructuring and what have you... I assumed it's a little complicate to me and I apologies. Could you just go through what exactly led to the increase in 2007, and particularly, I guess the fourth quarter here versus 2006. Because I know there were something that were carved out of operating earnings. But, it looks like operating earnings sounds better because of the restructuring just elaborate a little on that?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You are asking relative to the power and industrial business.
Don Stanczak - Director of Regulatory Affairs: Yes, there were a number of impairments and you'll see that curved out at least the impairment amounts. But, even before this impairments there were losses for those business, mainly in our generation assets and as part of our restructuring, I was selling those so when we took the impairments out, but there was losses during 2006, before those impairments. Also there was PEP tech operations as well, which is part of our power and industrial segment. So there was some improvements just because those losses were no longer there in 2007.
Paul Patterson - Glen Rock Associates: I got you. So by selling it there was... there were losses, there were operating losses by getting rid of those assets, those losses are gone and that's the improvement?
Don Stanczak - Director of Regulatory Affairs: Yes for the portion of improvement... and we are watching probably seeing underlying good performance, specially all of our coal better actually had a record production here, in the year 2007.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And the price of coke and can the price of the value of the coke by-products went up in the year. So now you had the impairments in 2006, we actually had good business performance in 2007, and we actually... we kept the business for a whole year. So we had the benefit of that for 12 months.
Paul Patterson - Glen Rock Associates: Okay. And then when we are talking about the new form of financing... the project financing, I think if I heard correctly on John Kiani's question you guys suggested that, it was probably we are going to now move into the second, where you going?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right.
Paul Patterson - Glen Rock Associates: Okay. And that's because you now going to be using a different form of financing. Does that change any costs or is their any element of that that we should think about in terms of what the issues are with respect to that type of financing?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, it doesn't. And I... we are basically just taking a different approach. So its just the time element of restarting here with the different group, and that I'll just push it into the second quarter.
Paul Patterson - Glen Rock Associates: Okay. Is there... you mentioned that the markets were choppy, and that's obviously one reason that it appears that you guys are going for this methodology. If the markets are still as choppy as they are, do you think that that would cause any issue in terms of this new financing or, is this that we are seeing some sort of strange activity here in terms of what's going on the credit markets? Are you seeing this new... this new form of financing that's you are expecting or it's actually some of the traditional. But, are you seeing a better market in that? And do you see any issue associated with that at all? I'll ask Nick to jump in but, the regional structure in this environment that we can't finance. Their was a point in December where we could have, but the interest rates have rose to a point where we just had this does make sense for our shareholder. So we held back, and at the original structure that we have proposed including the unsecured debt, its... you can't find answer today at all. So, that's why we shifted to other alternatives, and the project financing, right now as it's viewed that it is transactable, we are going to work our way through this, and the proof will be in the advance that we do close, but we've got enough interest from... from the banks, and we are currently going through the process of getting this put together. That doesn't mean that some unforeseen event couldn't happen that could even effect their segment of the financing market, but it looks like today given the conditions that exist today, we could not pursue this as the financing mechanism.
Paul Patterson - Glen Rock Associates: Okay. Great, thanks a lot.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay.
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning, David, how are you?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good. Hi, Paul.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: It sounds like in the fourth quarter Tony kind of put out a mandate to slash costs. I don't suspect a lot of that sustainable, but did you find any nuggets in there that you think you can carry forward?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The answer would be yes. I think we've talked about this before that, yes, we did our PEP program, in this we drove over $300 million in cost productions and 1000 FTEs and headcount reduction. We are driving all our operations towards first quartile benchmarks. Some of those operations are getting close, some have the ways to go, so combination of what we are doing in PEP plus what happened at your outlet kind of renewed our conviction, that is more out there, and as we talked about giving the amount of capital that we are going to be deploying in the sensitivity around customer rates cost reductions are going to become a way of life here. So we've kind of reinvigorated our continuous improvement initiative, and every group in the company is off working on cost reductions already. This year for 2008 with the objective of offsetting inflation and keeping O&M as flat as possible.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: You've indicated that the Detroit Edison earned of 10.6 ROE is that inclusive of SAP implementation over runs?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes,it is.
Don Stanczak - Director of Regulatory Affairs: Yes, it is, going on.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And clearly I think your stock prices are reflection of some investor sentiment that stated the debt markets is going to be preclude getting the PNI done. Kind of how are you handicapping that internally given your new focus on looking for alternatives?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We are cautiously optimistic I would describe it to say that we think this project financing provides a path to us, but I think everybody has been caught off guard by what's happened in and you don't know when the next shoe is going to drop, that's going to affect even something like traditional project financing, but as of today, we think it's a viable alternative, and we are pressing forward on that.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Is the right way to think about this is this financing is almost is like a bridge until we get stabilization in the deeper debt markets?
Nick A. Khouri - Vice President and Treasurer: No. Paul, this Nick. I wouldn't think of it that way. This is a... there should be a permanent financing structure for these assets.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay.
Operator: : We'll take our next question from a Yiktat Fung from Zimmer Lucas Partners.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Good morning.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: First of all with regards to the rate case update that you recently filed at the Michigan PSC, I was wondering as if you've got any sort of feedback from either staff or your commission, whether that update is acceptable to them or what sort of extra time the staff would need to review that update and for those staff testimony?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Don?
Don Stanczak - Director of Regulatory Affairs: Sure, as you would expect we've had some preliminary conversations with the commission staff, and there will be some delay. But, as we've indicated I expect we'll get an order in early '09. So I don't think there will be a very significant delay.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: So when should we expect staff testimony will it be in April or May versus the original March date?
Don Stanczak - Director of Regulatory Affairs: Well I think it will be some time in the second quarter. What will happen next is there will be another pre-hearing to reset the schedule, and will no more once that happens.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay. As for the PNI transaction, is there a termination day of this agreement and how far back is DTE potentially pushback at this stage?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In terms of termination date, there is really not a termination date, virtually both DTE and GE were targeting to get this done by the end of March, and so we were just doing that just to keep the pressure on ourselves to get this thing closed, and what they are moving into the second quarter this is really I wouldn't think about this having a cliff date that we are targeting towards, and the second part of your question was?
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Basically I was just wondering if there is anymore room to... how much room there is to push this day back.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It really depends since as we are talking about with earlier questions on when we get ready to actually execute on this financing, what's happening in the border markets of that point in time. So will have to... part of the answer is will see when we get their, as I said we are cautiously optimistic. But, we just don't know what unforeseen events might creep up in the broader markets.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: And then finally with regards to the Barnett Shale research valuation [ph] that you put out. Can you just give us some sort of color with regards to how you derive the value per Mcfe?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Paul, are you still with us?
Paul Teske - President of DTE Gas Resources, Inc.: Yes, I am.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: All right. I have got Paul Teske online. Paul heads up the group... heads up the group down in Forth Worth and I'll let him comment on that.
Paul Teske - President of DTE Gas Resources, Inc.: Yes. We look at the two categories the proved and probable. For the proved, we've got a reserve report, the values is relatively transparent as it relates to that. On the probable side, it's not an easy thing to come up with those multiples. There are not a lot of comps, there haven't been a lot of transaction in this part of the play. So this is our best internal judgment related on, how we feel about the resource and it's relative maturity as it relates to the value curve that Dave talked about earlier.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Basically the proved portion was based on comps?
Paul Teske - President of DTE Gas Resources, Inc.: Comps, and our own internal reserve report and valuation of that, yes.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll move on to Raymond Lung [ph] from Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, guys. Couple of questions, with respect to short-term debt it was about a billion dollars with MichCon about 455 is that really just working capital with MichCon for gas purchases?
Peter B. Oleksiak - Vice President and Controller: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Peter B. Oleksiak - Vice President and Controller: MichCon is a cyclical pattern, and as they put gas in the ground they buildup CP balances and then run it off as they sell the gas.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And what your expectations with respect to the remaining balance of the short-term debt. Would you need to tap to capital markets, you didn't show anything like that in you sources in new system.
Peter B. Oleksiak - Vice President and Controller: No. Without talking exclusively about the plans the two utilities will be accessing in the capital markets as they fund their investments, their capital investment over there next few years. But, there is no immediate requirement to tap the Capital markets.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And can you... Nick can you also talk about any auction rates exposure and what's happening there? Are you guys thinking of maybe terming anything out if you do have any exposure. I think you do have some.
Nick A. Khouri - Vice President and Treasurer: Yes, no. Let's put in context we have about $7 billion in total debt at DTE Energy. We do have about $200 million of auction rate securities, and like the rest of the world the auctions are failed the last few weeks. So we are thinking about terming out those auction rates securities.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And what's the average rate of the auction rate currently?
Nick A. Khouri - Vice President and Treasurer: Well it's about... there are 312... with out giving too much details, it's about $200 million outstanding, most of it is right... 71.5% right now, it's the maximum rate. There is a small piece that's higher than that, but generally it's above 7% to 8%.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And finally last question any... can you give us any color on a billings, i.e. is there... has there been any rise in delinquencies and how the economy is sort of... is there... has there been any impact with the slowdown in the economy for you guys?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No. As you know the Michigan economy, actually has slowdown slightly before the rest of the country. So we experience that several years ago and as a result of what we are seeing we actually have pursued and we are able to get a bad debt track at MichCon is where we tend to see more issues on the bad debt. So with the bad debt tracker in place and putting MichCon and Edison side-by-side there is really not much difference at this point in time versus a year ago or two years ago.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay.
Operator: Our next question today is from Ben Sung [ph] from Luminous Management.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. It looks as if 24 you are saying that's without a rate increases... without a rate increase you are going to get you are authorized 11% ROV in 2008, so is it appropriate to think of the 248 million rate increase request has been to cover cost increases and capital that's going to be invested during 2009?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, what I see I would also offer that as we progress in 2008 without their rate increase just as it makes it more challenging to actually earn your authorized return. So as the year plays out certainly we will have to look towards cost reduction with some of those cost productions could be non-recurring one-time cost reductions just help us prior to that rate increase during our authorized. And then, the second part of the answer is basically what you say that which we the rate increase helps cover the higher cost and that capital going in the service.
Unidentified Company Representative: Significant in service 2009.
Unidentified Analyst: What's the revenue think about how much of the one-time sort of cost reductions there are in 2008?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: There is two parts to that answer, one is that we starting one piece left of our continuous improvement in PEP initiatives, so we have $20 million to $30 million what I would describe is plan embedded cost reductions, and then certainly we are trying to create headroom on the cost reduction side for unforeseen events and that could be everything from higher storm to a mild summer at Detroit Edison. So we have a preprogrammed amount, and we are looking to actually build up some headroom for unforeseen events to make sure that we can earn and are authorized in 2008.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And we have a question from Bill Apacheli [ph] from Citi.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, Good morning.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Bill.
Unidentified Analyst: I just had a quick question. Assuming the PNI deal closes on 528, just mention about potential for further equity repurchases. Do you have any of that vacancy over 2009, preliminary 2009 guidance?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well the... we assume right now in our 2008 guidance, so that happens on March 31st. So then, the answer for 2009 will be yes, that happened in the prior year and this is the way to think about it?
Unidentified Analyst: Right. But I guess above and beyond the 275 repurchases?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, right now, that will be the remainder of what we previously announced was $1 billion stock repurchase program that was tied to the cash flows, the combined cash flows that was coming from the restructuring of the non-utility businesses and synfuel cash --
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Mark Segal [ph] from Canaccord Adam.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, Good morning.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Mark.
Unidentified Analyst: Quick question regarding your AMI pile that's going on. Can you give us a status update there. How that's progressing and what the time table looks like?
Unidentified Company Representative: Give you a high level work that as it is going to be and throughout this year there's different gates during that process. One of them is going to be mid year, we'll make a decision whether to progress or not and there is another gate at the end of the year that is really just a small pilot really equivalent of the technology.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, so are you anywhere near as close as to narrowing down a technology or committing to particular vendor?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No. no, we are in that process right now are the operation groups and the procurement and legal teams are in the process of narrowing that down making the selection and negotiating our contract and we have not announced yet who we will work with on this pilot program.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then lastly has there been any inclusion of metering so far in your rate case filings thus far or will you need PUC approval and what will be the timetable looks like?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Don, why don't you answer that.
Don Stanczak - Director of Regulatory Affairs: In our current request and even in the original request in the rate case we did include some capital expenditures for AMI forecast.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, all right. Thanks very much.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you. Kim, I don't know if there is any more questions, if there are then we will take one more question.
Operator: All right. And that comes from Asher Khan [ph] from SAC Capital.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, I wanted to understand what happened in the trading business this quarter I guess if I am right it had a break even or negative result in the fourth quarter of 2007?
Peter B. Oleksiak - Vice President and Controller: For the trading business its really to take a look at the annual level there is accounting essentially the noise that happens is due to the revenue accounting of marking your fourth sales and not your inventory. So it means there is nothing unusual that happened in the fourth quarter and actually earnings came in right as projected in the original guidance.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, so you were expecting to earn nothing in the fourth quarter?
Peter B. Oleksiak - Vice President and Controller: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: And that's just because of what, because of the way accounting works? Is that what we should expect going forward that you should earn zero from trading in the fourth quarter?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No. The big mark-to-market movement that has to do with the trading that you do around storage, that we've talked about in the past where the... you have this mismatch in the current accounting rules. But, the accounting rules coming down the road and fair value might rectify this. But we account for gas in storage at average inventory cost and the forward sales mark-to-market, so they don't move intend on. And so in any given quarter, you could have a mark-to-market gain or mark-to-market loss with that storage. And on an accounting basis moving up and down ultimately it settles at the real light economics. So, it's just part of the... the accounting noise that we have deal with today and has I mentioned the FASB is addressing this issue, and hopefully a lot of that storage accounting mismatch will go away.
Unidentified Analyst: And if I can end up you might have mentioned this, there is a negative 20 for the PSER adjustment for 2007 in the '08 guidance. Could you just help us to understand where... why is that getting reflected again this year?
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think what you are looking at is basically a year-over-year impact, where it is one year or not repeated --
Peter B. Oleksiak - Vice President and Controller: Yes, this is 2007 I was mentioning and even in my speaking notes that we had a favorable order. So this is the opposite five ways for favorability in 2007 we are not going to see that favorability in 2008. Surely that was what I would just say a one time tied to that reconciliation case.
Unidentified Analyst: So, that was one time boost in '07 which is not there in '08?
Peter B. Oleksiak - Vice President and Controller: That is correct.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Correct.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So either we can take it one time out in '08. Okay. Thank you.
David E. Meador - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Thank you. And I thank everybody for joining us today. And thank you for the great questions, and we look forward to seeing you soon.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference today. Thank you all for your participation.
