===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-06 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining the Duke Energy First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. My name is Sammy and I'll be coordinating your call today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand over to your host, Abby Motsinger, VP, Investor Relations to begin. Please go ahead, Abby.
Abby Motsinger: Thank you, Sammy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Duke Energy's first quarter 2025 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Harry Sideris, President and CEO, along with Brian Savoy, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking information. Actual results may differ from forward-looking statements due to factors disclosed in today's materials and in Duke Energy's SEC filings. The appendix of today's presentation includes supplemental information, along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures. With that, let me turn the call over to Harry. Harry Sideris Thank you, Abby, and good morning, everyone. Before I discuss the quarter, let me start by saying how excited I am to be with you today on my first call as CEO. Since we announced our leadership succession in January, I've had the opportunity to spend time with many stakeholders, including our customers, investors, regulators, and Duke Energy teammates. These conversations centered around the same theme, the critical role Duke Energy plays in powering the lives of our communities and serving the incredible power demand facing the nation. We are projecting load growth at levels I've never seen in my 30-year career, which will drive more than a decade of record infrastructure build. We are ready to meet the moment with a renewed focus on speed and agility and supported by the same spirit of innovation that has been at the heart of this company for over a century. As I assumed the CEO role during this pivotal point for our company and industry, Duke Energy's mission remains unchanged, delivering long-term value for shareholders and superior service to our customers and communities by building a smarter energy future. Moving to the quarterly results, today we announced first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.76, which marks a strong start to the year. These results are $0.32 above last year, driven by top line growth across our electric and gas utilities. The constructive regulatory outcomes we've delivered over the last several years provide line of sight to earnings growth with minimized rate case exposure in 2025 and 2026. We remain confident in our outlook and are reaffirming our 2025 guidance range of $6.17 to $6.42 and our long-term EPS growth rate of 5% to 7% through 2029. Moving to Slide 5, meeting our customers' growing and evolving energy demands requires not only new generation, but where possible, maintaining and enhancing our existing generation. In March, we received approval from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to extend the operating license for our Oconee nuclear station for an additional 20 years. With three generating units that produce more than 2,600 megawatts, Oconee is our first nuclear station to reach this milestone and will now power the Carolinas into the 2050s. As the operator of the largest regulated fleet in the nation, nuclear is foundational to our strategy, and we intend to seek similar extensions for each of our remaining reactors to extend their respective licensing periods. In addition to extending the life of our nuclear fleet, we continue to pursue up-rate projects to efficiently increase the capacity of existing natural gas, nuclear, and hydro units. Individually, these are small, ranging less than 10 megawatts up to 75 megawatts per unit. But in aggregate, they represent over 1 gigawatt of cost-effective incremental capacity to support our growing regions. Turning to new generation, we've taken several important steps this year to advance our all-of-the-above strategy to meet growing demand and replace aging infrastructure. In the Carolinas, we commenced early site activities for our first combined cycle unit in Person County, and we filed a CPCN for a second combined cycle at the site. In Indiana, we filed CPCNs for two combined cycles in February. In Florida, we're making investments in solar and battery storage projects approved in our multiyear rate plan. In January, we joined a public-private DOE grant application led by TVA to explore new nuclear technologies. The coalition has the potential to accelerate SMR technology development and increase our access to industry learnings and best practices And finally, we recently announced a strategic partnership with GE Vernova to secure up to 19 natural gas turbines. This agreement provides for timely delivery of critical infrastructure to meet our enterprise-wide resource plans and serve the growing needs of our customers into the 2030s. Moving to Slide 6. We continue to work closely with regulators, policymakers, and other stakeholders to advance regulatory and legislative priorities across our jurisdictions. In the Carolinas, we've had ongoing discussions with stakeholders in both states around merging our DEC and DEP utilities. We are on track to file a merger application later this year with North Carolina and South Carolina commissions, as well as the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. The proposed merger would create significant customer savings, simplify operations and regulatory processes, and add operational flexibility to our system. We expect the application process to take about a year and are targeting January 2027 for the effective date of the merger. We also continue to advance Storm Securitization in North and South Carolina, and we're on track to issue securitization bonds in both states by the end of this year. Turning to Florida, in March we began recovering 2024 hurricane costs over 12 months. The timely recovery of storm costs was a key objective into the year, and this constructive outcome supports our commitment to a strong balance sheet. Finally, our Kentucky electric rate case is progressing with hearings scheduled for later this month, and we expect to implement new rates later this year. I am incredibly proud of our strong performance in the first quarter, which is a result of continued operational excellence and the constructive outcomes the team has delivered. The fundamentals of the company are stronger than ever and provide visibility of growth for years to come. With that, let me turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Savoy: Thanks, Harry, and good morning, everyone. Moving to Slide 7, we delivered a strong first quarter. We've reported an adjusted earnings per share of $1.76, a 22% increase over the first quarter of 2024. Within the segments, electric utilities and infrastructure was up $0.33 compared to last year. Growth was driven by higher sales volumes, improved weather, and the implementation of new rates. Partially offsetting these items were higher interest expense and depreciation. Moving to Gas Utilities & Infrastructure, results were up $0.08 compared to last year, driven by new rates at Piedmont, North Carolina. And finally, the other segment was down $0.08, primarily due to higher interest expense. Overall, we are very pleased with the first quarter results, which were in line with our expectations and reflect the strength of the regulatory outcomes and operational performance we have consistently delivered. Turning to Slide 8. Weather normal volumes increased 1.8% versus last year, in line with our full year projection of 1.5% to 2%. Residential volumes were up over 3% in the quarter, reflecting both customer growth and higher usage. We continue to see robust customer growth through the first quarter, concentrated in the Southeast and Indiana. As we look ahead, we continue to expect load growth to accelerate beginning in 2027 as economic development projects come online. Our economic development pipeline continues to grow and includes advanced manufacturing projects across multiple sectors as well as data centers. We're streamlining processes across the organization to accelerate projects through the pipeline, which is yielding results. In April, we signed new letter agreements for nearly 1 gigawatt of data center projects, and advanced manufacturing projects continue to ramp. The pipeline remains robust, and we continue to take a risk-adjusted approach as we evaluate which projects to include in our forecast. Turning to Slide 9. As we've demonstrated over many years, our commitment to our current credit ratings and a strong balance sheet will remain a top priority as we execute our growth objectives. We are delivering on all credit supportive initiatives and are firmly on track to achieve 14% FFO to debt this year, and we expect to improve above 14% over the 5-year plan. This provides over 100 basis points of cushion above our Moody's downgrade threshold, and over 200 basis points above our S&P downgrade threshold. As we disclosed in February, we expect to issue $1 billion of common equity this year via our DRIP and ATM programs. In the first quarter, we took advantage of a strong market, pricing just over $530 million, more than half of our annual target. We've also completed close to 40% of our planned long-term debt issuances for 2025, and are on track to receive storm securitization proceeds by the end of the year in the Carolinas. Before I close, let me take a moment to talk about progress on our capital plan. We're continuing to advance our grid improvement plans, and as Harry highlighted, we're investing in our existing fleet and hitting a new gear in building generation. We invested more than $3 billion of capital in the quarter and we're on track for $15 billion for the full year. As we think about our capital plan going forward, we're evaluating the impact of tariffs. It's important to remember that tariffs primarily affect capital, and the majority of our capital spend is American labor, which is not subject to tariffs. We currently estimate the impact of tariffs to be about 1% to 3% of our 5-year capital plan. And we are confident in our ability to further minimize the impact, leveraging our size and scale to work with suppliers across our diverse supply chain. Moving to Slide 10, we remain confident in delivering our 2025 earnings guidance range of $6.17 to $6.42 and 5% to 7% earnings growth through 2029 with the potential to earn the top half of the range as load growth accelerates in the back end of the plan. Our track record of constructive regulatory outcomes provides a solid foundation and minimizes near-term regulatory exposure in our financial plan. We are well-positioned to achieve our growth targets, which combined with our attractive dividend yield, provide a compelling risk-adjusted return for shareholders. With that, we'll open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hey guys, good morning.
Harry Sideris: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Morning, morning. Just, I guess first, it's obviously, it's been reaffirmed, but you're seeing obviously a fairly sunk step up in '27. You're signing more letters of agreements. '27 isn't that far off. I guess, at what point could we start seeing some guideposts around incremental CapEx opportunities above your base plan, like some of your peers have been doing? So a range of maybe possible upside CapEx opportunities that can go into plan as more deals are signed. I guess, are you considering this type of placeholder disclosure and could EEI be the podium for that? Thanks.
Harry Sideris: Thanks for that, Shar. I'll start off and turn it over to Brian for any feedback he has on it as well. So we just updated our plan in February, as you know, $83 billion for the next 5 years. Half of that going into the grid, half of it for generation build. We got several updates coming up with our IRP and the Carolinas being updated. We continue to work our pipeline. It's stable and growing and as that continues and our updates to our IRP, I can never say that word, we will continue to look at our plans, but we do have a wealth of investment opportunities and growth opportunities, and we'll continue to look at that and update you as that comes along. And, Brian, do you have anything to add?
Brian Savoy: Yes, I would add. We're updating our resource plans, and we just actually filed our 10-year site plan in Florida, which calls for more resources than our previous plan. And, Shar, we've kind of gotten on this annual cycle of updating capital in February. If there is a catalyst, we will definitely update the investment community. But until then, I would kind of look to February as our major capital update cycle. But we take all these things into consideration when we update. Quarter Okay. Got it. And then just maybe a question for Brian. Just on credit metrics, I mean, obviously, the key thing is the visibility is improving. You guys are monetizing the tax credits. You're getting storm cost recoveries. I guess when can we start seeing some more specificity around, actual target ranges within the plan versus the 100 basis points, 200 basis guidance you guys have out there for some time? Is there a point when you can start to disclose around actual ranges you guys decide to land at during the trajectory? Thanks.
Brian Savoy: I appreciate the question, Shar, and it's something that we've been discussing a lot internally as we've continued to improve the credit profile of Duke and growing the operating cash flow and clearing some of these items that are in front of us like Storm Recovery and Storm Securitization. So, you know, I think we're going to continue to evaluate it, but we'll see this within maybe our next cycle in February. We'll give a more defined targeted range on where we would be on the credit.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. That was actually my question. I appreciate that. Thanks, guys.
Harry Sideris: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Jefferies. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Harry Sideris: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, team. Thank you guys very much for the time. Hey, pleasure. Hey, guys, just to follow-up a little bit on what Shar was just picking at here. I mean, one gigawatt of signed deals in April alone, quite a statement there. How are you thinking about the statement with respect to the cadence that you'd contemplated? I mean, obviously, as you say, you've seen this accelerated load growth, but is it actually accelerating actively versus what you guys had contemplated initially? Maybe, I'm not asking specifically about the CapEx, but just in terms of the cadence of adding a single gigawatt in a single month of data center deals Specifically, I mean, are you seeing more than what you'd even talked about? back in February or maybe another way to ask that is where are you within that range of the 3% to 4% that you laid out just a handful of months ago as you see these data points coming in.
Harry Sideris: Yes, Julien, our pipeline continues to be robust and continues to grow. And we've really focused on accelerating getting projects through what we call our funnel to get them from the pipeline through these letter agreement stages to shore them up. So this 1 gigawatt that we just signed is working through our process. It's been contemplated in our plans. And we'll continue to work that large pipeline that we have to move more of these through our funnel to look at how we go to in the future. So we feel very comfortable and confident that we have a great pipeline and we continue to find ways to work through that faster for our customers.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Understood. All right. And then if I can pivot slightly differently, I mean, big announcement the other day with your friends at GEV here. How do you think about the 19 turbine commitments? I mean, just against what you guys have in the plan, how do you think about that juxtaposing versus what's formally in the plan versus what's possible here? Again, I know that it's not a formal commitment on your side per se, but I'm just curious how that fits and what that might suggest about future activities and future generation needs and the timeline.
Harry Sideris: We were very pleased with the partnership of GE. We talked about meeting the moment at Duke and serving the tremendous load growth that we have ahead of us. And innovative agreements and framework agreements like this gives us the flexibility as we're moving projects through that funnel that we're able to have the supply chain shored up in terms of turbines and other agreements that we have so that we could quickly serve these customers as they want to come on. So this is important to shore up and give us the flexibility as we move these projects into fruition that we're able to deliver them to the customer quickly because that's what they want. So these agreements are great.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. '25 seems like you're trending well already. I mean it's too early to talk about, shall we say, moving within the range, but how do you think about putting more latitude against shoring up where you are against the longer term outlook, just even '26 here and derisking some of the future years?
Brian Savoy: Yes, Julien, I think we look at our 5-year plan and our 5% to 7% growth and feel very good about that growth outlook And good start to '25 obviously helps every year in front of it. So we think that 2026 planning has been underway for many months now as we think about the years ahead and we were well-positioned to deliver on that growth range as we look at the plan.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Great, guys. All right. Thank you so much.
Brian Savoy: Thank you.
Harry Sideris: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI Group. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Good morning, team. Thank you for giving me time. Congrats, Harry, once again. Just you guys …
Harry Sideris: Good morning, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: … have -- good morning, Harry. You guys have discussed the DEDC merger in the past. Maybe just a little bit more color. What are the financial implications of that merger, when and if approved, cost savings? I know there's going to be some operations streamlining, but just any color you can share there would be appreciated.
Harry Sideris: Yes, Durgesh. We're excited about the opportunity to merge our DEC and DEP utilities, something we've contemplated since the merger back in 2012. Stakeholders are very supportive of this. It does generate a lot of savings over time for our customers, over a $1 billion, so that will help with the affordability to our rates for our customers going forward. It really focuses on operational savings, fuel savings from running a combined system, managing our reserve margins as a whole instead of separately allowing us to put plants in the best location and optimize that. It's less regulatory proceedings, which our regulators like as well as us, so it continues to provide a lot of benefits for our customers. So we continue to work with our stakeholders on finalizing the details. Like I mentioned earlier, we plan to file later this summer with the North Carolina and South Carolina commissions as well as FERC and look to be running as one utility in January of 2027.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Okay. Sounds like a ton of room for making improvements on the customer build. Great. Just one quick follow-up on the data center. 1 gigawatt signings. Can you just size how many customers is that? Just trying to get a flavor for are these one or two large customers or just the megawatts per customer, if you will? Thank you.
Harry Sideris: Yes, the 1 gigawatt we talk about is actually two customers.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. Thanks so much.
Harry Sideris: Very good.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carly Davenport from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Carly Davenport: Hey, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Maybe to …
Harry Sideris: Good morning, Carly.
Carly Davenport: … start IRA. Good morning, Harry. Thanks for taking the time. Maybe just to start, IRA has been pretty topical throughout earnings season here as we look at some of the potential legislation coming through reconciliations. Can you just provide your latest views on the outlook both for transferability and the future of the tax credits that support a lot of these renewables projects? And can you just remind us in terms of what is actually baked into the financial plan from a transferability perspective?
Harry Sideris: Yes, I'll take that one, Carly. We appreciate the what Congress has ahead of them and how many priorities they'll be weighing as they work through the budget reconciliation process. We tend to look at this from the customer's perspective. And really our overarching objective is to maintain affordability for our customers. And that's what we've framed our advocacy around. The savings our customers receive from these energy credits fall right in line to what the President wants to do, which is delivering on his promise to reduce power bills across the country. As you know, each one of these dollars that we earn in energy tax credits goes back to our customers. The nuclear tax credits are most important to us. Our well-run, low-cost nuclear plants earn over $500 billion of tax credits that go directly to reducing our customers' bills. Nuclear has broad support in Washington, and we were pleased to see last week 26 representatives sign a letter stressing the importance of these nuclear tax credits and transferability to the President's objective of affordable and reliable energy. So we continue to work with folks in Washington to advocate to help our customers lower their bills through these credits, and we will continue to do that as they work through the process.
Carly Davenport: Great. I appreciate that. And then maybe just as we think about the macro, is there anything that you're seeing or hearing from, in particular, your industrial customer base in terms of activity levels potentially being impacted by a higher degree of economic and policy uncertainty at this point?
Brian Savoy: It's obviously the topic everyone's talking about, Carly, and we're in close communication with our large customers, as we always are. And we've not seen any changes to their production schedules or expectations for 2025, but I would say there's somewhat of a cautionary stance, right, because everybody's waiting for the finalization of where the tariff policies might land and their inputs, reliance on the global supply chain, all factor into that equation. So I would say that today it's no change, no knee-jerk reactions from our customers, but kind of a cautionary stance, and that makes sense given where we are. So we think our 1.5% to 2% load growth for 2025 is intact fully, in the first quarter was evidence that we're right in line with that.
Harry Sideris: We also see the potential, Carly, for some of our customers to increase production because the tariffs actually help their business. Think about steel producers and those type of folks. We're in contact with some of those customers as well.
Carly Davenport: That's great. Very clear. Thanks so much for the time.
Harry Sideris: Thank you.
Operator: We currently have no further questions, so I'd like to hand back to Harry Sideris for some closing remarks.
Harry Sideris: All right. Thank you, everyone, and thank you for your investment in Duke Energy. Our IR team is standing by if you have any further questions during the day, and I hope everybody has a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you very much for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-13 10:00:00) =====
Elliot: Hello, and welcome to the Duke Energy Fourth Quarter and Year End 2024 earnings. My name is Elliot. I'll be your coordinator today. I would now like to hand over to Abby Motsinger, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Abby Motsinger: Thank you, Elliot, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Duke Energy's fourth quarter 2024 earnings review and business update.
Elliot: Leading our call today is Lynn Good.
Abby Motsinger: Chair and CEO. Along with Harry Sideris, President, and Brian Savoy, CFO. Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking information. Actual results may differ from forward-looking statements due to factors disclosed in today's materials and in Duke Energy's SEC filings. The appendix of today's presentation includes supplemental information along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures. That, let me turn the call over to Lynn. Andy, thank you, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced 2024 adjusted earnings per share of $5.90, finishing within our guidance range. 2024 was a year of great accomplishment, and in many ways, was defined by our response to hurricanes Helene and Milton. We were moved by our community's outpouring of support and appreciation for our work during these historic storms. We also announced updated guidance today, including a 2025 earnings per share range of $6.17 to $6.42, with a midpoint of $6.30. An $83 billion capital plan, which drives 7.7% earnings-based growth. This capital represents infrastructure spending driven by growing jurisdictions and underpinned by robust regulatory processes, such as integrated resource plans and approved grid investments. And finally, the continuation of our 5% to 7% EPS growth rate through 2029 with the potential to earn higher in the range as the years progress. Duke Energy enters the back part of this decade in a position of strength, and we're excited about the future. We're committed to delivering strong earnings and earnings growth and cash flows for our investors and superior service to our customers and communities. Before we get further into 2025 guidance, let me acknowledge our key achievements in 2024. Turning to slide five, we continued our track record of regulatory execution with the approval of $45 billion of rate-based investments. The regulatory work of the last two years minimizes rate case exposure in 2025 and 2026. We also advanced generation and transmission through our integrated resource plans and CPCN approvals. And we continue to add solar in Florida with 1,500 megawatts now in service. And finally, I'd like to acknowledge the Piedmont Natural Gas team. For the third consecutive year, the team earned the J.D. Power number one customer satisfaction ranking for natural gas service in the Southeast. And let me also just take a moment and acknowledge last month's announcement. Effective April 1, Harry will become CEO and President of Duke Energy, and Ted Craver will assume the role of independent chair of the board. Therefore, today will be my last earnings call prior to retirement. It's been an honor to lead this company, and I appreciate everyone who's been on the journey with me. To our employees, thank you for your commitment to our company and customers. To our shareholders, thank you for your investment in Duke Energy. The capital you provide powers our success and makes the work we do possible. And to the analysts who cover our company, you play a valuable role in the investment community, and I've appreciated your thoughtful research. And to Harry, thank you for being an incredible leader and adviser to me. As many of you know, Harry is a 29-year veteran of the company. Experience in nearly every facet of our business, Harry raised his hand for every challenging assignment and has led this company to great success, thanks to his commitment to our investors, our employees, and our customers. With Harry as CEO and a strong experienced leadership team around him, Duke Energy is well positioned to execute the next phase of our business strategy, and I'm confident in all that the company will achieve. So with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Harry.
Harry Sideris: Thank you, Lynn, for your kind words and for your mentorship over many years. Through your leadership, Duke Energy has become an industry-leading fully regulated utility that is ideally positioned for the growth ahead. I'm deeply honored by the confidence the board has placed in me and the outpouring of support I've received from employees, industry leaders, and public officials, as well as from many of you in the investment community. It is hard to imagine a more compelling time to lead Duke Energy. We are passionate about our mission to power the lives of our customers and the vitality of our communities. I look forward to the opportunities ahead with optimism around our strategy, our operating culture, and our team. Turning to Slide six, I assume this new role at a pivotal point for our company and industry. Share the new administration's commitment to ensuring the availability of reliable and affordable energy to meet our country's aspirations for technology leadership and economic growth. These priorities align with our business strategy, and we look forward to working with President Trump, both parties in Congress, and our states to build, operate, and protect the critical infrastructure needed to deliver on these goals. To that end, we are executing our all-of-the-above generation strategy to meet growing demand and replace aging infrastructure. Our diverse mix of new resources includes dispatchable natural gas, which is essential to maintaining reliability and affordability for customers and complements our substantial investments in renewables. In the Carolinas, we have started construction on over two gigawatts of natural gas generation that was approved last year. And we are filing CPCNs for our next round of gas plants in the Carolinas and Indiana this quarter. We've secured turbines and gas supply for each of these sites, expediting our ability to connect megawatts to support economic development growth. With our generation investments accelerating, important grid investments will continue to be a significant portion of our five-year capital plan, ensuring the reliability and resiliency of our system. With 320,000 line miles, we operate the largest transmission and distribution system in the nation. Working with stakeholders across our jurisdictions, we have tailored state-specific multiyear investment plans that strengthen the grid and ensure our ability to connect new large load customers. The path forward is clear as we navigate this decade of record infrastructure build, and we remain focused on delivering value to our shareholders while meeting our customers' energy demands now and into the future. With that, let me turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Savoy: Thanks, Harry, and good morning, everyone. As Lynn mentioned, our full-year adjusted earnings per share of $5.90 was within our 2024 guidance range. For the year, we saw top-line growth from rate cases and riders across our jurisdictions, which was partially offset by the impacts of a historic hurricane season. For additional details on 2024 results, please refer to supporting materials in today's news release. Moving to slide eight. We set our 2025 EPS guidance range at $6.17 to $6.42. The $6.30 midpoint represents around 7% growth over 2024. This trend is a continuation of the 6% annual growth we've delivered since 2022. Within the electric segment, constructive rate case outcomes over the past two years will continue to drive results. In January, we implemented our new multi-year rate plan in Florida and entered year two of our multi-year rate plan in North Carolina. See benefits from the DEC South Carolina rate case and our recently approved Indiana rate case, as well as growth from grid riders in the Midwest and Florida. In addition to rate activity, our plan assumes normal weather and retail sales growth of 1.5% to 2% in 2025. Growth in our gas segment will be driven by the Piedmont, North Carolina rate case, and annual rate mechanisms in South Carolina and Tennessee, as well as customer additions and integrity management investments. Finally, we expect results of the other segment to be driven by higher interest expense and modest share dilution to fund our growing capital plan. Turning to slide nine, beginning in 2027, we see an acceleration in volumes, with annual load growth increasing to 3% to 4% at the enterprise. Our confidence in this forecast is underpinned by significant economic development projects coming online, particularly in the Carolinas, which we see growing at 4% to 5% over the same period. Our economic development pipeline reflects advanced manufacturing projects across multiple sectors, as well as data centers. As a reminder, we take a risk-adjusted approach as we evaluate which projects to include in our forecast. We incorporate just a portion of our total pipeline, focusing on those with letter agreements or in very late-stage development. We then utilize discrete project-level analysis to ensure confidence in when the projects will begin commercial operation and require energy supply. In the near term, we're planning for annual load growth between 1.5% to 2% at the enterprise. Our forecast is supported by strong residential customer growth, improving industrial activity, and the expansion of new and existing businesses across our service territories. Moving to slide ten. Our five-year capital plan is now $83 billion, a 12% increase versus our prior plan. The majority of the increase is driven by generation investments reflected in our plan. These investments ramp up over the five-year period as load accelerates and we replace aging infrastructure. In addition, grid investments represent around 45% of our capital plan as we continue to improve the reliability and resiliency of our system. With our updated capital plan, we now expect roughly 7.7% annual earnings base growth through 2029, a 50 basis point increase from our prior plan. Supporting this growth are efficient recovery mechanisms, which are critical to maintaining a healthy balance sheet, mitigating regulatory lag, and smoothing customer rate impacts. The need for infrastructure to support our growing regions is not limited to this five-year plan. We have a long runway of investment opportunities that extend well into the next decade. Turning to slide eleven, as we have demonstrated over many years, our commitment to our current credit ratings and a strong balance sheet will continue to be a top priority. We are targeting 14% FFO to debt by the end of 2025 and expect to improve above 14% over the five-year plan. Our long-term target provides over 100 basis points of cushion above our Moody's downgrade threshold and over 200 basis points above our S&P downgrade threshold. To support these credit objectives and fund accretive growth, we increased equity funding to $6.5 billion over the next five years. This increase in equity funds approximately 40% of our capital plan. We will continue to use our at-the-market and dividend reinvestment programs to efficiently fund our equity needs. As Harry mentioned, we've delivered many constructive regulatory outcomes over the past two years. These results enable timely recovery of investments and drive considerable improvement in our operating cash flow. In addition, we continue to see a strong market for energy tax credits. In 2024, we efficiently monetized over $500 million of credits that will benefit customers over time. Before we open it up for questions, let me close with slide twelve. With a strong track record of regulatory execution, we begin 2025 with confidence in our plan, and our commitment to the dividend remains unchanged. We understand its importance to our shareholders, and this year marks the 99th consecutive year of paying a quarterly cash dividend. As we look ahead, our robust capital plan, strong customer growth, and constructive jurisdictions position us to deliver 5% to 7% growth through 2029 with the potential to earn higher in the range as load growth accelerates in the back end of the plan. Look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. That, we'll open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. When preparing to ask your question, please ensure your device is unmuted locally. First question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning. Can you hear me?
Harry Sideris: Good morning. Yes. Good morning.
Shar Pourreza: So, obviously, you guys have pretty good visibility now. The CapEx is updated. Financing is updated. You don't have a lot of regulatory uncertainty. Just on the EPS CAGR, Brian, you mentioned this and Lynn mentioned this. Just higher in the range comments in the prepared, are we just basically guiding towards top end of that range? And with the credit metric targets, you know, you have out there, the over 100 bps above Moody's, 100 bps above S&P. Brian, can you just put a bit of a finer point on a specific target range versus the quote-unquote over language you guys have out there? Thanks.
Brian Savoy: Yeah. I'll start with the EPS chart. Thanks for the question. You know, as we look at our plan and see the load growth accelerating in 2027 through 2029, clearly, the opportunity is there to earn the top half of the range, and you're exactly right. That's what we're alluding to. It's based on the economic development pipeline we have that continues to grow by the day and the ability to serve this growing load. So we clearly see the 5% to 7% over the five years in the top half in the back end of the plan. On the credit, you know, we're very pleased. We finished 2024 at 13.9% FFO to debt in spite of the storms that we saw. We were expecting some pressure from the storms. We saw it, but we overcame it because the operating cash flow in our business is accelerating. And that's based on regulatory outcomes that we've experienced over the past couple of years. As we look out in time, we've guided to above 14%, which gives us over 100 basis points like you mentioned above Moody's downgrade threshold and over 200 in S&P. We feel like that's the right target for now, above 14. We will come up with specific guidance as the plan progresses.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Perfect. That's what I was trying to get at. So there will be a point in time when we can be a little bit more specific on the range that you target over the long term. What I was trying to really get to.
Brian Savoy: That's correct.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Great. And then just on the load growth, obviously, everyone is focused on, you know, the incremental load growth opportunities from hyperscalers, etcetera. The DeepSeq can stargate stuff has been out there for a few weeks now. Just any change in tone, Lynn and Harry, from your customers and your conversations as we're thinking about spending needs, speed to market, etcetera? Or is it kind of full speed ahead? No pun intended, though.
Harry Sideris: Yeah. I'll take that with you. Yeah. We feel very confident in our plan that we shared with you. And we have a wealth of opportunities. And our discussions with the hyperscalers, they anticipated efficiency gains, so DeepSeq was not a surprise to them. They're full speed ahead. They're looking at the fact that these efficiencies may actually increase the demand for AI. So we have not seen any pullback in anything they're planning on. In fact, we've seen a lot more discussions with accelerating some of their work. And speed, as you mentioned, is very important to them. And it's something that we pride ourselves on in working innovatively on solutions with them to find ways to bring them on quicker, which is what they want. So we'll continue to work with them, but we're not seeing any pullback. In fact, an acceleration in what they're discussing with us.
Lynn Good: Make sure the only thing I'm helpful. And then, yep. A little delay. Sorry. You know, Harry, you might talk about what we see in the near-term pipeline. There's a lot of the data centers that are really focused on cloud computing.
Harry Sideris: Yeah. That's a good point, Lynn. The near-term data centers that we're having under construction are really associated with cloud computing and expansion there. And then as we move later into the plan, that's where some of the generative AI data centers are coming in, and that's when we see the larger load growth.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. And thanks, guys, so much. And Harry and Lynn, a big congrats on both your phase twos. And Lynn, I know we're gonna miss you a lot. It's been over 20 years of earnings calls, but it's gonna be fun watching you take over the board. So thank you much.
Operator: We now turn to Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Jefferies. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Brian Savoy: Good morning, Julien. There?
Operator: We now move on to Nicholas Campanella with Barclays. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey. Good morning, everyone. And I'll echo Shar's comments. Congrats to Lynn. I counted the earnings calls. It's over 80. So but, yeah, congrats on all of that.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Nicholas Campanella: But, hey. Just in the equity that you outlined for this new plan, you know, if you were to do kind of junior sub or hybrid, or any type of, like, equity content-like instrument, does that change the equity means, or do you just kind of remain do you expect it to kind of remain constant through the plan?
Brian Savoy: You know, Nick, I would just frame the equity a little bit. You know, the equity funding in the context of a company our size is around 1%, 1.5% of the market cap, what we need on an annual basis. And, you know, you would expect us to look for the most cost-effective shareholder-friendly solutions to fund that equity as we look through the plan, and we're planning on using the ATM and the DRIP. But hybrids have continued to be attractive in the market, and you would expect us to look at this and we will.
Nicholas Campanella: Thanks. And, yeah, definitely appreciate in contact with the market cap smaller. So another question just legislation in South Carolina has been a discussion point for many investors, and just curious I assume none of that's kind of your plan at this point. If you can maybe detail how it would impact the plan. You know, are you under-earning in South Carolina? Could legislation in any way change your ability to execute differently on the resource plans you've put out there?
Harry Sideris: Yeah. Yeah. Nick, this is Harry. I'll take that one. You know, we're always pleased to take part in energy policy discussions at our states and South Carolina is no different. This is something that has been going on since last year and is making progress. It's really more tone-setting around support for the dual state system that we operate, regulatory timelines, as well as the all-of-the-above strategy and support for that. So we don't anticipate changes to our plans from the legislation, but it will make the tone in South Carolina stronger for us, and we support that and continue to work with our policymakers on that front.
Nicholas Campanella: Alright. Thanks a lot. See you soon.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: We now turn to David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
David Arcaro: Oh, hey. Thanks. Good morning. And, Lynn, best wishes with your upcoming retirement. And congratulations, Harry.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
David Arcaro: Let me see. You know, hey, Brian. Just to put you on the spot, we're gonna see like, is the top end possible in 2027? Specifically? Or how are you thinking about it? Just do it within the specifics of the five-year plan here?
Brian Savoy: You know, David, we're not gonna get that specific on the day, but we do see load growth stepping up in 2027 and that's in our slides and that's when a lot of these economic development projects that are under construction now will start taking energy and will start serving them. So, you know, that's the year where we do see this kind of ratcheting and up of growth on the top line, and it does present the opportunity.
David Arcaro: Yeah. Okay. Great. Now that's helpful. I appreciate you're not getting overly precise here with it. But and then could you speak to just how much of a pipeline of data center activity that you're kind of seeing and working on in the background? It sounds like a lot of the growth is even beyond data centers. That you're seeing crystallized in the state, which is great to see. And just curious just the quantum of data center activity that's back there on pipeline.
Harry Sideris: Yeah, David. We have a wealth of opportunity and not just data centers, but total economic development. We have advanced manufacturing, pharmaceuticals, a very diverse pipeline. Our near-term pipeline in advanced stage pipeline is over seven gigawatts. And our broader pipeline is at least double that and continues to grow. As Brian mentioned, we take a risk-based approach in what we put in our load forecast because we know these loads can move around and the timing of them. So we're really putting in the load forecast items that are either turning dirt or have letter agreements or near letter agreements. And we continue to work with the ones in the pipeline to bring them forward and get them in the load forecast. So we feel very strongly about our positioning for economic development and future growth, not just in data centers, but in other economic development projects.
David Arcaro: Yep. Excellent. Now that's helpful. I appreciate the color. And I was just you know, is it possible that there could be even more you know, upside, I guess, based on the pace of the development that you're seeing in your service territory. I know you've put, obviously, a lot of thought into this updated load growth. And, of course, probability weighted it here. But in terms of the pace of or the rate of change that you're seeing, is there potential for further upside? Overtime.
Harry Sideris: David, we're definitely confident in the plan that we shared with you, and we continue to work to bring as much additional load that we can and we focus on making sure that we can serve that load reliably and affordably. Like I mentioned earlier, the speed is important. So how can we speed this up? We continue to have those discussions with the hyperscalers as well as the advanced manufacturing and other economic development folks.
Lynn Good: David, I would say as we look at the pipeline over the last year, it has continued to increase. And if we look out to 2029, for example, 50% of the pipeline is now data centers. I do think the hard work of the team and bringing customers to our service territory will not stop and we'll keep you updated along the way on how that translates into growth.
David Arcaro: Okay. Great. Very helpful. Thanks so much for the color.
Harry Sideris: Thank you.
Operator: We now return to Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Jefferies. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. Good morning, team. Can you guys revisit that?
David Arcaro: Good morning. Hey.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Awesome. Hey. Good morning. Congratulations to both of you guys. Nicely done and Lynn. All the best. It's been a pleasure over the year. Thank you. Indeed. Thank you. Bye.
David Arcaro: As I said. Absolutely. Look. Maybe just shifting the conversation focus slightly. Can we talk a little bit about cost savings? Just the ability to drive more efficiencies out of the organization. It seems like a potential meaningful year ahead here as you think about the opportunity. Again, maybe a question more for Harry if anyone. How do you think about the scale of what you deliver here, especially against the backdrop of what seems like a reinflationary cycle from a variety of different factors and how that makes you guys relatively competitive. I appreciate your rates remain competitive against a number of different peers and metrics. But how do you think about that contributing to the backdrop of economic development in that 3% to 4% as well?
Brian Savoy: Hey, Julien. It's Brian. I'm gonna start and Harry's gonna come back and add some additional color. But, you know, we've been a cost leader in the industry. And over the past many years, leveraging technology, including AI, process improvement, and our scale to drive our costs to where they are, and you're recognizing that, and thank you for that. I will say as our asset base grows to serve a larger customer base, O&M is gonna increase. We will continue our continuous improvements efforts to keep those increases much smaller than the additional customers we're serving or the revenue that comes with them. But over the time, as we add increase our assets, you do see some slight increase in O&M and I suspect that your whole industry is gonna see it. And we don't believe our position as a cost leader is gonna change. And we're gonna manage this very tightly. But, you know, the long-term planning assumption we have is around the 1% CAGR on O&M growth, and that's, again, much less than the assets and customers we're adding.
Harry Sideris: And I would add, Julien, we have a strong continuous improvement culture. It's really in our DNA to find better ways to do things each and every day. Then our size and scale helps us negotiate better deals with our supply chain partners, as well as a lot of improvement that we made using technology on our planning to make sure that we have long-term plans and locked up resources and materials to implement our growth strategy. So that helps us manage our costs. And we're taking a programmatic approach to some of the generation build that we're doing. That's really saving us a lot of money and really allowing us to have definitive ways to implement this in an efficient and dependable manner. So we'll continue to do that. Brian mentioned technology, and we talk about AI a lot of times on the load side. But that's another opportunity for us to continue to leverage those tools to make us more efficient in the future. Awesome. Alright. Excellent.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then if yeah. I thought we're gonna talk a little bit more about the consolidation within the utilities here. If I could maybe press you guys a little bit further on that, but related if I can, I'd also love to hear a little bit about customer deposits and how you think about that impacting rate base and, you know, starting point and cumulative rate base. Certainly, we've seen that with some of your peers of late. As load is ramping. Is that a factor here that we should be thinking about, especially as you say think about the relative increase in rate base versus the CapEx?
Lynn Good: Hey, Julien. Let me jump in. You may be talking about some of the creative tariff structures for the large load. And I would think of that as being a little bit of noise for us given the scale of the company. So the rate base numbers that we're sharing with you have a high degree of confidence in the amount of capital that's actually gonna be deployed in our rate structure. And I think the team has done an extraordinary job developing creative tariff structures to attract large load in a way that protects our residential customers, our low-income customers, but also makes our state attractive for economic development.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Awesome. Yeah. I was thinking the 7.7% CAGR versus the 7.2% that you guys had previously. I would have thought maybe the translation of the, you know, from the between the $84 billion and $73 billion would have been a little bit higher is what I was getting at. Earlier if there were any offsets with it between the CapEx to rate-based translation.
Lynn Good: I think we can go through more. No. Take it offline. But yeah, Julien, I would say to you, 12% rate base growth is incredibly strong. And is a great underpinning of what we see all that capital has been put through our regulatory processes. We have integrated resource plans in place, etcetera. And I would say to you that if I were to call the operators around the table, they'd like even more capital. Because the opportunities that we see to invest in our business are just really strong. So we'll keep going. And delivering the returns that go with it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Alright, guys. Thank you very much. Best of luck again.
Lynn Good: Thank you. Elliot, are you still there?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, sorry for the technical difficulties. We'll now turn to Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning.
Lynn Good: Morning. Morning.
Jeremy Tonet: Lynn, best of luck going forward. Harry, congratulations.
Harry Sideris: Thank you.
Jeremy Tonet: Which we just wondering if you could dig in a little bit more, I guess, on what you're seeing economic activity clearly in the Carolinas, a lot of good things happening there, but we've heard other care utilities talk about, you know, improvements in the Midwest as well. And just wondering if you could touch on what you see in those areas in your footprint.
Harry Sideris: Yeah, Jeremy. I'll take that. In Indiana, we're seeing strong growth as well. The main focus that we've seen in our territories around advanced manufacturing and facilities manufacturing facilities expanding. We do have some data centers coming into the pipeline there, but not to the level that others are seeing in Indiana. That we're seeing in the Carolinas, but we continue to have discussions with them and have plans to bring as much economic development into Indiana as we can. It's a very constructive state. They do a great job of attracting industries. And have a very business-friendly environment, and we work side by side with them to advance that.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thank you for that. And just wondering with the change in administration in DC, if that impacts, I guess, your thought process at all granted you're making very long-term decisions and four-year terms aren't ways to really run the ship. But just curious if there's anything out of DC, you know, particularly as it relates to, I guess, NewQ at this point. Seems like there's some maybe improving momentum with regards to mutual initiatives across the country.
Lynn Good: Jeremy, thanks for that question. And I would say that, you know, as we think about the strategy of Duke Energy, it is a strategy that has been built to really serve customers for decades. And as we look at this particular administration, we have shared aspirations with our federal administration, but frankly with our states as well. To ensure that we keep delivering reliable power at low cost and that we deploy generation and embrace this growth and economic development that our states are seeing in a way that demonstrates, you know, good speed to meet what the market requires, but also does it in a way that continues to underpin economic growth going forward. So that framework and that strategy that we're pursuing, we think, is a strong underpinning both at the federal level and the state level. And if I were to talk about nuclear in particular, we've been we're a strong nuclear operator. We are pursuing how nuclear can be a part of our all-of-the-above strategies as we get into the 2030s and beyond. You likely saw that we joined a consortium with TVA and others around a DOE grant. We think continuing to learn more on these technologies is important so that when we're ready to deploy, we have a high degree of confidence that there is a supply chain and engineering design constructors ready to go so that we can produce and operate these new technologies in a way that makes sense for customers. So we are deeply engaged in the state level and the federal level, and a lot of opportunity to support growth across the US.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Anthony Crowdell: Good morning. Congrats, Lynn. Congrats, Harry. Unfortunately, my question is for Brian, so you guys have a little break here.
Brian Savoy: It may be the same question. I guess one is in and I wanna part you know, I'm not looking to hold you down. I know you addressed a little bit with Shar. On slide eleven, you talk about FFO to debt to improve above 14% over the five-year plan. What's a reasonable cushion to assume that that like, you would improve by. And the second question is more so as you've talked about in the back end of the plan, you tend you expect to be towards the high end of the 5% to 7% earnings growth. How do you think about the income statement you know, maybe we raise the earnings growth rate or we work on improving the balance sheet maybe to the upgrade trigger. I and it may be the same question, so I'll leave it there.
Brian Savoy: Thanks, Anthony. And you know, as we think about our FFO to debt and the size of and scale of Duke Energy, I firmly believe 100 basis points of cushion from the Moody's downgrade threshold gives us flexibility to execute our plans with confidence and to deal with uncertainties that come our way. And we've proven that over the past several years. The rating agencies have been tremendously positive towards us, and the regulatory outcomes that we've been able to work with our regulators on have provided that operating cash flow that the rating agencies are looking for and that consistency of top-line revenues that support a credit profile of ours. So I would start with that. So, you know, the 14% is a solid number for Duke Energy given the size and scale and diversity we have and the rating agencies have been very supportive of us. Every step of the way. As we look through time, operating cash flow does accelerate. We're making more investment. Those investments are turning into top-line revenues. And we see the 14% improving. Again, I'm gonna provide more details as the plan progresses, but we feel very good that where we sit and how we see the five years playing out in front of us. And, you know, on the earnings question, I would just say that load growth in 2027, 2028, 2029 is a step change for us. It moves up from the 1.5% to 2% we're seeing in 2025 and 2026 to a 3% to 4% across the enterprise. And that's a substantial step up and it gives us clearly the opportunity to earn in the top half.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks so much for taking the questions.
Brian Savoy: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question today comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, team. Good morning. Thank you for giving me time and and called you know, the congratulations for Lynn and Harry. The best to you both. Thank you. Hey. Just suddenly, Brian, sorry. I'll apologize in advance because this is an annoying question. But when I think about 2025 guidance and I compare it to the 2024 original guidance midpoint, it's a 5% EPS growth. And, obviously, the 2025 guidance was lowered because of hurricane and one-time stuff. I'm just wondering, are you being conservative as it relates to 2026? Or are there other headwinds like interest rates, that is causing you to be at the low end versus the original 2025? Any color you could share there?
Brian Savoy: And, Durgesh, I would start with the $6.30 is firmly within our 5% to 7%. As we've looked at our plan, we feel like it is the right level for us. But you'll see one item I'd point to in our electric walk-up. On the earnings. We have O&M increasing. And that is due to two things. One, we had resources focused on the storm from the second half of the year. Right? So we didn't do some grid projects or some generation outages that we had planned. Those are gonna be caught up in 2025. So we have some shifts in O&M from that. And we also set aside some O&M resources for additional storm costs because we've seen a more frequent set of storms impact our regions. And if you wanted to point to one thing, I would say that's a timing shift that's showing up in 2025 that you might not have had in your model, but other than that, we feel like the $6.30 is right in line with where we need to be we have a high degree of confidence in achieving.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. It's just a little bit of O&M catch-up and timing. That's very helpful. I appreciate that. And then finally, just, you know, shifting gears. Looking at the ROE charts, that you publish annually. Thank you for doing that. The Ohio Kentucky is still considerably below your other subsidiary ROE averages. Just wondering what steps and you have a footnote there, you know, timing of rate case on that. So what steps could you take to kind of get it to 9% plus? Just any thoughts there. Thank you.
Harry Sideris: Yeah. Thank you for that question, Durgesh. Yeah. We continually look and work in ways with rate cases and other mechanisms on our riders to improve that. And we will continue to focus on that working with our commissioners in the future.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Be Here you go. Go ahead then. The only thing I would add is there can be some variability in ROE from year to year as we think about whether it's an outage or we think about other activities that may be going on. I would ask you to evaluate those returns over a longer-term period. And our objective is to earn it or allow rate of return by aggressively pursuing rate cases and cost reductions in a way that position the utilities for success.
Durgesh Chopra: True. Okay. Yep. Yep. Absolutely. Thank you. Thanks again for the time.
Harry Sideris: Thank you. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our Q&A. I'll now hand back to Lynn Good for any final remarks.
Lynn Good: Well, thank you all. Appreciate the sentiments of congratulations for Harry and for me. But most of all, I appreciate your investment in Duke Energy. We feel like we presented a strong long-term case for growth, for cash flows, and delivering returns for all of you and look forward to continuing that conversation. So thanks again for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this call is now concluded. We'd like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-07 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, everyone, and welcome to the Duke Energy Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. My name is Felicia and I'll be your operator today. Following today's presentation, there will be a Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand you over to your host today, Abby Motsinger, Vice President of Investor Relations at Duke Energy. Abby, please go ahead.
Abby Motsinger: Thank you, Felicia, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Duke Energy's third quarter 2024 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chair and CEO along with Harry Sideris, President, and Brian Savoy, CFO. Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking information. Actual results may differ from forward-looking statements due to factors disclosed in today's materials and in Duke Energy's SEC filings. The appendix of today's presentation includes supplemental information along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures. With that, let me turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Abby, thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before I get into the third quarter results, I wanted to take a moment and recognize the extraordinary hurricane season that we've responded to this year. We've had three consecutive hurricanes: Debby, Helene, and Milton, each of which devastated parts of our communities. And my heart goes out to all of those who are directly impacted by these catastrophic storms, especially those who lost loved ones, homes, or businesses. Harry will provide further details on our restoration efforts in a moment and Brian will share cost estimates and plans for cost recovery later in the call. But I want to first commend our employees and utility partners, many of whom were personally affected by the devastation, for their remarkable response. Our field teams rose to the challenge working around the clock to restore outages as safely and quickly as possible. And our customer care representatives, corporate responders, community relations managers and state President offices worked tirelessly to keep customers and policymakers informed. I'd also like to thank our state and local leaders, including Governor Cooper, Governor DeSantis and Governor McMaster and officials in our emergency operation centers for their partnership and coordination. I could not be more proud of our teammates and our partners for their unwavering commitment to our customers and communities. It's important to note that our regulators and policymakers recognize the extraordinary efforts of our company in responding to these events and the feedback we have received has been overwhelmingly positive. We recognize that our work is not done. It will take time for some of our communities to get back on their feet and we'll be with them every step of the way. Turning to quarterly results on Slide 5. Today, we announced adjusted earnings per share of $1.62 for the third quarter compared to $1.94 last year. Brian will discuss the results in more detail, but I wanted to highlight a few things influencing this comparison. As you know, 2023 was impacted by historically weak weather early in the year and mitigation in the second half of the year. Significant mitigation efforts positively impacted third-quarter 2023 results. Third quarter of 2024 includes the full impact of Hurricane Debby and the mobilization of resources for Hurricane Helene. Helene and Milton will impact the fourth quarter. And for both storms, we're working with preliminary cost estimates which we will finalize by year-end. Hurricane costs are largely deferred or capitalized. However, there are a few exceptions and there's no recovery mechanism for lost revenues. As a result and based on what we know today, we are reaffirming our 2024 guidance range, trending to the lower half. We are actively pursuing mitigation measures, some of which will naturally occur because of the resources devoted to the storms and others we will trigger through controlled spending through the balance of the year. And we will look for every opportunity without compromising on our commitment to safety and to our customers. As we look ahead to 2025 and beyond, we have strong momentum driven by our track record of constructive regulatory outcomes, including our recent IRP approvals in the Carolinas, as well as our robust growth in our attractive jurisdictions. These tailwinds give us confidence in our long-term outlook and we are reaffirming our 5% to 7% EPS growth rate through 2028, up the midpoint of our 2024 range. And with that, I'll hand the call over to Harry.
Harry Sideris: Thank you, Lynn. Let me begin on Slide 6, with our response to the historic storm season we faced over the last few months. The devastation in parts of our service territories, including my hometown of Asheville, North Carolina was unlike anything we've experienced before. Over the three hurricanes, we assembled more than 20,000 resources from across the U.S. and Canada and restored approximately 5.5 million outages in some of the harshest conditions. In August, Hurricane Debby entered our service territories near the Big Bend region of Florida as a Category 1 storm. The system then made its way north through our Carolina service territories, bringing high winds, heavy rain, and causing outages for 700,000 customers. We were prepared and restored more than 90% of our customers within 24 hours. One month later, Helene, a Category 4 hurricane made landfall on September 26 and impacted every one of our service territories from Florida to Indiana. The storm brought record-breaking rainfall and flooding, created landslides and washed out roads and towns. In total, Helene led to approximately 3.5 million outages, with the hardest hit areas of Western North Carolina, upstate South Carolina, and the barrier Islands of Florida requiring significant infrastructure rebuild. Less than two weeks after Helene, Hurricane Milton, a Category 3 hurricane made landfall near Sarasota, Florida. The storm affected the majority of our customers in the state and led to over 1 million outages. The St. Petersburg and Tampa Bay areas experienced the worst of the storm with rainfall of up to 16 inches and extensive wind damage. We restored nearly 600,000 customers in 48 hours and 95% of all customers within four days. Our success in responding to storms of this magnitude is due to our strategic preparation ahead of the storms near constant communication with customers and stakeholders, and most importantly, the tireless work of our employees and utility partners. Each of our 27,000 Duke Energy employees has a storm role and the response effort is truly all hands on deck. I want to specifically recognize those on the front lines, our crews who work night and day to restore power, no matter how hard. For example, two Duke Energy line workers hiked through miles of difficult terrain to restore power to the Ashville Veterans Hospital following Helene. And this is just one heroic example of hundreds throughout our response. Our team's dedication and commitment, along with close coordination with local, state, and federal agencies allowed us to make progress faster than we expected. Another key to our successful response was the grid-hardening investments we've deployed across the system. Last year alone, we invested more than $4 billion to harden and modernize the grid. This included targeted undergrounding, pole upgrades to steel and concrete in coastal areas, and self-healing technology. These investments helped avoid nearly 550,000 customer outages in saving 7 million hours of total outage time across all three storms. Going forward, we'll continue to invest in these critical infrastructure assets with grid investments accounting for half of our five-year $73 billion capital plan. Turning to Slide 7, I'll share progress on our near and long-term strategic priorities. In the Carolinas, we are pleased to receive constructive approvals on our Carolinas resource plan earlier this month. The North Carolina Utilities Commission issued an order November 1st, accepting our settlement with public staff and other parties in its entirety. And on Monday, the Public Service Commission of South Carolina issued a directive approving our IRP and recommended portfolio. We expect an order by November 26th. These timely commission approvals allow us to advance our near-term investments while maintaining our share commitment to preserving reliability and affordability as we meet our state's growing demand for power. In Indiana, last week, we filed an updated IRP after an extensive stakeholder engagement process. Our preferred scenario is designed to balance reliability of service and customer affordability. Plans for natural gas assets, renewables, and battery storage also add diversity to our generation resources in the state. As in all jurisdictions, there will be a robust review of all planned resource additions. We expect to file a certificate of public convenience and necessity for new and expanded gas generation at Cayuga station in early 2025. Shifting to Florida, in August, the commission approved our settlement agreement with unanimous support. The three-year multi-year rate plan allows for timely recovery of grid, solar, and battery investments. New rates will be effective in January. We also reached a comprehensive settlement in our Piedmont Natural Gas North Carolina rate case in September, resolving all matters in the proceeding. Investments will focus on federal safety regulations, enhancing the customer experience, and providing safe, reliable natural gas service. We expect an order in January of 2025. With these outcomes, we've settled or received approval for approximately $80 billion of rate-based investments across eight rate cases since the start of 2023. We have multi-year rate plans in place in our largest jurisdictions through the end of 2026, which smooth rate impacts to customers and provide line of sight to growth. These outcomes support essential critical infrastructure investments, acknowledge the rising cost of capital through higher ROEs, and allow us to meet our customers' demands for affordable, reliable, and increasingly clean energy now and into the future. With that, let me turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Savoy: Thanks, Harry, and good morning, everyone. As shown on Slide 8, our third quarter reported and adjusted earnings per share were $1.60 and $1.62, respectively. This compares to reported and adjusted earnings per share of $1.59 and $1.94 last year. Within the segments, Electric Utilities and Infrastructure was down $0.09. O&M was higher in the quarter, largely due to unplanned hurricane restoration costs from Debby and Helene. Results were also impacted by lost revenue from storm-related outages and evacuations. As expected, growth from rate increases and riders were partially offset by higher depreciation and interest expense. Moving to Gas Utilities and Infrastructure. Results were down $0.04 compared to last year, mainly due to higher interest expense and depreciation on a growing asset base. And finally, the other segment was down $0.19, primarily due to planned to a planned higher effective tax rate, which reflects tax efficiency efforts realized in 2023. Our 2024 effective tax rate is tracking in line with our full-year guidance of 12% to 14%. Turning to storms, our preliminary total cost estimate for the three hurricanes is between $2.4 billion to $2.9 billion for the year, and we recognized approximately $750 million in the third quarter. Most of these costs will either be deferred for future recovery or relate to capital projects to rebuild portions of the system. We are advancing cost recovery strategies through established mechanisms and have a long track record of constructive outcomes. We're targeting rider recovery in Florida beginning in early 2025 and receipt of securitization proceeds in the Carolinas by the end of next year. Looking ahead to the remainder of 2024, we expect fourth-quarter adjusted EPS to be higher than last year due to growth from rate increases in the electric and gas segments and higher sales volumes. And as Lynn mentioned, we have cost agility initiatives underway to reduce spending, which will drive O&M lower in the fourth quarter compared to last year. We've outlined our fourth-quarter drivers in the appendix of the presentation. With these drivers in mind, we are reaffirming our 2024 guidance range of $585 million to $610 million. Based on what we know today, we are trending to the lower half of the range, primarily due to storm impacts, including restoration costs and lost revenues from record customer outages. Moving to Slide 9. Third quarter weather normal volumes increased 1.1% versus last year, driven by strong commercial volumes and residential customer growth. In the Carolinas, We've added approximately 75,000 residential customers year to date, roughly 10,000 more than the same period last year. And in Florida, We've added nearly 30,000 residential customers, also outpacing last year. We continue to see robust economic development activity and in the past month have signed letter agreements for 2 gigawatts of data centers. These agreements are emblematic of conversations we are having with large customers all around our service territories and represent continued advancement of projects in our pipeline. As a result, we've increased the high end of our 2028 economic development forecast to up to 20,000 gigawatt hours of incremental load. This represents a 2,000 gigawatt hours increase since our second quarter update. As a reminder, we take a risk-adjusted approach as we evaluate which economic development opportunities to include in our forecast. In the near term, we continue to see a slower rebound in certain industrial sectors. We are in frequent dialogue with our largest customers and they continue to signal expectations for a recovery, but the timing has shifted into 2025. Additionally, as with any extreme weather period, third-quarter weather normal volumes likely reflect some impact from the major storms. Overall, we're seeing steady improvement in our rolling 12-month volumes and are trending toward our 2024 load growth target of 2%. And over the long term, we see load growth at the top end of our 1.5% to 2% CAGR through 2028, with annual load growth accelerating in 2027 and 2028 as large economic development projects come online. Turning to Slide 10. We have provided key growth drivers for 2025. We've executed an active regulatory calendar over the past two years that has yielded constructive outcomes and positioned us well as we head into next year. Beginning with the Electric segment, in Florida, we'll implement the new multi-year rate plan with an updated 10.3% ROE in January. In the Carolinas, we'll implement the second year of the North Carolina multi-year rate plans and see a full-year impact from the DEC South Carolina rate case. And in the Midwest, we expect the Indiana rate case to be effective in March. Finally, we'll see retail sales growth from economic development and population migration in addition to increases in rider revenues. In the Gas segment, we'll see growth from the Piedmont North Carolina rate case, integrity management investments and customer additions. We will provide 2025 earnings guidance in February along with updated load growth expectations and our refreshed capital and financing plans. As we signaled, we expect our capital plan to increase as we move further into the energy transition. We also expect capital to increase in the near term as a result of a higher pace of customer additions and refresh cost estimates for generation investments that ramp up in the remainder of the decade. We are well positioned for the opportunities presented by this unprecedented demand growth and we will take a balanced approach to funding the incremental capital, supporting our growth rate and balance sheet strength. Moving to Slide 11. We've made significant progress on credit-supportive initiatives. The constructive regulatory outcomes we've achieved with increasing ROEs and timely recovery of investments have driven considerable improvement in our operating cash flow. And in October, we efficiently monetized nearly $200 million of energy tax credits that will benefit customers over time. We expect additional transactions in the fourth quarter. We've collected over $3 billion of deferred fuel since 2023 and are on track to be at our normal level by year-end. We've also completed over 80% of our planned $500 million equity issuances through the DRIP and ATM programs, having priced $400 million year-to-date. As I mentioned earlier, we will pursue storm cost recovery through established mechanisms in our states, including securitization in the Carolinas and our storm rider in Florida. We expect a temporary credit impact in 2024 and are targeting 14% FFO to debt in 2025, 100 basis points above our Moody's downgrade threshold. In reports issued in October, both Moody's and S&P concurred that the impacts from the storm will not have a long -- any long-term credit implications. As we demonstrated over many years, our commitment to our current credit ratings and our strong balance sheet will continue to be a top priority as we execute our growth objectives. Turning to Slide 12. We operate in constructive growing jurisdictions and the fundamentals of our business remain strong. Our track record of regulatory execution has us well-positioned to achieve our long-term 5% to 7% growth target through 2028, which combined with our attractive dividend yield, provide a compelling risk-adjusted return for shareholders. With that, we will open the line for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Shar Pourreza: Hi, guys, good morning.
Lynn Good: Good morning, Shar.
Harry Sideris: Good morning.
Brian Savoy: Good morning.
Shar Pourreza: Morning, morning. Just on -- let me just start on overall credit. Post storms, you guys are still I guess above your downgrade threshold for '25. Where are you right now and what is the FFO impact from the storms? And then on the tax credit monetization side, it's obviously a key source of FFO for you. You guys have guided to a monetization figure this year around $300 million to $500 million. I think you recognized about $200 million. Do you expect to hit the range and where within the range is the market kind of slower to develop? So just an overall credit question would be great. Thanks.
Lynn Good: Sure. Brian, why don't you take that?
Brian Savoy: Certainly. Good morning, Shar. So on the credit, I mentioned that the storm costs are going to temporarily impact our credit in 2024. And as we recover these costs through established mechanisms in '25 that will be resolved. And as we think about where we're tracking on 2024, I would view us in the high 13s is where we plan on landing and that has some of the financing impacts from $2.5 billion of storm costs that we expect that we incurred in 2024. On the tax credit monetization, we completed $200 million so far and we have contracts in place that we plan on closing in the next month to get to the top half of that range that we signaled earlier this year. So I'd say we're tracking right in line with our expectations. And really all the credit-positive initiatives that we had underway, rate cases going to into effect, fuel recovery, monetizing tax credits, all those are tracking at or above our targets for the year. So we feel really good about where we stand on credit and that's why we have a lot of confidence in our 2025 credit outlook.
Lynn Good: And Shar, the only thing I would add…
Shar Pourreza: Got it, Brian. But just - yes.
Lynn Good: Yes, I was just going to say we've also been in conversation - yes, as you would expect, we've been in conversation with the agencies and they are completely comfortable with the plan. We had demonstrated success, as you know, in collecting storm costs in both Florida and the Carolinas. So as Brian said, we are on track with every element and we'll execute as you would expect us to.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Just, Brian, if the storms didn't happen, where would your metrics be versus the high 13% range you are now?
Brian Savoy: Yes, if storms didn't happen, we'd be at 14%, 14%-plus.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, thanks. And then, I know, obviously, we're heading into the typical bigger update on the year-end call, but just I want to get a sense on sort of the load environment. I mean, you guys are still running the 1.5% to 2% figure, which doesn't really jive with what's been going on around the country. So, a lot of your peers have jumped ahead and revised their load growth figures. They're quantifying the impacts and it's actually hitting their numbers. You did slightly, as you highlighted, uptick the economic development figures. I guess maybe just a little bit of it from a trend perspective, what we should expect from Duke? Are you seeing similar trends as what we're seeing around the jurisdictions and do you expect it to potentially be accretive to your numbers? Thanks.
Brian Savoy: No, Shar, I think it's a great question. And one, we've kept our CAGR of 1.5% to 2% long-term on load growth and signaling we're trending to the top end of that range and we'll update it in February. And we are trending at the top and we expect that range to move as we look to next year, Shar. Because the economic development opportunities are not slowing down and they're very sizable. We mentioned the 2 gigawatts signed in this quarter, that's just an example of many conversations that are going on that shore up our pipeline and expand it. And so you should expect the load growth to go up as we roll the plan forward. And we will bring that up in February with the Folsom update.
Lynn Good: And Shar, I think it's important to…
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Sorry…
Lynn Good: We talked -- yes, we talked CAGR, right? So compound annual growth rate, but as you look at '27 and '28 as depicted on the chart, we are seeing acceleration. And so we'll continue to provide visibility on this. And of course, watch these every step of the way. They also included discounts in them because we're trying to be conservative recognizing that some of these projects can tend to shift to the right. So we're introducing a bit of that as well, and we'll continue to update. So sorry, did you have another…
Shar Pourreza: Got it. So -- no, no, Lynn, there was just a follow-up on what you just said is. So there is some accretive opportunities, I guess, above your current range potentially. Is that kind of the message?
Lynn Good: I think that's right, Shar. And if you look at the chart, you can see it kind of sitting in '27, '28.
Brian Savoy: Yes. I would just add, the projects that we're talking to customers about today will show up in late '27, '28 and ramp up in the balance of the decade. So you're going to see this kind of burst of activity that will be signing contracts that will come to reality in '27, '28, '29, when we see acceleration of load growth.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, perfect. Thank you guys so much. See you in a couple of days.
Brian Savoy: Thank you, Shar.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
James Ward: Hi, guys. You've got James Ward here, instead of Julien.
Lynn Good: Hi, Julien.
James Ward: How are you?
Lynn Good: Good.
James Ward: Hi, you got James here. Hi, Harry. Hi, we're looking forward to seeing you this weekend.
Brian Savoy: Yes.
James Ward: A quick question on FFO to debt. Obviously, when the first hurricane hit, you talked about 10 basis points of impact. Got the negatives there that I think either people will ask about or you've kind of been addressing. I'd like to talk about the tax credit monetizations instead. You monetized $200 million last month in October. You mentioned expecting to monetize more by the end of 2024. How should we think about that potential monetization in terms of the size, the discount that you're seeing, and just for comparability purposes? And how impactful do you think it could be by year-end to FFO to debt? And then as a follow-on, just sort of into next year and that's my question. Thank you.
Brian Savoy: That's very good, Julien. This is Brian. I'll take that. So what we're seeing in the tax credit market, it's deepening. And the discounts that we're being able to realize on our tax credits are very attractive. So think about mid-90s or even slightly above. So I think there's a lot of taxpayers that are looking to reduce their tax bill and they're lining up to get high-quality credits from good credit quality sellers, right? So the -- we did $200 million in the past month and we've geared up our process to close the rest this year and the size that we were targeting coming into the year, Julien, was around $300 million to $500 million. We're trending to the upper part of that range, right? And the market has been growing and deepening, and we've not seen any hesitation by buyers. And what that equates to is about 40 basis points to 60 basis points in the FFO to debt, right? And a big chunk of that is nuclear tax credits and there's also some solar PTCs inside of that figure. And as we look to next year, we'll have more of both, right, more nuclear, more solar. And so you see it being accretive to the FFO for a few years to come.
James Ward: Got you. Then as just a quick follow-up there, should we be assuming for the 40 to 60, I get to the solar in there as well? But for the nuclear PTCs, should we treat them as all being monetized? So whatever the assumption is that we're modeling in for next year and so I get that in 2030 as well. Obviously, you get the reversal and you're not getting that benefit anymore, just the way the math works as you amortize them back to customers. But for the next few years, should it be one-for-one? You get them, monetize them. Is that the right way to think about it? Plus solar or is there another nuance?
Brian Savoy: No, that's the right way to think about it, Julien, yes.
Lynn Good: Hi, Julien, you may recall, we have set forth a pretty creative method of retaining these credits for a period of time and then amortizing them to customers over a four-year period. And so that amortization is very modest in '25 and '26. And then we'll get on a path of amortizing about 25% of them as generated in '28 and forward. So all of that is contemplated in our five-year plan and credit. And it's one of those incredible opportunities that not only strengthens credit, but lowers price of our product to customers in a way that I think is really helpful to our growth plans.
James Ward: Absolutely. Definitely makes sense. And a final point on the amortization. Could you remind us if that -- it's ingrained via the second settlement for sure for DEC, but just for South Carolina and then for DEP, kind of where does that stand in terms of being formalized? I think we're all using that four-year assumption from the initial case and second settlement, but is that -- has that been further made concrete, I guess?
Lynn Good: Yes. And let us provide you with an update on that. But North Carolina is memorialized. In South Carolina, we're deferring the credits for consideration in the future. I think the North Carolina method though is a good planning assumption for the Carolinas and we can get you more details on those specifics, Julien, if that would be helpful.
James Ward: Yes, offline. Thank you. Thanks so much. Thank you very much. Really appreciate the color.
Brian Savoy: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Nick Campanella from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Nick Campanella: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions.
Brian Savoy: Good morning, Nick.
Lynn Good: Good morning.
Nick Campanella: It's great to see -- good morning. It's great to see Moody's supportive here and I know that there's been really constructive effort on the ground with local constituents as well and dealing with the storm. I guess, you did preview in your prepared remarks, there's going to be higher capital coming in the near term, Brian. And just wondering how you're thinking about the need to pull forward any equity, if at all. You do seem confident on the year-over-year into '25 as well, but just wanted to check on that. Thanks.
Brian Savoy: Nick, we have $500 million of equity in our capital plan and our financing plan today per year in the five-year plan. And in February, we'll come up with our new capital plan, which I've signaled will be higher. And there'll be some in the near term and some because 2029 is going to be much larger than 2024. We'll have our full financing plan at that point and provide how we're going to fund that plan then. Right now, I would not signal any additional equity.
Lynn Good: What I would suggest, Nick, on…
Nick Campanella: That's great.
Lynn Good: On the equity is we -- yes, as we expand capital, we will finance it in a balanced way. I think we've given a range of 30% to 50% of equity related to new and incremental capital. So I think that's a planning assumption that would be appropriate.
Nick Campanella: That's great. And then something that's come up on earnings call a bit more this season is just new nuclear. And I know that you've had some exploratory frameworks, whether it's for SMR or otherwise announced a few quarters ago. Could you just maybe talk about how you see Duke participating in new nuclear, whether it's kind of large-scale or small-scale into the end of the decade? That'd be helpful. Thanks.
Harry Sideris: Yes, Nick, this is Harry. I'll take that question. We see a lot of promise in SMRs. Our customers and stakeholders are very supportive of it. Our states appreciate the economic development that it provides for the communities that we serve. And recently, some of our large tech companies are showing great interest in new nuclear. At the same time, it's a decision we continue to closely evaluate to make sure that it's in the best interest of our customers and our investors as we move forward. In our current IRP plans that just got approved, both North Carolina and South Carolina approved the early development activities and we will continue to follow their lead as we move forward. But any decision as we move forward, we'll have to address three key items. The first one is the first of the kind risk that exists, really around the maturity of the technology, the supply chain. The second item is cost overrun protection to protect our investors and our customers. And then our third is to make sure that we can protect our balance sheet for making these investments. So we'll continue to work with our commissions as we look forward to making a decision there.
Nick Campanella: Hi, I appreciate it, and I'll see you guys soon. Thank you.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Nick.
Harry Sideris: Thank you.
Operator: Next question we have comes from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hi, good morning, team. Thanks for giving me time. Just, hey, Brian.
Lynn Good: Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra: Hi, good morning, Lynn. Brian, can I just ask you to clarify, what is the earnings impact, the combination of restoration costs and lost revenues from the three hurricanes? What does that impact in 2024?
Brian Savoy: Yes, Durgesh, you could think about it. We plan for storms in a year, but we don't plan for the historic storm season we just experienced in the past two months. And the restoration costs that would lead to the O&M and the P&L, a few cents of that as well as a few cents of lost revenues because we had 5.5 million customers out for multiple days. So that's how I think about it, few cents each on the O&M for the storm costs that were kind of out of bounds with what our normal level would be and the lost revenues.
Lynn Good: And, Durgesh, I would point to, if you look at the drivers for the third quarter, you see us with O&M greater than third quarter of '23. That's largely impacted by storm expense. And then, if we look at the fourth quarter, the majority of -- a large amount of restoration for Helene sits in the fourth quarter as well as Milton, all of Milton. And so the revenue -- expected revenue impact from outage will impact the fourth quarter as well. So when we look at it in total, it's both of these things that are really driving us to be below target in the range. But you should know, as you've seen us do many times, we will do everything we can to mitigate this. And that's the posture that we're assuming here for the fourth quarter and have a high degree of confidence that we will constrain the hurricane impact to 2024. And so our optimism around 2025 and the growth that this company offers to investors remains unchanged.
Durgesh Chopra: That's very helpful. Thank you. And maybe just talking to that growth, Lynn, I mean, I think in the Q2 call and obviously, earlier today you reaffirmed the 5% to 7% on the Q2 call. I just want to be clear. You talked about perhaps getting to the higher end of that 5% to 7% EPS growth at the back end of the plan. Is that still sort of the way you are projecting that growth to trend?
Lynn Good: Durgesh, it's really -- that is a good question and it is really consistent with the conversation we just had with Shar around load growth. So when you look at '27 and '28 and that chart that sort of has a bit of a slope to it and you see us deeper into the energy transition with increasing capital, that's what we're pointing to is the potential we have to get higher in the range. So we're working hard in that direction and believe we've got the potential and the constructive regulatory outcomes that we've been delivering time and time again really underpin our confidence.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. Thank you again for taking my questions.
Operator: Next question comes from Anthony Crowdell from Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Anthony Crowdell: Hi, good morning, Lynn, good morning, Brian, and good morning, Harry. I want to leave you out. Apologies. I guess just quickly, just after Durgesh's question which I think followed up on Shar's question and he talked about maybe at the end of the decade, maybe leaning towards the higher end of the EPS CAGR. Any thoughts with the load growth and also when you look at these historic storms or maybe widening the credit cushion that you guys have and maybe using the load growth and the enhanced earnings growth of making a wider cushion beyond the 150 basis points you're working on now?
Lynn Good: Anthony, it's a good question and something we spend a lot of time thinking about and we'll be working in that direction and thinking also planning for some more contingency around storms and our annual planning will also be a part of that. So as you would expect us to do, we've learned from every one of these events and 2024 will be no exception.
Anthony Crowdell: And just have one follow-up. And I don't know if you've quantified it. Just you're talking about additional maybe mitigation measures for the fourth quarter, has the company quantified what they expect from a normal run rate to a pull out of fourth quarter?
Lynn Good: We haven't quantified something specifically, Anthony, and I want you to know that there's a ton of work going on, but we're only about two weeks past Hurricane Milton. So we're working. And when we talk about our range and the expectation we've set for the full year, that implies that we are going to keep going. And we actually believe that the quantification of the mitigation could put us in a position where O&M is lower than '23. But I don't want to get any more specific than that given where we are in the process.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my questions, and I'll see you guys in Hollywood.
Brian Savoy: Thank you.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Brian Savoy: See you, Anthony.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Please go-ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. This is actually [Aiden Kelly] on for Jeremy. Just wanted to dive into the -- hey, how's it going? Just wanted to dive into the 2 gigawatts of incremental data center growth a bit further. Was this comprised of several large single or multiple customers? And then could you confirm whether Microsoft's land acquisition in North Carolina is embedded in this forecast or maybe incremental here?
Brian Savoy: Ian, it's a good question. The 2 gigawatts right now, this work is confidential, so we're not going to share the customer information. But I will say when we sign letter agreements. What that means is the customer has a site identified and land secured either through options or purchased. And what happens next is that we will negotiate with that customer over the next eight to 10, 12 months on the Energy Service Agreement. And that codifies what the contract will be between us serving that customer and what that customer will pay for its energy. And so you'd expect all these details to come out over the next year. And I mentioned in my prepared remarks, this is emblematic of what we're seeing across the board. We're talking to many customers in this arena and I'm not going to talk specifically about Microsoft's acquisition of land, that was in an article recently. But we're having talks with many customers and they're very serious about citing their data centers in the Carolinas specifically because in the Carolinas over half our energy is carbon-free nuclear. And that's very attractive to the data centers. So we see this as a great opportunity for us and we're seeing it come to reality as we sign agreements like these.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. That's helpful. Thanks. And then maybe just any thoughts on how election results could impact your resource mix and generation portfolio? Maybe specifically regarding coal plant retirements or renewables additions? And then could you talk about any industries that could be impacted in your territory by maybe manufacturing, restoring and give any incremental load growth in your forecast from this?
Lynn Good: I'll take that one, Ian. We're digesting election results and looking at both federal and state, I think congratulating -- I want to extend congratulations to President Trump on his work and really look forward to working with his administration on our task of delivering affordable, reliable power. I think the U.S. economy will be a focus and a priority of his and our industry plays an incredibly important role. So as we look at what we're doing here in the Carolinas and also Indiana and Florida, we are putting infrastructure in place in order to serve economic development and believe there are lots of opportunities to work together. And similarly, with our states, we had two gubernatorial elections, one in Indiana, one in North Carolina. The governors in both states are people we know well who understand the important role that the utility plays in investing in infrastructure and driving growth. And so we're anxious to work with those administrations as well. And, I think our conviction around delivering affordable and reliable energy is something that will resonate in our states and also at the federal level.
Unidentified Analyst: Appreciate the color there. And then just maybe one more, if I could add it in, could you just quantify roughly per year how much in transferability you're seeing?
Brian Savoy: On the energy tax credits, Ian?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, correct.
Brian Savoy: We signaled 40 basis points to 60 basis points of FFO to debt improvement from these tax credit sales in 2024, and that equates to about $300 million to $500 million of monetized tax credits in a year. And so you could think about it in that kind of range for the next several years.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Appreciate all the color there. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Brian Savoy: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Carly Davenport from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
John Miller: Hi, good morning, guys. This is actually John Miller on for Carly. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe to start on the Indiana IRP, can you maybe talk about what's new in that updated filing and then kind of what the total opportunity there looks like now?
Harry Sideris: Yes, I'll take that one, John. We filed our IRP last week in Indiana. We've been working with stakeholders for many months on that plan. It really is transitioning our Cayuga plant to gas, adding storage and solar, really diversifying the fuel supply we have in Indiana and also working through our Gibson facility and what we're going to do there in the future. So very broad stakeholder support for our plans. We will be filing the CPCN at the Cayuga plant at the beginning of next year and expect to be moving forward with the plan in the IRP as we progress into next year.
John Miller: Got it. That's helpful. And then maybe on the Carolinas IRP with the North Carolina order deferring some natural gas to next year for the next resource plan. I guess, one, when in 2025, do you expect to file that resource plan and then how should we think about the size of it? Will it be a smaller filing or could it be similar in size to the outstanding resource plan?
Harry Sideris: So we're very pleased that we got the IRPs approved earlier last week and this week, both in North Carolina and South Carolina, very constructive orders. It really allows us to move forward with our near-term actions that we have in both states. We will be filing updates to those plans next year, but don't anticipate a tremendous difference in what we're planning. We're really focused on those near-term actions in advancing the items that we've put in place there, very constructive work with stakeholders as we move forward. We have our CPCNs for some of the gas generations that we expect to hear back from by the end of the year as well to proceed with those constructions projects at Person County.
John Miller: Got it. That's helpful. Thanks.
Harry Sideris: Yes.
Operator: We have no further questions, so I will hand back the call to Lynn Good for closing remarks.
Lynn Good: Great. Well, thank you all, and we'll see you in a couple of days. Looking forward to the EEI Financial Conference. I want to thank you for your questions and for your investment in Duke Energy. Talk soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-06 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, everyone, and welcome to Duke Energy's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. My name is Felicia, and I'll be your operator today. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand you over to your host, Abby Motsinger, Vice President of Investor Relations at Duke Energy. Please go ahead, Abby.
Abby Motsinger: Thank you, Felicia, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Duke Energy's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Review and Business Update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chair and CEO; along with Harry Sideris, President; and Brian Savoy, CFO. Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking information. Actual results may differ from forward-looking statements due to factors disclosed in today's materials and in Duke Energy's SEC filings. The appendix of today's presentation include supplemental information along with the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures. With that, let me turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Abby, thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin, I'd like to take a moment and recognize the work of our team responding to Hurricane Debby. The storm made landfall in Florida yesterday morning and caused outages for about 330,000 customers. We had crews in position over the weekend, and our teams are working around the clock to restore power. As of this morning, we've restored 90% of our impacted customers. Based on its current track, we expect the storm to impact the Eastern and Central parts of the Carolinas later this week. Along with tropical storm forced winds, the system is bringing heavy rains. We're staging crews and implementing flood mitigation plans to be able to safely and quickly respond to expected customer outages. Now let me turn to our second quarter results and the significant progress we're making across the company. Our simplified fully regulated portfolio of Southeast and Midwestern utilities combined with our strong track record of constructive regulatory outcomes positions us well to deliver long-term value for shareholders. We have clear growth visibility driven by our $73 billion capital plan, which is focused on grid and generation investments to support the growing communities we serve. In a moment, Harry will provide an update on recent regulatory activity and operational highlights from across the business; and later in the call, Brian will walk through detailed financial results and our long-term sales outlook. But let me begin with the results for the quarter. Turning to Slide 5. Today, we announced adjusted earnings per share of $1.18, building on our strong start to the year. These results were $0.27 above last year, driven by growth across our electric utilities and improved weather. We continue to deliver consistent outcomes, carrying positive momentum into the back half of the year. We are reaffirming our 2024 guidance range of $5.85 to $6.10. We are also reaffirming our long-term EPS growth rate of 5% to 7% through 2028 based off of $5.98 midpoint for 2024. With that, I'd like to hand the call over to Harry.
Harry Sideris: Thank you, Lynn. Starting on Slide 6. We have a long history of working with stakeholders to achieve constructive regulatory outcomes that benefit our customers and deliver returns for our shareholders. Since the start of 2023, we've continued to build on this track record with approximately $75 billion of rate base investments approved or settled across 7 rate cases. I'm proud of the teams across the company that contributed to these impressive results. The outcomes support essential critical infrastructure investments acknowledging the rising cost of capital through higher ROEs and allow us to meet our customers' demands for affordable, reliable and increasingly clean energy now and into the future. Just last month, we received a final order in our DEC South Carolina rate case and rates were updated August 1. The order supports our efforts to increase system diversity and reliability and enhance the customer experience. We also filed a comprehensive settlement in our Florida rate case in July. The Florida settlement reflects a 3-year multiyear rate plan with rates effective in January. It focuses on continued grid modernization to serve population growth and harden the system as well as investments in renewables. Hearings are scheduled to begin later this month and an order is expected by the end of the year. Importantly, the outcomes in South Carolina and Florida demonstrate our commitment to affordability and continued focus on finding creative solutions to maintain low rates, including utilizing tax benefits to moderate increases. With solutions like these, we expect customer rates to remain below the national average. Turning to Slide 7. We continue to collaborate with stakeholders across our jurisdictions. In the Carolinas, the IRP process is advancing in both states. Our plans calls for a diverse and increasingly clean energy mix that serves our growing customer base while preserving reliability and affordability. In mid-July, we were pleased to reach a constructive settlement in North Carolina with the Public Staff, Walmart and CCBA. Importantly, the settlement adopts our near-term action plan including renewables and natural gas investments as well as early development activities for long lead time resources. Hearings concluded in North Carolina yesterday and South Carolina hearings will start in mid-September. We expect orders in both states by year-end. CPCN hearings will begin today in North Carolina on our request to construct more than 2 gigawatts of natural gas generation. These advanced class units will be located at existing coal plants slated for retirement, ensuring continued reliability in complementing our significant investments in renewables. We expect CPCN orders from the NCUC by the year-end and pending approvals, construction is planned to start in 2026 with all units operational by 2028. Moving to Florida. We placed 3 new solar facilities in service through June. This keeps us on track to have 1,500 megawatts of solar on the Florida system by the end of the year. Looking ahead, we plan to build 12 solar plants between 2025 and 2027, adding another 900 megawatts of clean energy to the Florida grid. We also have 2 additional rate case hearings this quarter. In Indiana, hearings begin later this month; and in North Carolina, our Piedmont Natural Gas hearing begins in mid-September. Both cases are based on investments we've made to serve our customers and strengthen our system over the last several years. Before I turn it over to Brian, I wanted to commend all our teammates for their unwavering focus on operational excellence, ensuring reliable and affordable energy to our customers every day. As Lynn mentioned, many of our teammates are actively working to restore power to our Florida customers impacted by Hurricane Debby. Restoration efforts are well underway, and we are committed to restoring power to all customers as quickly and safely as possible. In addition to responding to storms, this summer, we experienced extreme heat across our jurisdictions. In fact, the Carolinas reached 2 new record summer peaks in a matter of weeks. Our team showed incredible preparation and collaboration across the company. I'm pleased to share that the grid and fleet performed well and our employees met the needs of our customers and communities during these critical times. With that, let me turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Savoy: Thanks, Harry, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 8. We had a strong second quarter with reported and adjusted earnings per share of $1.13 and $1.18, respectively. This is up from adjusted earnings per share of $0.91 in the second quarter last year. Within the segments, Electric Utilities & Infrastructure was up $0.34. Growth was driven by rate increases in riders, higher sales volumes and warmer-than-normal weather across our service territories, which is a complete reversal of the extremely mild weather in the second quarter of 2023. Partially offsetting these items were higher interest expense and depreciation. Moving to Gas Utilities & Infrastructure. Results were down $0.02 compared to last year as favorable rider revenue was offset by higher interest expense and depreciation. And finally, the Other segment was down $0.05, primarily due to higher interest expense. Turning to Slide 9. I'd like to take a moment to discuss our earnings profile for the remainder of the year. As a reminder, last year had an atypical earnings shape with record mild weather in the first half of the year, which was mitigated with agility measures in the second half. With that in mind, the strong performance we've demonstrated so far this year is aligned with our planning assumptions. I'm incredibly proud for the team for delivering an impressive first half, and we are on track to achieve full year results within our guidance range. Turning to Slide 10. We were pleased to see weather normal volumes increased 1.9% versus last year, in line with our full year projection. Customer growth remains robust, led by the Carolinas and Florida, which grew 2.4% through the first half of the year. We're also encouraged to see improving residential usage across our jurisdictions. Commercial and industrial volumes were up over 1% versus last year, driven by strength in the commercial sector. Commercial sales volumes have exceeded our projections through the first half, offsetting a slower rebound in industrial sales. As economic development projects continue to come online throughout the second half of the year, we expect C&I load growth to accelerate. We operate in some of the most attractive jurisdictions for both the economic development and customer migration, which provide conviction in our 2% load growth forecast in 2024, and 1.5% to 2% load growth CAGR over the 5-year planning horizon. Turning to Slide 11. We are forecasting unprecedented growth in power demand from advanced manufacturing projects across multiple sectors as well as data centers. As we evaluate which economic development opportunities to include in our forecast. It's important to remember that we take a risk-adjusted approach. We utilize discrete project level analysis to evaluate and probability weight potential opportunities, resulting in a subset of projects being included in our current projections. We have a robust pipeline of projects that continue to progress and will be reflected in our plans when the projects mature. This pipeline provides a runway for growth well into the future. We are committed to serving this new load in a way that prioritizes reliability and affordability for all our customers. To that end, we recently executed MoUs with Google, Microsoft, Nucor and Amazon to explore tailored solutions to meet large-scale energy needs and develop rate structures to lower the long-term cost of investing in clean energy technologies. These voluntary programs, which are subject to commission approval, would be open to any large customer and would include protections for nonparticipating customers. We look forward to continued collaboration with all stakeholders as we work to meet the accelerating demand in our service territories. Turning to Slide 12. We recognize the importance of a strong balance sheet as we advance our strategic priorities and fund investments that will be foundational to our growth. We are on track to achieve 14% FFO to debt by the end of this year, which represents 100 basis points of cushion to our Moody's downgrade threshold. Our constructive regulatory outcomes, combined with the collection of remaining deferred fuel balances, monetization of tax credits and programmatic equity issuances, provide clear line of sight to achieving our target. As disclosed in February, we expect to issue $500 million of common equity annually over the 5-year plan via our DRIP and ATM programs. We've completed over half of our $500 million target, having priced $285 million year-to-date. We've also completed approximately 80% of our planned long-term debt issuances for 2024. As we've demonstrated over many years, our commitment to our current credit ratings and a strong balance sheet is unwavering and will continue to be a top priority as we execute our growth objectives. Moving to Slide 13. We remain confident in delivering our 2024 earnings guidance range of $5.85 to $6.10 and growth of 5% to 7% through 2028. We operate in constructive growing jurisdictions and the fundamentals of our business are stronger than ever. We are well positioned to achieve our growth targets, which, combined with our attractive dividend yield, provide a compelling risk-adjusted return for shareholders. With that, we'll open the line for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners.
Constantine Lednev: It's actually Constantine here for Shar. You highlighted the economic development and growth in kind of the geography is obviously favorable for data center activities, but you're still running on that 1.5%, 2% load growth projections. At what point do you feel you can reassess these assumptions? And what could that mean to the capital plan, just can see some out-of-cycle updates kind of going towards the tail end of the year?
Brian Savoy: Thanks, Constantine. It's a great question and 1 that we continue to be encouraged about. So if we dial the clock back, we were -- a year ago, we were projecting 0.5% load growth CAGR over our planning horizon. And then economic development opportunities began to surface and continue to show up, and we moved to 1.5% to 2%. And on a base of sales of over 200,000 gigawatt hours a year at Duke Energy, that 1.5% to 2% CAGR it's quite impressive, and we're very pleased to see that kind of growth. And I would say that with the economic development pipeline we're looking at today, we're trending to the high end of that 1.5% to 2%. And as we look at our plans, we're forecasting to update the full financial plan with the load growth and the capital supported along with the earnings per share outcome from those elements in February, which is our normal cadence. We will definitely keep you updated along the way as the economic development pipeline progresses. But I will say that we continue to be encouraged. And every time we look at our load update, it deepens as far as the load growth outlook. And most of that growth is later in the decade. So it kind of coincides with as we roll the plan to 2029, it will make more sense to show that load growth over time.
Lynn Good: Constantine, this is Lynn. The only thing I would just emphasize that Brian touched upon is we have continued to see economic development growth. I know the chart that we've shared with you is consistent with first quarter, but we are continuing to see growth in that economic development pipeline. And so our thought is that we will provide a comprehensive update both on load and capital in February, but continue to give you a sense of economic development progress over the balance of the year. So the bottom line is we have a wealth of growth opportunities and feel like we're really well positioned to take advantage of them.
Constantine Lednev: Yes. Sounds great. Totally understood. And maybe separately, can maybe get an update on nuclear PTCs from just a timing and monetization perspective, given some of the importance that they play towards our credit metric targets and any other pieces we should be mindful of?
Brian Savoy: Thanks, Constantine, I'll take that as well. This is Brian. On the nuclear PTCs, we were hoping to see guidance by midyear, and that obviously has not transpired. The treasury continues to actively issue guidance on elements of the IRA. We see that week in and week out. And we still expect the formal guidance for the nuclear PTCs by the end of this year. But I will say that we operate 11 very low-cost nuclear plants that have delivered extremely well over the first half of the year. And these plants have earned about $250 million of nuclear PTCs through June. That's recorded in our financial statements. And our plans are to test the market on monetizing these PTCs in the third quarter. So you could expect us to report on that later in the year, but we don't feel like the delay in the guidance from our early expectations will have any impact on our credit in 2024.
Operator: The next question comes from Nick Campanella from Barclays.
Nick Campanella: Good to see the settlement in Florida. I was just wondering on DEI with evidentiary hearing at the end of this month, do you think you can settle that case ahead of those hearings and how should we think about that potential?
Harry Sideris: Thanks for that question, Nick. This is Harry. We're always open to settlement discussions. That hearings later this month as we get closer to that hearing, and we'll continue to look for opportunities to have those discussions. But we also feel very strong about the case that we've put together, strong customer benefits, the investments for the growth in Indiana and the economic development in Indiana. So we feel comfortable either path on a constructive outcome.
Lynn Good: So we'll keep you informed, Nick, obviously we get closer to the hearing. But as Harry indicated, a strong case and anxious to move through this process in Indiana.
Nick Campanella: That's great. We'll be watching it. And then I guess, just when I think about your roll forward, which I know is not until the fourth quarter, just kind of wondering how you're kind of tracking within this kind of 5% to 7% EPS guide path. When I try to kind of conceptualize some of your sensitivities that you laid out on Slide 22, interest rates are down, you did mention some pressure higher on the 1% to 2% load growth assumption and the stock is also up, which helps the accretion of your equity program. Just where are you tracking in the 5% to 7%? And then like what headwinds should we be kind of considering versus what I outlined right there?
Brian Savoy: No, thanks, Nick. This is Brian, again. So as we look through our 5-year plan, we definitely see more tailwinds and headwinds, right? This accelerating load growth that pointed more towards the back end of the plan, clearly provides a tailwind, consistent investment in critical infrastructure across our jurisdictions that are supported and approved by multiyear rate plans or grid riders for multiple years to come provide that transparent growth and a stabilizing interest rate environment. Frankly, those 3 things give us a high degree of confidence in the 5% to 7% at a minimum, extending that, but also presents the opportunity to earn at the top end of that range later in the period. I will say that the things to watch would be an economic downturn, right? That affects any utility. It would affect our communities that we serve and would affect our customer demand. So that's something that we definitely keep our finger on the pulse with our customers, understanding where they are and what pressures they're seeing. But that probably -- Lynn, I don't know if you would add anything to that?
Lynn Good: Nick, I would say we are comfortably positioned within the 5% to 7% and feel like it's strongly positioned when you look at this economic development for a sustained period of given you 5% to 7% through '28. As Brian indicated, we see a lot of growth in that '27-'28 period with the economic development pipeline. So that gives us the opportunity to earn at the higher end of the range. If those projects mature at the pace we expect. And if we continue to add them, which has certainly been our experience here in 2024. So we'll continue to update you every step of the way and are anxious to provide an update in February that will not only capture this economic development we've seen in '24, but also give us a chance to update capital. We've produced a lot of cash flow. The balance sheet is strengthening in 2024 as well. So we're very optimistic about the future.
Operator: The next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Jefferies.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Maybe just following up on this focus on industrial growth. I mean, you guys outlined these MoUs here, can you comment to the expense of which that is incremental versus reflected in that projection on load growth in '27-'28? I imagine it's very substantively excluded. And then how do you think about the remaining time line on reaching this MoU finality, if you will? And how do you think about the risk sharing within that, right? I know you mentioned Nucor here, presumably, there's some sort of ability to leverage an SMR directly with some of these counterparties. How do you think about what that structure would look like for you guys? Just to clarify that ahead of time, on your risk dollars relative to ensuring that there's appropriate risk sharing?
Lynn Good: Julien, thanks. Let me take a shot. I'm sure Harry and Brian will have something to add to it. So as we think about this economic development pipeline over the period that we've shared with you through '28, data centers represent about 25% of that pipeline. But as we get out to 2030 and beyond, that 25% grows. And so we already see a lot of growth in the economic development pipeline for data centers moving into 2030 and beyond. So I would think about this MoU as not only further catalyzing how we might serve customers that are in the pipeline, but our hope also is that those customers will have an interest in expanding in our service territories as we find a way to continue to meet their needs on sustainability, but also bringing resources on. So the discussions are early. I think there's a clear understanding that we are trying to do a couple of things here. We're trying to meet the load. We're trying to meet their sustainability goals, we're trying to do so in a way that protects retail customers, we're trying to meet their time lines. And I would say the discussion is very constructive. And the notion of risk sharing is something that we're very clear on and have lots of experience in talking with customers about. And so I think those -- that element of the discussion is going well as well. So we'll keep you informed as we start to mature some of these agreements into something that's more definitive, there will be disclosure, and we'll continue to update you on the economic development pipeline as we go. So I'll pause there and see if Harry or Brian has anything he'd like to add.
Harry Sideris: I would just add, Julien, the MoU has really amped up the constructiveness of our discussions with these customers and real -- a lot of excitement on their end for these ACE tariffs, the clean energy piece of it. So I think this is going to pay dividends as we work with them closer into the future.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And the idea here being selecting either some kind of SMR offtake or some kind of clean energy offtake that would specifically not impact the customers, just when you think about what the MoU comprises?
Lynn Good: Yes. So Julien, when you talk about nuclear, there are a number of structures that we're talking about. They have an interest, obviously, in carbon-free generation and nuclear represents an around the clock option. But we all recognize we're in the early stages of development. So is there a structure? Is there a premium pricing? Is there some method of equity investment? Is there some structure that would encourage the development at a perhaps a more rapid pace or sooner because of the partnership? So all of that is being explored as we talk with them and we're anxious to continue to develop it. . I think the other thing I would note, which Julien, of course, you're aware of this, this generation plan is moving through the Carolinas. A lot of discussion already on carbon-free generation like the SMRs. We would also expect that every element of the agreements that we would reach with the tech companies or Nucor would also go through a commission process to make sure that they're comfortable with the structure. But they have been very positive on the fact that we're exploring these discussions, because it's a win-win for economic development for bringing clean energy to the states and also for doing so in a way that reflects protection of retail customers.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to dive back in, I guess, on the load trends as you laid out in the prepared remarks and how commercial and industrial are tracking versus expectations here today and just what you're seeing on the ground as far as that trends over the back half of the year there?
Brian Savoy: Yes, Jeremy. So we guided to 2% load growth in 2024, and we're tracking on top of that. The residential growth has been robust. We've added more customers in the first half than in any first half we've looked at in any kind of recent years, about 80,000 retail customers added to our system in the first half of the year, which is putting residential kind of right in line with our 1.5% to 2% growth for 2024. Commercial has been higher than our expectations. And we came into the year thinking a modest growth in commercial, but we've seen much more in the commercial sector. And this is a combination of data center usage, healthcare, universities, just a broad mix of commercial companies that are -- have higher demands and largely supporting this higher population that are in our regions. The industrial sector has not rebounded as fast as we anticipated. We continue to be in dialogue with our industrial customers and they're just taking a cautionary stance. And the fear of recession is out there, you don't want to get overextended. The labor market has been tight. So there's been a challenge to get all the shifts staffed appropriately. So some of our customers have taken the opportunity just to pull back a little bit. They're still signaling a rebound later in '24 or maybe early '25, but we feel like the mix might be a little different, but the growth in '24 is on top or better than our expectations.
Lynn Good: Jeremy, the only thing I would add to that is this industrial rebound kind of pushing into later '24-'25 has also been influenced by interest rates, it's what we're hearing from customers. And it's primarily, what I would call, our legacy industries of textile and paper that are feeling the pressure, and we continue to track with all of that industrial volume we're expecting from economic development that is exactly on track. So it's a little bit of an old industry, new industry story that we're seeing in the Carolinas, in particular, and a little bit in Indiana. But overall, we're tracking to the growth for the year. And as we've said many times, feel bullish on the economic development pipeline.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful there. And then just wanted to go to November here. We have elections coming up, North Carolina has [indiscernible] race and just wondering any thoughts you could share with regards to if different outcomes could impact the IRP or just there's a lot of stakeholder agreement here and so you wouldn't expect too much change?
Lynn Good: Jeremy, no matter what happens in November, our objective is the same, which is to keep serving our customers well with reliable, affordable and increasingly clean energy. We don't expect that election to have an impact on the rulings we would receive in the Carolinas or in Indiana or Piedmont case. And you should know and just reaffirming that we believe a bipartisan approach working on both sides of the aisle for energy policy has served our companies well -- every utility well over time, and that will continue to be our posture as we move into this election. So Harry, would you add anything on IRP progress?
Harry Sideris: Yes. We wrapped up the Carolinas IRP yesterday. In July, we entered into a very constructive settlement with Public Staff and some other intervening parties. And I think that helped speed the process up. It was very efficient. I got to spend some time there last week and the commission was very engaged in providing this energy transition affordably and reliably to our customers, which aligns to what we're doing. So we feel like our plan that we set forth meets the needs of our customers in North Carolina, and we'll work to see an order later this year on that.
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Crowdell from Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Just a couple of questions, I guess. You laid it out nice on Slide 6. Harry went over it on the regulatory execution. I'm just curious -- very impressive there. Just curious, has there been a change in the company's regulatory strategy over maybe the last 5 years, given like how strong the outcomes have been in the last 2 years? Or is just -- it's a great track record, and I'll leave it there.
Lynn Good: Anthony, thank you for appreciating that. When I think about regulatory outcomes, it is an absolutely every day assignment of Duke Energy, because it includes operational excellence that we serve our customers well reliably and affordably. It also includes work in the legislature to make sure that energy policy is clear and that we have an expectation of how to go in the future. It's stakeholder engagement that includes customers, that includes policymakers, that includes community leaders, et cetera. So I think you saw us undergo a bit of an organizational change a few years ago where we put CEOs of the Carolinas and CEOs of Midwest and Florida, Alex and Julie in place to really continue to fine-tune our approach around stakeholder engagement and clarity around roles and responsibilities in the regulatory area. And it's been a long-standing history at Duke Energy, but appreciating this complex and often polarized environment, we think that additional focus has been helpful to us. And we take the responsibility of serving customers well every day very seriously and that's the first job at Duke Energy. And if we do that well, we believe the company will be treated fairly and constructively in the regulatory environment. And we have the deepest respect for those for the oversight of our commissions and policymakers and work hard every day to serve our customers well and to please those that have that awesome responsibility to keep energy policy moving in our states.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then on load growth, I mean, obviously, you guys talk about it and I appreciate the language, Brian, you said of moving it, given the Duke footprint of 1.5% to 2%. Given the load growth in the long-lived asset and planning cycle that's required, does the company believe you'll start seeing more frequent IRP filings that whether on a 2- or 3-year cycle that, that might have to condense given the changes that the system is seeing right now?
Brian Savoy: It's a good question, Anthony. We have a pretty frequent cadence already on IRPs, which in the Carolinas, it's every other year; Florida, every year and a 10-year site plan and then in the Midwest, there's various time horizons that are pretty frequent as well. But I think that what we did like in Carolinas this year, we had an August filing. We updated it in January, because we saw increasing load growth and we felt the commissions need to see this in real-time. So maybe not a full IRP filing each and every year, but we could see more frequent updates as we learn more about load growth over time to plan the appropriate resources, because you do need plenty of lead time to gear up these generation plans and execute them.
Lynn Good: Yes, the only other thing I would add on that notion of updating the IRP is we work very closely with the states on economic development. So it's a partnership between Duke Energy and the economic development engines of each state and so there's a lot of understanding on a part of the state of what's coming and that gives us an opportunity to have on-the-ground discussions about what's needed with transmission and generation and then the IRP, so like the regulatory filings that follow that. So we intend to continue to stay really closely linked with our states as we go forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Carly Davenport from Goldman Sachs.
Carly Davenport: Just wanted to quickly follow up on a couple of the previous comments on the Carolinas IRP. Appreciate all the color on the North Carolina process. I guess just as you look towards the South Carolina piece with hearing starting next month, is there any potential for a settlement there as well?
Lynn Good: Carly, I appreciate that question. I think it's a little early to tell. We're still in the middle of a procedural schedule in South Carolina, where rebuttal testimony is due in a week or so, there's a surrebuttal process that goes on in South Carolina and then hearings occur in mid-September. And as Harry indicated, we believe the plan that we've put forward in both states meet the requirements of the objectives that both states have set out and as we've said many times, our objective is to give both states the opportunity to put their fingerprints on this plan in a way that serves their needs and continues to deliver the benefits of scale that Duke Energy has offered to customers over a long period of time. So we'll keep you informed as we get deeper into the procedural process, but South Carolina is lagging a bit.
Carly Davenport: Got it. Okay. I appreciate that. And then the follow-up was just on the nuclear side. I know you guys made some comments on nuclear before, but could you just refresh us sort of on your latest thoughts on the technology and the timing for new nuclear to potentially have a place in the resource planning process?
Lynn Good: Carly, the SMR is included. Harry, do you want to talk a little bit about how we approached it with the IRP?
Harry Sideris: Yes, absolutely. In North Carolina, we have included that in our near-term action plans for these long lead item projects like SMRs. We have it slated in our IRP to come online 600 megawatts in 2035 at our Belews Creek station. So we're waiting for approval from the commission to move forward with those actions, to continue the development as we work through technology selection as well as other construction needs, but we have a site selected, and we're working through that process. And this IRP filing has all that in there, and the Public Staff and the settlement has agreed to those items.
Lynn Good: And Carly, I would just add, I think you appreciate that Duke has a long-standing nuclear history here in the Carolinas, 11 units. We also have customers in both states that are interested in a sustainable future. We have states who appreciate the economic development that nuclear investment has represented for the communities. So we will work through this in a thoughtful way, but I do believe that continued expansion of nuclear here in the Carolinas could make sense as we get into the 2030s and beyond. And frankly, we're hearing some conversation in Indiana as well on whether nuclear at some point could fit into that program. That, I would say, is probably lagging a little bit on timing, but I think there's a recognition that nuclear could be a part of the future, and we'll manage it in a very disciplined way.
Operator: We have no further questions. So I'll turn the call back to Lynn Good for closing remarks.
Lynn Good: Well, thank you, and thanks, everyone, for your questions today and for your investment in Duke Energy. We're available, Investor Relations and members of the team for questions if there's any follow-up that we can provide and really appreciate the engagement today and appreciate, as I said, your investment in Duke Energy. Thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you all for attending. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-07 11:32:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to Duke Energy First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. My name is Lydia, and I will be your operator today. [Operator Instructions] 
 I'll now hand you over to Abby Motsinger, Vice President of Investor Relations, to begin. 
Abby Motsinger: Thank you, Lydia, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Duke Energy's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Review and Business Update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chair and CEO; along with Harry Sideris, President; and Brian Savoy, CFO. 
 Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking information. Actual results may differ from forward-looking statements due to factors disclosed in today's materials and in Duke Energy's SEC filings. The appendix of today's presentation includes supplemental information along with the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures.  
 With that, let me turn the call over to Lynn. 
Lynn Good: Abby, thank you, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.44, delivering a strong start to the year. These results are $0.24 above last year, driven by growth from rate activity across our jurisdictions, strengthening retail volumes and improved weather. We remain confident in our outlook and are reaffirming our 2024 guidance range of $5.85 to $6.10 and our long-term EPS growth rate of 5% to 7% through 2028. 
 We have a clear path forward as a fully regulated utility operating in some of the most attractive and fastest-growing areas of the country. Our strategy will drive continued growth, underpinned by our 5-year $73 billion capital plan, efficient recovery mechanisms and track record of constructive regulatory outcomes.  
 Moving to Slide 5. Our jurisdictions are experiencing unprecedented growth from population migration and economic development. We're committed to meeting these increasing customer demand through an all-of-the-above strategy that preserves affordability and reliability as we decarbonize. In doing so, 2024 marks an important stage in our fleet transition as we move from the planning phase to project execution.  
 In Florida, we're on track to have 1,500 megawatts of utility-owned solar in service by year-end. And in our recently filed 10-year site plan, we expect to more than triple the amount of solar on our system by 2033. In the Carolinas, we're completing annual solar procurements that will add approximately 1,500 megawatts to the grid each year beginning in 2027. These investments are part of our goal to have 30,000 megawatts of regulated renewables on our system by 2035.  
 In the Carolinas, we filed certificates of Public Convenience and Necessity in March to build more than 2 gigawatts of new, advanced class of natural gas generation. The filings with the NCUC include 2 simple-cycle combustion turbines and 1 combined cycle plant, consistent with the Carolinas resource plan. Pending regulatory approvals, construction is planned to start in 2026 with all units operational by the end of 2028.  
 Each of these new facilities will be sited in existing coal plants and will provide needed dispatchable generation when those units retire. We recognize there's a lot of attention on natural gas in its role in achieving net zero. We believe natural gas must be a part of not just Duke's, but our nation's energy transition strategy in the face of unprecedented demand from AI data centers, chips manufacturers and other economic development, natural gas remains an essential tool to provide reliable and affordable energy for customers and complements our substantial investments in renewables and energy storage.  
 As you know, EPA recently released rules that placed limits on certain baseload generation sources. While the state of this rule will soon be in the hands of the courts, we will continue to advocate for solutions to reliably and affordably serve the growing energy needs of our customers and communities. As we step into this period of significant infrastructure build for the company, we recently appointed Harry Sideris, President of Duke Energy. As President, Harry has responsibility for all of our electric and gas utilities, including all aspects of operations and regulatory activities. 
 Harry is a 28-year company veteran and has an exceptional track record of accomplishment and leadership across many functions. He began his career in generation, led environmental health and safety, served as the President of our Florida utility and most recently led transmission, distribution and customer operations, including economic development. Harry is a trusted member of the executive leadership team and in his new role, he remains committed to delivering value to our customers and our investors. I'm pleased to introduce him for the first time on an earnings call and his new role as President.  
 And with that, Harry, I'll turn it over to you to go through the jurisdictional highlights. 
Harry Sideris: Thank you, Lynn, for the introduction. I'm excited for the new role and look forward to leading our utilities and operations through this important time in our energy transition. Turning to Slide 6. Meeting our customers' expectations requires collaboration with regulators, policymakers and other stakeholders, and we continue to make great progress across our jurisdictions.  
 Starting with South Carolina, Hearings begin May 20 in our Duke Energy Carolinas rate case. Since our last rate case in 2018, our rate base has increased by almost $2 billion, driven by investments to improve reliability and resiliency and meet the growing energy needs of our customers. We expect new rates to be implemented August 1. 
 Shifting to Florida. In April, we filed our next 3-year multiyear rate plan that will begin in 2025. The plan includes grid investments to enhance reliability, decrease outages and shorten restoration times, building on Duke Energy's Florida's best reliability year in over a decade in 2023.  The filing also covers investments to add new solar and battery as well as improve the efficiency of our current generation assets. Even with the requested base rate increases, we expect overall customer bills to decrease in 2025 as fuel under recovery, storm restoration costs and legacy purchase power contracts expire at the end of the year. 
 In Indiana, we filed our first rate case in 4 years in April. Since our last case, we've invested more than $1.6 billion to support the state's growing population and increase the resiliency and security of the grid.  The case includes a forward test year and 2 rate step-ups starting in the first quarter of 2025, smoothing the impact to customers. 
 And finally, Piedmont Natural Gas also filed a rate case in North Carolina in April. The request covers significant infrastructure investments to comply with federal safety regulations, enhance the customer experience and provide safe, reliable natural gas service. As part of the filing, Piedmont is also requesting concurrent rate reductions for pass-through natural gas costs, which will help mitigate the impacts to the customer bill. 
 We plan to implement interim rates November 1 with the final order expected in January. We've made great progress in the first quarter, advancing rate cases and fleet transition projects across our footprint. As we embark on this period of significant infrastructure build, we have confidence that our investment plan will deliver sustainable value to shareholders and 5% to 7% earnings growth.  
 With that, let me turn the call over to Brian. 
Brian Savoy: Thanks, Harry, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 7. Our first quarter reported and adjusted earnings per share were $1.44. This compares to reported and adjusted earnings per share of $1.01 and $1.20 last year. 
 Within the segments, Electric Utilities & Infrastructure was up $0.29 compared to last year. Growth was driven by rate increases, higher volumes and improved weather. Partially offsetting these items were higher interest expense and depreciation on a growing asset base. As a reminder, residential decoupling was in effect for both of our North Carolina utilities this quarter, which moderated the impact of a mild winter in the Carolinas. 
 Moving to Gas Utilities & Infrastructure, results were flat compared to last year. 
 And finally, the Other segment was down $0.05, primarily due to higher interest expense. With a strong start to the year, we're on track to deliver on our 2024 EPS guidance range.  
 Turning to Slide 8. We were pleased to see solid growth in weather-normal volumes this quarter versus last year. Customer growth remains robust in our jurisdictions, led by the Carolinas and Florida, which both grew 2.4%. We're also encouraged to see improving residential usage across our jurisdictions. Commercial and industrial volumes were up over 1% versus last year, driven by strength in the commercial sector. 
 We are closely monitoring economic trends and remain in regular conversations with our largest customers.  Notably, these customers continue to convey expectations for growing power needs in the second half of the year. Combined with new economic development projects coming online, we expect growth to accelerate throughout the year. 
 Turning to Slide 9. The impact of economic development activity in our jurisdictions cannot be overstated. We are gearing up to serve up to 18,000 gigawatt hours of additional load from these projects in 2028. This is up 2,000 gigawatt hours from the projection we just shared in February, demonstrating the strength of our economic development pipeline.  
 As a reminder, we take a risk-adjusted approach to our forecast and generally only include the most mature and committed projects. We've included a few photos that showcased the impressive size and scale of the construction activity underway. Pictured at the top of the slide is a substation that will serve Wolfspeed's $5 billion semiconductor manufacturing facility in North Carolina. The new factory will bring about 1,800 jobs to the state. We've recently energized the initial transformer bank in the substation, and Wolfspeed expects the facility to begin production by early next year.  
 This project and others across many sectors, including batteries, data centers, EVs and pharmaceuticals to name a few, are making tangible progress and will provide meaningful load growth in our service territories. We operate in some of the most attractive jurisdictions for both economic development and customer migration, which underpins our confidence in our 2% volume growth forecast in 2024 and 1.5% to 2% growth rate over the 5-year planning horizon.  
 Turning to Slide 10. We recognize the importance of a strong balance sheet as we execute one of the sector's largest capital programs. We are on track to achieve 14% FFO to debt by the end of this year, which represents 100 basis points of cushion to our Moody's downgrade threshold. The biggest driver of our FFO improvement is the implementation of the North Carolina rate cases, which add nearly $700 million of annual revenues. Combined with the collection of remaining deferred fuel balances, monetization of tax credits and programmatic equity issuances, we have clear line of sight to achieving our target.  
 As disclosed in February, we expect to issue $500 million of common equity annually over the 5-year plan via our DRIP and ATM programs. We're off to a great start, having priced just over $100 million year-to-date. We also completed approximately 65% of our planned, long-term debt issuances for 2024 in the first quarter, which helps to derisk our plan. We've raised $4.6 billion in long-term debt with an average interest rate of 5.19% and an average tenure of 13 years.  
 We've been strategic in our approach, reducing floating rate exposure amid a rising rate environment and further diversifying our investor base with the euro offering in April. As we have demonstrated this quarter and over many years, we are committed to our credit ratings and a strong balance sheet as we execute our growth objectives.  
 Moving to Slide 11. We remain confident in delivering our 2024 earnings guidance range of $5.85 to $6.10 and growth of 5% to 7% through 2028. We operate in constructive, growing jurisdictions, and the fundamentals of our business are stronger than ever. We are well positioned to achieve our growth targets for the year, which combined with our attractive dividend yields provide a compelling risk-adjusted return for shareholders.  
 With that, we'll open the line for your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners. 
Shahriar Pourreza: Obviously, you guys reaffirm that 1.5% to 2% low growth assumptions, but also kind of concurrently kind of increase the economic development activities. I mean, obviously, we've seen several of your peers raise low growth assumptions, kind of levered to that C&I customer backdrop, including large data centers coming into their states. I guess, Lynn, what's the trigger point and timing on when you will maybe reguide around load growth, which to us seems conservative, especially in the Carolinas? And could the opportunities kind of be accretive to your EPS growth guide like we heard from one of your Southeastern peers? 
Brian Savoy: Shar, I'll take that. We continue to be encouraged by the pace of economic development opportunities. I mean every time we do a new load forecast, we see more opportunities. And that's demonstrated by what we showed this morning. We typically update our full financial plan in February, right? And we feel like updating load without updating the CapEx to support the load might be a bit disconnected and not so the full picture. But we do see clearly more tailwinds than headwinds as we look at growth over time. All of this sign is a good -- all of this points to a good sign of long-term EPS growth. 
 I would point to on the EPS side of things, load growth, the capital opportunities for the energy transition. All this gives us a high degree of confidence in our 5% to 7%. And as we look throughout the plan, probably later in the plan, pushes us in the higher end of the range. But it gives us the opportunity if all this transpires. We are taking a very calculated position on our load growth, and we want to be smart about updating the plan prematurely before we put the capital to support the new load. 
Lynn Good: Shar, one thing I might add is just to give you a metric on this, 1,000 gigawatt hours represents 0.1%  increase in our load growth. So we are trending to the higher end of that 1.5% to 2%, and we'll continue to update you during '24, if we see more opportunities materialize. And as Brian said, we'll do a comprehensive update in February. I think the other thing I would note, given the size of our company, I believe the move from about 0.5% load growth to 1.5% to 2% is quite strong, and we're proud of that, and we'll keep going. But I think that metric of 1,000 gigawatt hours being about 0.1% should help you get a sense of how we're moving. 
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Okay. So as we head into February's update. I appreciate that. And then maybe just one more question for Brian. Brian, obviously, you guys have kind of a perpetual preferred, which has a dividend reset coming. I think in September, what's the plan, I guess, to refinance it? What's embedded in your numbers? 
Brian Savoy: No, it's a good question, Shar. And it's clearly in our financing plan to address that perpetual preferred. And we're going to look at all the options available and preserving the balance sheet support that, that product presents as well as what the market is paying for. We saw some deals yesterday that are encouraging, we'll look at those and other tools as we move towards September. But repricing the preferred at the current rates, it doesn't make a whole lot of sense. So we're looking at ways to take that out and use other tools. 
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. Perfect. Fantastic, guys. And Harry, congrats on your first of many earnings calls. Big congrats. 
Harry Sideris: Thanks, Shar. 
Lynn Good: Thank you, Shar. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Arcaro of Morgan Stanley. 
David Arcaro: You could elaborate -- I'm wondering if you -- how you're thinking about the new EPA rules and how that could affect some of your IRPs, just longer-term resource plans that are in flight right now? 
Lynn Good: I'll take that. To your point, we're looking very carefully at the rule, but also looking very carefully at how we meet the growth in our service territory, continue to decarbonize and maintain an eye on affordability and reliability. We have CPCNs in front of North Carolina right now. And those processes will continue over the course of 2024. They're very public. We think that will be a great opportunity to really present the case for how we can meet this load within all of the above strategy. We are also in the process of doing an IRP in Indiana. And we'll reflect the implications of the new rule in that IRP. 
 So I would indicate that we're continuing to study what this might mean. We're a week into it, looking at everything from gas to co-firing to conversions, all with an eye on reliability and affordability and recognizing the meeting of load, addressing an aging coal fleet is a part of the formula that we'll consider. I think litigation is something that's also being looked at across the industry, because there are a number of questions within the rule, and we're evaluating that as well. 
David Arcaro: Got it. And then just following up on the topic of load growth and kind of what CapEx could come from that. Could you maybe elaborate on your thinking there as you do find more economic development opportunities and potential upside to the load growth forecast, what does that mean for your capital plan in terms of could there be further generation, but also maybe on the T&D side, if you could elaborate on how you're thinking about what T&D expansions and upgrades might come out of what we're seeing in longer-term load growth increases? 
Brian Savoy: No, David. This is Brian. I'll take that. It's a really good question and one we evaluate every single day here in Duke Energy. As we find a way to serve our customers in a reliable and affordable way, we know we're going to need more resources, because we're seeing more demand on the system. And it's -- to your point, it's not just generation. It's T&D investments, too. And the teams across the Duke Energy evaluate how we're going to put the loads in the best places as well as when we talk about economic development opportunities, we present customers with the places that have generation capacity and T&D capacity to support them or the modest upgrades that we need. 
 As we look out in time, we see an expanding CapEx profile. We've guided $73 billion for 5 years, but over the 10-year plan, $170 billion to $180 billion. And that contemplates higher resource needs to serve this increasing load. And we're going to do so that drives growth for our investors as well as preserves a strong balance sheet. And I think like I said, to Shar's question, we want to bring all this together in our next financial update as we roll the plan to 2029 that will have a fulsome view of both capital, load demand as well as how we're going to finance all of that. 
Lynn Good: David, the one thing I would add. We've been really successful over the last many years in developing modern regulatory mechanisms for grid investment. And those grid investments are running in every jurisdiction to really prepare for this generation transition, and that will continue. So if you look at our next 5 years, largely reinvestments. And so we'll keep that going at a pace that makes sense.
 And just to emphasize Brian's point, we have such a wealth of opportunity here in both generation and grid investment that we see sustained growth out of our jurisdictions in a very constructive way, delivering returns to shareholders over a long period of time. So we're excited about what this growth potential represents. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore. 
Durgesh Chopra: I just had 2 clarification questions. First, can you remind in North Carolina, if any sort of intertwinings between the CPCN process and your IRPs? And then second, the CPCN ads Will that be incremental to your current CapEx plan? Or is that already incorporated into the current CapEx plan? 
Lynn Good: So Harry, you want to talk about the CPCN and IRP process in the Carolinas. And Durgesh, I'll take the second question, those CPCN investments are in the capital plan. 
Harry Sideris: Yes. So Durgesh, we're in the process of our CIRP (sic) [ IRP ]  proceedings. Well, we expect a hearing in July in North Carolina and in South Carolina in September, and we expect an order later this year in December and November for each of those states. And we proposed 3 different pathways, Path 1, Path 2 and Path 3, with the preferred path being Path. This is showing a 2-gigawatt increase from our supplemental filing in January from our previous filing. We're still focused on making sure that we have an affordable and reliable plan for the customers in North Carolina while meeting our needs for our carbon reductions. The plans still show that we're going to be out of coal by 2035. 
 And it's adding an additional resources, particularly solar and batteries and new gas as well. We've been through some of the hearings and the proceedings will continue this summer, but we feel very comfortable in what we're putting forth to the commissions and look forward to defending our case and talking through it with stakeholders. 
Lynn Good: And Durgesh, on the CPCNs, we would expect the IRP hearings to occur and the CPCN hearings to follow. So the time line that Harry just outlined would have all of this in front of the commission in the second half of this year. And so we'll keep you informed every step of the way. 
Durgesh Chopra: Awesome. Just quickly, Lynn, just though, are the IRPs incremental to the CPCN filings, the gigawatts that you're proposing? I'm thinking the answer is yes. 
Lynn Good: Durgesh, well, the way this works is the IRP is a multiyear view of generation. And it includes renewables and batteries and energy efficiency, demand response, the entire collection of resources necessary to meet load. The CPCN is a process to achieve approval of unique and discrete assets. So these gas plants that are included in the IRP go through a separate proceeding so that we can share cost estimates and the time line for when we would build those assets. So you should think about the filings as complementary. 
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Crowdell from Mizuho. 
Anthony Crowdell: Just I guess if I could -- you talked about earlier of maybe the load growth is more back-end loaded. You guys have updated on the fourth quarter call. And I guess, if I could think of that and maybe how that maybe translates into earnings growth. Is the balance sheet where you'd like it to be? Your target is 14% at the end of '24, you believe you'll be there. And I know the company is already focused on the balance sheet. But as we think maybe earnings potential is stronger in the back end of the plan, would that be an opportunity to give yourself more cushion or you're happy with where you're targeting at the end of '24? 
Brian Savoy: That's a good question, Anthony. And as we've mentioned in the Q4 call, 14% FFO for 2024, 14% plus as we look out in time. So we're not going to stay put at 14%. We're going to continue to improve it over time. And guiding through that, we've got the benefit of the North Carolina rate cases this year. Next year, we'll have the benefit of all the other jurisdictions, Florida, Indiana, Piedmont, South Carolina, all these rate actions are underway that will continue to support top line growth, which also then supports the credit. And as we look out in the plan, I think the potential to earn at the higher end of the range also gives us opportunity to continue to strengthen the balance sheet. So I think we're going to take a balanced approach that provides growth for investors as well as protect a strong balance sheet over time. 
Operator: The next question is from Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs. 
Carly Davenport: Maybe just as you think about your capital plans, both from an investment and the grid perspective and also on new generation. Have you been seeing anything -- any constraints from a supply chain perspective, whether it's in procuring kind of generation kits or transmission equipment that we should be keeping in mind? 
Brian Savoy: Carly, thanks for that question. As we've worked the capital plan and all the supply chain challenges since COVID, it's kind of been issue by issue. I would say a couple of years ago, solar panels was a hot area, and we entered into framework agreements over a long period of time to secure our solar panel needs. We also had transformers last year that was a really hot spot. It's still a tight market, but we now are going through these with the size and scale of Duke Energy and really partnering with OEMs on how we're going to work with them multiple years in a row. 
 And as we look to build generation at scale, we're looking at areas like EPC contractors, turbine manufacturers and other components to support the generation build. And we're going to take a similar approach. But I think what we've learned is that we must partner with 1 or 2 suppliers over multiple years to give them certainty on the revenue side, give us certainty on the components and labor on our side. So it's been a successful model and it's one we want to replicate as we advance the transition. 
Harry Sideris: And I would add, Carly, it is getting better, but we've been able to put some processes in place using our scale and to be able to preplan and preorder to really make sure that we have what we need when we need it to keep our investment plans going. And as we look forward, we're going to continue to do that and partner like Brian mentioned, with our vendors to be able to stay ahead of the curve. But things are getting better, and we're staying ahead of the curve there. 
Carly Davenport: Got it. That's really helpful. And then maybe just a quick follow-up on the balance sheet question. Can you just update us on where you currently stand? And then just relative to the walk that you sort of laid out last quarter, are any of the buckets that bridge the gap of getting to that 14% FFO to debt level changing at all relative to what we saw last quarter? 
Brian Savoy: Carly, we really update the FFO once a year, but we are making progress with the rate cases from North Carolina being the largest single driver of improving FFO year-over-year. Deferred fuel recovery is also on track. Those rates were updated, the last one happened in December for DEP North Carolina. So all the deferred fuel is on track to be fully recovered by the end of this year. We're issuing the equity, the ATM and DRIP. We did $100 million in Q1, and we'll continue that throughout the year to get to $500 million by the end of the year. And lastly, on the second half of the year, we expect to monetize tax credits from the IRA and that's the last component. So we're tracking exactly where we wanted to be at the end of the first quarter and is looking clear in sight. 
Operator: And our next question is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. 
Jeremy Tonet: I just wanted to follow up with the proposed gas additions as you laid out there. Just wondering how you see, I guess, incremental gas flowing into your territories given the difficulties we've seen in building new pipelines in different parts of the country? So just wondering how you think about this at that point? 
Lynn Good: Jeremy, thank you. Making sure that we have adequate supply for any new source of generation is a part of the assignment. And so we have been at work over the course of 2023 and putting in place agreements that we believe will not only continue to strongly support the existing gas in our area, but also allow us to expand. And this is something that is closely monitored by the North Carolina Commission and will be by Indiana as well as we continue diversification there. But we feel like we've got a credible plan in place, and it will be executed over the number of years, fully recognizing that it takes a lot of work with stakeholders to not only build the generation, but working with our partners who are putting pipeline infrastructure in place to make sure that the stakeholder concerns and needs are being met and so we're confident we've got a plan in place we can execute. 
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. And then -- maybe just diving into load growth expectations. Just wondering if we could go a little bit further, I think, in the quarter, commercial was up 3.5%, industrials were down 2.5%. If you could touch based on that as well as, I guess, what specific things you see materializing over the balance of the year to accelerate the growth as you talk about a back half of '24 increase? 
Brian Savoy: Jeremy, it's a good item to talk through. And on the commercial growth, we saw strength across our regions in the commercial sector. Data center growth was a key driver in that in the quarter, and we expect that to continue throughout the year. On the industrial side of things, we have some plants that are retooling for new products. So they're off-line in the first quarter. And they signaled to us that, look, this is a temporary thing, and we're going to be changing our lines and by mid-Q2, late Q2, we're coming back on in full. 
 And we're talking to these customers on a frequent basis to ensure we're there to meet their needs when they need it, and they're tracking on our plan. And we kind of expected this trend to continue because we saw this lag in industrial last year, and we thought by mid-2024, we'd see the tide turn. And then lastly, economic development projects that are coming online in 2024. Those were slated for the second half as well, and those are tracking as planned. So we are on track for our 2% growth in 2024, and we'll keep you apprised as we learn more. 
Operator: This concludes the Q&A session. So I'll hand the call back over to Lynn Good for any closing remarks. 
Lynn Good: Thank you, and thanks to all of you. Thanks for your interest in Duke Energy. As always, we're available for follow-on questions, and I appreciate your investment. Thanks for joining today. 
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-08 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello all, and welcome to the Duke Energy Fourth Quarter and End Year 2023 Earnings Call. My name is Lydia, and I'll be your operator today. [Operator Instructions] I'll now hand you over to Abby Motsinger, Vice President of Investor Relations to begin.
Abby Motsinger: Thank you, Lydia, and good morning everyone. Welcome to Duke Energy's Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Review and Business Update. Leading our call today is, Lynn Good, Chair, President and CEO; along with Brian Savoy, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking information. Actual results may differ from forward-looking statements, due to factors disclosed in today's materials and in Duke Energy's SEC filings. The appendix of today's presentation includes supplemental information, along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures. With that, let me turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Abby, thank you, and good morning everyone. Today, we announced 2023 adjusted earnings per share of $5.56, finishing the year within our guidance range and demonstrating once again our ability to exercise agility in managing our business and meeting our commitments. We also announced 2024 guidance of $5.85 to $6.10 with the midpoint of $5.98. This represents 6% growth from our original 2023 guidance and we extended our 5% to 7% EPS growth rate through 2028 off the midpoint of our 2024 range. We entered the year with significant momentum. 2024 marks a fundamental repositioning of our investment proposition. With the commercial renewable sale, we've transformed our business to become a fully regulated utility for the first time in decades. Along with improved regulatory constructs, we're poised to deliver on our simplified 100% regulated growth plan. Our Southeast and Midwest utilities operate in some of the fastest growing and most attractive jurisdictions across the US. We expect growth in our service territories to accelerate, as we move further into the energy transition driving substantial investment. We are now projecting $73 billion in CapEx over the next five years, an $8 billion increase versus our previous plan. Turning to slide 5, 2023 marked another year of outstanding accomplishments across our business, building on our compelling growth story as we move into '24. As I mentioned, we completed our portfolio repositioning and delivered multiple constructive regulatory outcomes, while maintaining our commitment to safety and customers. We executed five rate cases and I'm proud of the constructive results the team has delivered. We received orders approving $45 billion in historic and future rate base investments that will provide growth to customers for years to come. There was also a recognition of the rising cost of capital with improving ROEs and equity ratios. And in North Carolina, we implemented forward-looking multiyear rate plans for the first time ever. The performance-based regulations authorized by HB 951, provides certainty, predictability and value to customers and the company. This milestone was accomplished through years of work with policymaker’s, legislators and other stakeholders. Shifting to operations. Our teams performed well throughout the year, serving our customers in extreme weather conditions and restoring power following historic storms in Indiana and Florida. Providing safe reliable power in all seasons and circumstances remains our mission. In fact, in 2023, Duke Energy Florida had its best reliability performance in more than a decade, largely due to our significant storm protection plan investments. These investments also aided restoration efforts in Hurricane Adalia, saving outage minutes and speeding return to service. In the Carolinas, our nuclear fleet continues to generate safe, reliable carbon-free power, achieving a capacity factor of 96%, the 25th year in a row above 90%. And underpinning all of this in a hallmark of our commitment to operational excellence, 2023 marked our best safety performance in company history, as measured by a total incident case rate of 0.31. Safety is a core value at Duke Energy and I'm proud of our employees' commitment to event-free operations. Finally, the Piedmont team continues to excel in customer service. For the second year in a row, J.D. Power ranked Piedmont number one in residential customer satisfaction for natural gas services in the Southeast. And our Carolinas electric utilities continue to achieve strong results as well, remaining in the top quartile. Moving to Slide 6, we start the year entering the next phase of our energy transition, a period of execution and record infrastructure build to meet the evolving energy needs of our customers and communities. We're working with stakeholders to develop resource plans to support the phenomenal growth in our communities. In the Carolinas, demand is already outpacing the forecast used in our August resource plan filings and we filed supplemental portfolios in January. We're committed to meeting this growth with a diverse and increasingly clean energy mix that includes renewables, natural gas, next-generation nuclear and storage resources, as well as energy efficiency and demand response tools. We're also taking steps to build new generation in North Carolina, we'll file CPCNs for over two gigawatts of new natural gas generation in 2024. We'll continue to advance annual solar procurements targeting one gigawatt per year. And in Indiana we'll file CPCNs for new generation resources around midyear. These new facilities will add to our diverse mix of resources and are critical to meeting growing customer demand as we reliably exit coal by 2035. From a regulatory perspective, we've announced two rate cases in 2024 starting with DEC South Carolina in early January. Since the last case in 2018, we've invested more than $1.5 billion to improve reliability and resiliency and meet the growing energy needs of our more than 650,000 customers. And in Florida, we notified the commission of our intent to file a rate case in April. Similar to our current multiyear rate plan, which runs through 2024, this filing will cover three years of investments beginning in 2025. Our plan will add over 1000 megawatts of new solar and include over $3 billion of grid investments to serve population growth, increased reliability and reduced storm-related outages. Finally since our last rate cases at Duke Energy Indiana and Piedmont North Carolina, we've continued to make investments to strengthen our system and we're evaluating the timing of our next filings in these jurisdictions. In closing, I'll move to Slide 7, which depicts the transition of Duke Energy over the last many years to the premier regulated utility than it is today. The strategic and financial clarity provided by optimizing our portfolio over the last decade has simplified Duke Energy to a powerful, core regulated business operating in vibrant jurisdictions, growing through population migration and strong commercial and industrial economic development. Our growth potential is the highest it's been in decades and is reflected in our $73 billion capital plan. This plan is driven by grid investments to transform the largest T&D system in the US and IRP-related generation investments to support our growing jurisdictions and fleet transition. An efficient recovery mechanisms allow us to translate these investments into customer and investor value. In closing, we have positioned Duke for long-term value creation and our path forward is clear as we navigate the coming decade of record infrastructure build. This pivotal point in our history drives a differentiated low-risk, total return proposition going forward and I'm confident we will deliver. With that let me turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Savoy: Thanks, Lynn and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 8. 2023 marked a year of solid growth for our utilities. We achieved full year adjusted earnings per share of $5.56, which represents about 6% growth over 2022. For the year, we saw top line growth from constructive rate case outcomes, multiyear rate plans and rider growth across our jurisdictions. Additionally, we delivered on our cost and agility efforts, which offset record mild weather, lower volumes and higher interest expense. 2023 was a year full of significant headwinds and I'm proud of the team for executing on our agility plans including strong fourth quarter results to deliver on our financial commitments. Turning to Slide 9. We are introducing our 2024 guidance range of $5.85 to $6.10. The midpoint of $5.98 represents more than 7% growth over 2023. Within electric, we expect normal weather and retail volume growth of roughly 2%. We also entered the year with updated rates for our North Carolina utilities including the benefit of the historic base case, as well as year one of the multiyear rate plans. Additionally, we have updated rates at Duke Energy Kentucky and expect updated rates for DEC South Carolina in August. We'll see growth from year three of the Florida multiyear rate plan currently effect, and we will continue to see growth from grid investment riders in the Midwest and Florida. Partially offsetting these favorable drivers are higher interest expense as well as depreciation and property taxes on a growing asset base. Our gas segment continues to deliver strong growth with investments across all jurisdictions related to integrity management and to serve a growing customer base. Finally, we expect the other segment to be impacted by higher interest expense and a higher effective tax rate. We ended 2023 with an ETR of 10%. Although, we continue to pursue a robust set of tax optimization strategies, we expect our 2024 ETR will increase to between 12% and 14%. Turning to retail electric volumes on slide 10. In 2023, we saw strong residential customer growth in all jurisdictions highlighted by the Carolinas and Florida at 2.1% and 2%, respectively. In fact over the course of 2023 we added 195,000 new customers, the largest customer increase in company history and a continuation of the trend we've seen over the past few years. As a reminder, residential decoupling in North Carolina began in DEP in October and in DEC in January. This will reduce volatility and align growth with positive customer migration trends. We have also seen significant growth in economic development opportunities in our service territories as reflected in the recent supplemental Carolina's resource plan filings. As we evaluate, which projects to include in our financial plan, we recognize that site selection processes are often very competitive. We generally only include the most mature and committed projects, focusing on those with letter agreements or in very late-stage development. This gives us upside potential should additional projects progress. Economic development opportunities in our service territories are diversified across many industries. Semiconductors, EVs, batteries, pharmaceuticals, and data centers to name a few, which will provide growth from the projects themselves, as well as incremental growth from residential and supplier demand. These economic development and customer migration trends give us confidence in our 1.5% to 2% load growth expectation over the forecast period. Turning to slide 11 Duke's proven track record of cost management will support our ability to execute an energy transition that is rooted in discipline and a commitment to safety for our employees and reliability and affordability for our customers. As I mentioned before, we delivered on our significant O&M and agility targets for 2023 in response to macroeconomic headwinds and unfavorable weather. In 2024, we expect O&M to be largely flat to 2023, offsetting inflationary pressures with sustainable efficiencies and we will continue to target a flat cost structure over the five-year plan. Duke Energy is a leader in the industry when it comes to cost efficiency driven by our culture of continuous improvement. We consistently rank in the top quartile across a variety of O&M measures and our ability to manage our cost structure creates significant value for our customers and shareholders. Turning to slide 12. I'd like to provide an overview of our five-year $73 billion capital plan which has increased $8 billion over our previous plan. About half of the incremental capital is a result of rolling the plan forward a year to include 2028. The update reflects an early estimate of the supplemental Carolinas resource plan filed in January, as well as improved spend in the North Carolina multiyear rate plans. Over time our capital plan has steadily increased as we move further into the clean energy transition, supporting a 7.2% earnings base CAGR through 2028. Grid investments represent 50% of our five-year capital plan and will improve the reliability and resiliency of our system. Significant generation spend ramps up in the latter part of the plan as we add more renewables and storage assets. Extend the life of our carbon-free nuclear fleet and make prudent investments in cleaner natural gas to better serve our growing customer base. Looking ahead, about 90% of the electric investments in our capital plan are eligible for efficient recovery mechanisms, which is critical to maintaining a strong balance sheet, mitigating regulatory lag and smoothing customer rate impacts. Moving to slide 13. Our ability to execute our robust capital program is underpinned by a healthy balance sheet and we remain committed to our current credit ratings. With that in mind, we are introducing modest equity to fund the increase in capital plan we announced today. We expect to raise $500 million annually over the five-year plan starting in 2024, using at the market and dividend reinvestment programs. Turning to FFO to debt. We have provided a walk up, showing the path to achieve our 14% target by the end of '24. Compared to 2023, we expect improvements from normal weather, rate case activity, the collection of remaining deferred fuel balances, the monetization of nuclear PTCs and equity issuances under the DRIP and ATM programs. These credit supportive drivers give us confidence in achieving 14% FFO to debt in 2024 and a minimum of 14% over the long term. Let me talk a bit more about the nuclear PTC, an important element of the inflation Reduction Act that will provide substantial savings to our customers over time. As an operator of 11 low-cost nuclear units in the Carolinas, we expect to qualify for several hundred million dollars per year of nuclear PTCs beginning in '24. We intend to monetize the credits in the transferability markets established by the IRA. In North Carolina, we worked with the public staff on a settlement regarding the treatment of nuclear PTCs that was approved in our DEC rate case order last year. We will flow back the benefits to customers over a four-year amortization period. This treatment allows customers to benefit from bill reductions over time and is supportive of the utility's credit metrics. Moving to slide 14, our robust capital plan, strong customer growth and constructive jurisdictions provide a compelling growth story. And our commitment to the dividend remains unchanged. We understand its importance to our shareholders and 2024 marks the 98th consecutive year of paying a quarterly cash dividend. We intend to keep growing our dividend, balancing the payout ratio with the need to fund our capital plan. Over the next five years, we anticipate a steady decline in the payout ratio and we are adjusting our target payout ratio to 60% to 70% from 65% to 75%. This updated range provides additional financial flexibility, minimizes external equity needs over time and is more consistent with the company investing in our current pace. As always, dividends will be subject to approval by the Board of Directors. In closing, 2023 was a year of execution and we have tremendous momentum as we head into 2024. The fundamentals of our business are stronger than ever, giving us confidence in our ability to deliver sustainable value and 5% to 7% growth through 2028. With that, we'll open the line for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hey guys. Good morning.
Lynn Good: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning. Just on the CapEx expectations, the $8 billion increase reflects, obviously an early estimate of the Carolina IRP filing at the end of March. Can you just maybe elaborate on, what you mean by early? So what scenario is embedded? Is there room for upside? And then to what extent does the plan include IRPs you'll be filing this year in Indiana and Kentucky? Thanks.
Lynn Good: Shar, thank you. An early estimate would say, we've begun to contemplate what the January IRP includes and I think, you've seen us demonstrate that we've not only seen an increase in megawatts, but frankly we've seen an increase in price for certain of the resources that we're adding. But we believe that capital plan is subject to continued refinement, not only as we move through regulatory process in the Carolinas, but we will introduce more around Indiana. We have a 10-year site plan that we're filing in Florida this year. So, refinement will continue with the capital plan. But what I would leave you with Shar is, we have a wealth of opportunities. I mean there is growth that is strong throughout all of our service territories and we'll be making along with our regulators the decisions on reliability, affordability, increasingly clean, as we move through these IRPs, so just a really strong growth story for Duke.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Okay. So more to come. And then just, Lynn, on the nuclear PTC, it's a material driver of that FFO. I guess -- what are you seeing in sort of that transferability market from a demand perspective, what discounts are you seeing? And then like we're getting questions on this all morning is like how do you price in the risk of an IRA repeal and in the worst-case scenario, can you make up that lost FFO?
Lynn Good: Yeah. So, a couple of things. On the transferability market, Shar, we have begun to test that market. We had a pilot transferability transaction in 2023. The discount on the transferability was right within our planning range. So very strong response to that initial test, and the treasury group and team are already working on how we might execute in 2024 as well. So we do believe the market is developing. And I think around the industry, you've seen similar transactions executed in an effective way. On a potential repeal, what I would say to you is we continue to be very engaged with policymakers at the federal and state level around the need for infrastructure as we continue to pursue growth, on-shoring of US manufacturing, leadership in artificial intelligence, battery manufacturing, EVs, et cetera. And we believe, there's a lot of support to continue to build that infrastructure, and to build it at a price that's affordable. And the point I would emphasize for us on tax credits around infrastructure, it goes directly to customers. It reduces price over time to customers dollar for dollar. So I believe both of those messages continue to resonate with policymakers and we'll continue to make them. I think it's essential that we keep moving on this infrastructure build in order to serve the growth that we're seeing in our service territories. On the impact of credit metrics, our goal, sure is to be minimum of 14%. So even in the event that, the credits could be impacted in some way over time. We still believe we'll have time to adjust. We'll look at our overall plans and continue to run our business with a commitment to our balance sheet and with a strong balance sheet to pursue the growth.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Great. Fantastic. Thank you, guys. See you next week.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi, Good morning, Lynn and team. Look, I just wanted to follow-up on the last question a little bit in the same focus on the nuclear PTCs here. Just in as much as can you discuss the reduction in the forecasted rate base? Obviously, an increase in CapEx year-to-date and obviously, there's some timing-related matters as it pertains to the nuclear PTC impact in rate base. But can you talk to, what other factors might be impacting rate base, not just in the near you're here, but through the forecast as you think about the puts and takes here?
Lynn Good: Yeah. So, maybe a couple of things. On the capital side, Julien, much as Shar described, we'll continue to refine these with the wealth of opportunities, I do believe we'll have an opportunity to continue to introduce really strong capital in all of our jurisdictions. But on translating to rate base growth, what we show you with rate base is capital offset by tax attributes. So the nuclear PTCs, because we're amortizing them over a four year period in a very credit supportive way, we have a reduction in rate base as a result of that. So this is an opportunity for us to do both, grow and maintain the strength of the balance sheet. And we feel like we have developed a very constructive settlement in North Carolina to achieve exactly that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yeah. No, that makes sense. There's just nothing else that's impacting that. And then can you discuss the revised load growth outlook, right? I get 2% is a real acceleration from the 0.5% to 1% from last year and ultimately, I get that last year had down load, if you will. So it's a new starting point. But just to reconcile a little bit of the low growth commentary, especially considering the commentary from the last call here, what has sort of reaccelerated? How do you think about both the near year and the longer term here, if you will, just a little bit more?
Lynn Good: Yeah. Thank you, Julien. I'm going to turn to Brian to discuss it.
Brian Savoy: Yeah. Good morning, Julien. So, when we look at 2024, the setup on load growth is really underpinned by three main points. So you start with economic development visibility we have in 2024 projects that are in late-stage construction that are coming online. And we've got that on one of our slides. And that represents a little under a 1% growth as we look into 2024. On the residential side of things, we've seen this normalization coming out of COVID of return to the office, right? During COVID, we had a lot of residential usage at homes. As return to the office, you saw this kind of lower usage at homes, more in commercial businesses. And the back part of 2023, we saw that level out. So we will start growing residential more in line with customer migration trends, which has been really strong 1.7%, 1.8% in recent years. And so residential growth, we expect to be on an upward trajectory. And then lastly, the existing C&I customers where we saw a reduction in load in 2023 and when we talked about it throughout the year. Those customers are very optimistic in 2024. They've kind of seen a rebound happening maybe mid-ish year. So those three factors give us confidence that 2% load growth in 2024 is definitely in our sights.
Lynn Good : And over the long term, Julien, all of the things that Brian talked about we're going to continue to experience customer migration. Our existing customer base continues to demonstrate some strength over the five-year period. So probably the most new or significant driver is this economic development load. And we've given you a range of what we're seeing, and what we've put on the slide are the things that we believe have a high degree of confidence of being achieved. So DRIP is moving, letters of agreement have been signed and we're moving forward. And so the combination of our existing base population migration and the strong economic development gave us confidence to raise the long-term growth rate.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. So it sounds like things have reaccelerated here even just quarter-over-quarter even just on the margin?
Lynn Good: Well, and I think Julien, we were continuing to grapple with this economic development all through 2023 and came to our filing here in the Carolinas in January, really reckoning with where we think this is going. So we have continued to mature our own thinking, working with our customers, working with the prospects coming to the area and believe this represents a really solid range. And when we're looking at that range, the growth is going to come along with it on megawatt hours and that's what you're seeing in our update.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Great. Thank you guys. See you soon.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman: Thank you.
Brian Savoy: Good morning, Steve.
Lynn Good: Hi, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Good morning, Lynn and Brian. Just one more on the nuclear PTC. The -- any sense on when we're actually going to get details from the treasury and setting it any update there?
Brian Savoy: Steve, our best intel is the first half of the year. So we're thinking kind of sometime in Q2 we would get the final guidance from treasury and I think that's the general consensus.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And obviously you need that to then go do the monetization I assume?
Brian Savoy: Sure. Sure.
Steve Fleishman: Yeah. Okay. On the financing the equity plan, the DRIP and ATM, any kind of color on how much of that can be done through DRIP relative to ATM?
Lynn Good: Yeah. So Steve you should think about DRIP as being about $200 million a year. It's about 40% of it.
Steve Fleishman: Yeah. And then just on the gas plant filing in the Carolinas what -- when would these -- when would you be roughly targeting for these plants to come online?
Lynn Good: So 2028, 2029 Steve. Combined cycle plants two and 2028 -- or I'm sorry CTs two and 2028 CCs one and 2028 one and 2029.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. But obviously some of the capital would be hitting in AFDC hitting within the end of your?
Lynn Good: Yeah. You start to see it. The largest capital spend is in the last couple of years is construction as you know from history on these. But you'll see us beginning to ramp up well within this five-year period.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, great. That’s it from me. Thank you.
Lynn Good: All right. Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Arcaro of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Lynn Good: Hi David.
David Arcaro: As we think about the 1.5% to 2% load growth I was just curious is that concentrated in certain service territories more than others? Are you seeing certain states growing faster versus others in your footprint?
Brian Savoy: David I would think about the Carolinas has seen the largest portion of the economic development prospects we see. But we do see healthy growth across our jurisdictions. I mean Indiana with this restoring of manufacturing has really seen economic development growing. Florida continues to grow in a really strong way in 2% customer migration trends as well as the commercial businesses that support it. So, I would say Carolinas is slightly ahead of the others but all of really good growth.
David Arcaro: Okay, got it. Not several percentage points faster in any specific state, but fairly tightly grouped around there?
Lynn Good: Yes. And David I would say building on what Brian said residential growth has been stronger in the Carolinas and Florida. Commercial and Industrial in the Midwest has been good and it's also been good in the Carolinas. So, the growth kind of varies by customer class but I would go back to where I commented a moment ago we have a wealth of opportunities. And these are not only good for Duke Energy's growth but they're good for our states. It's capital investment it's job creation supply chain is coming with a lot of these manufacturers. So it's good for the service territories that we are serving.
David Arcaro: Understood. Yes, that's helpful. And I'm not sure if you gave this level of color, but just going forward, as you're thinking about all of these other CapEx opportunities to add to the plan, how are you thinking about financing that? Is there a rule of thumb for how much incremental equity you would need kind of per dollar of CapEx as you're expanding the investment going forward?
Lynn Good: David I think it's premature to talk about that because the first thing that we'll do is run through capital optimization and allocation putting the capital in the area that both delivers the most customer value and is delivering the best returns. And I think we'll have more on this refinement of capital as we move through IRP approvals in the Carolinas this year and then Indiana next year 10-year site plan as well. So, we'll continue to keep you updated and our commitment remains to growth and a strong balance sheet.
David Arcaro: Okay, great. Appreciate the color. Thanks so much.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Nicholas Campanella of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey thanks for taking my questions today. Good morning.
Brian Savoy: Good morning Nick.
Nicholas Campanella: Good morning. So, I guess just the payout ratio you're taking that down obviously which seems very prudent. I know you've already been kind of growing into a lower payout ratio over time. The dividend growth has been lower than the EPS growth here. So, just I'm kind of wondering just how to think about your 5% to 7% EPS CAGR now like where you are in that range? Are you at the high low or midpoint of that? And then when do you get back into this 60% to 70% payout ratio in the plan? Thank you.
Lynn Good: Yes. So Nick, pulling that all together we're very confident in our 5% to 7% growth rate. We have been building the capital plan to accomplish that as well as the regulatory mechanisms for several years. And so what we're putting in front of you we have a high degree of confidence on. And as a result of that we see the payout ratio declining over the next five years we'll be under 70% in 2024. And so as we look at our commitment to the dividend. We intend to continue growing it. We're committed to the dividend as we have been for a long period of time. But believe in this moment with the level of capital that we have, that introducing some financial flexibility in our range so that we can make good choices around dividend, capital and growth is just prudent. And so as you know we'll look at dividend every year. The Board is involved in that approval process. But given the total composition of growth in dividend, we believe a 60% to 70% payout ratio is appropriate at this point.
Nicholas Campanella: Okay. I appreciate that. And then I guess just – I know you just recently filed in Florida, you have a history of – there's a history of settlements in that state and constructive outcomes. Is just anything kind of changing in regulatory strategy that wouldn't allow you to pursue another settlement in the future?
Lynn Good: No, Nick, what we have accomplished so far is procedurally what we need to do to provide notice and the filing would follow late March early April, as you know we have a history of engaging with intervening parties in all of our jurisdictions as part of the regulatory process and we will do – endeavor to do that in Florida as well. And we'll keep you posted every step of the way. It's a very constructive jurisdiction in Florida, understanding the need for infrastructure to balance the growth that the state is maintaining or achieving. And also maintaining critical infrastructure investment for reliability storm response, et cetera. So we'll look forward to keeping you updated on the rate case.
Nicholas Campanella: Thank you.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Durgesh Chopra of Evercore. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thank you for…
Lynn Good: Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra: Good morning, Lynn. Maybe just I think the equity $500 million to have a year total for the plan versus the CapEx raises towards the low end? I think you might have said 30% to 50% funded those equity in the past. So maybe just a little bit more color kind of what puts you at that low end of the range since sort of we discussed this in November last year?
Lynn Good: Yes. Durgesh, I think about all of these variables, the capital, the regulatory outcomes, the equity issuance, the fact that we see nuclear PTC is something that we've been able to negotiate in a credit-supportive way. You've got all of those variables that we evaluate in establishing the plan that we have in front of you and believe that at this level that 30% ratio gives us the best match between the growth we're trying to achieve as well as the strength of the balance sheet. And so that will be – that's always our goal is to achieve both for investors and we believe we've accomplished that.
Durgesh Chopra: That's helpful. And thank you. And then the rate base is when I look at year-over-year growth rate in rate base it's pretty healthy. It's within your 5% to 7% EPS, long-term EPS growth guidance. Do we think about annual EPS growth rates within that range as well in that 5% to 7% range? Or is that more kind of a CAGR approach and back-end weighted?
Lynn Good: No, Durgesh, we endeavor to hit it every year, every year and that's how we plan our investments, that's how we plan our strategies around regulatory and otherwise and so that's how I would share it with you year-over-year.
Durgesh Chopra: That's very clear. Thank you, Lynn. Appreciate the time.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Ross Fowler of UBS. Please go ahead.
Ross Fowler: Good morning, Lynn. Good morning, Brian. How are you?
Lynn Good: Hi, Ross.
Brian Savoy: Hi, Ross.
Ross Fowler: So first one maybe to follow-up on Nick's question, just shifting back to Indiana. How are you thinking about the timing and what consideration should we be thinking about for the Indiana rate case?
Lynn Good: So Ross, we evaluate as you know periodically, where we are with capital investment, rate case cycle. And in Indiana, we have a lot of investment in riders, but some of those riders are 80% of the investment. So we need a general base rate case to pick up the other 20%. We also have in front of us in Indiana, CPCNs for generation that are in our regulatory mines or regulatory calendar. So we'll continue to evaluate that, what is the right timing, when do we go in? How does it relate to other things that we're trying to accomplish in Indiana, and by flagging it for you in this call, we're indicating that it's under review, and we'll keep you posted as we get closer to a final decision.
Ross Fowler: Appreciate that very much. And then maybe one for you, Brian. But -- as I look at the bridge to 2024, over 40% of that is coming from this $0.12 of other. And I think I get the higher interest rates impact and maybe can you scale the -- or scope the other things in there for me, there's a lower tax rate and then there's return from investments. And I think that's probably coming from either Bison the insurance side or the NMC stuff in Saudi Arab around Petrochem? Or how do I think about that as I look at by 2024?
Brian Savoy: Yeah. I would point to the tax optimization, Ross. In 2023, we had an opportunity for an item in tax optimization that was, I would say, outsized from our normal tax optimization work that part of our agility efforts, which you would expect us to do because we had record mild weather, we were looking at every opportunity to offset that. As we look forward in 2024, we're seeing a more consistent level of tax optimization that we had in previous years. So that's the other major driver in the other section. But we still have a robust set of tax optimization and our tax team is doing a fabulous work on that front. But that's what I'd point to. And we signaled our agility of $300 million that we were pursuing in 2023. About half of it will be sustainable. And I would point to that tax optimization as about that half that's not sustainable.
Ross Fowler: Okay. Okay. I got you. Thank you, Brian for that clarity. Appreciate it very much.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our Q&A session for today. So I'll turn the call back over to Lynn Good for any closing comments.
Lynn Good: Well, let me close by just thanking everyone for participation today. I know, when we do these annual updates. We give you 40 to 50 slides to digest. So, we're also available for questions and comments, the IR team, Brian, I'm available, and really appreciate your interest and investment in Duke. Thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Thank you for attending the Duke Energy's Third Quarter Earnings Review and Business Update. My name is Matt, and I'll be your moderator for today's call. All lines being muted during the presentation portion of the call upon opportunity for questions and answers at the end. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to our host, Abby Motsinger, Vice President of Investor Relations. Abby, please go ahead.
Abby Motsinger: Thank you, Matt, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Duke Energy's third quarter 2023 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chair, President and CEO; along with Brian Savoy, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking information. Actual results may differ from forward-looking statements due to factors disclosed in today's materials and in Duke Energy's SEC filings. The appendix of today's presentation includes supplemental information, along with the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures. With that, let me turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Abby, thank you, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced strong results for the third quarter, adjusted earnings per share of $1.94 compared to $1.78 for last year. During the quarter, we also made great progress on regulatory outcomes and simplification of the business. This momentum is underpinned by our strong fundamentals. We have a track record of operational excellence and serve growing jurisdictions with a long runway of investment opportunities. This positions us well for the future and gives us confidence in reaffirming our long-term earnings growth rate of 5% to 7%. For 2023, we continue to work on cost structure to offset mild weather and weaker industrial volumes. Brian will talk more about load and cost agility efforts, but I want to take a moment to recognize the incredible work across the organization to mitigate pressures in 2023. Across the Company, agility measures, savings opportunities and efficiency improvements are well underway, while never compromising on our commitment to safety and customers. We expect to finish the year within our guidance range trending to the lower half of the range. Moving to Slide 5. Let me spend a moment on the meaningful progress we've made in North Carolina. In August, the North Carolina Utilities Commission approved our Duke Energy Progress rate case application and related settlements. This order is the culmination of years of work with stakeholders and represents a significant milestone, the first implementation of performance-based regulation, including multiyear rate plans authorized by HB951. The order approved a retail rate base of $12.2 billion, a $1.6 billion increase from our last case, along with roughly $3.5 billion in future capital investments in the multiyear rate plan. Importantly, the order also recognized the rising cost of capital increasing the allowed ROE to 9.8% and the equity component of the capital structure to 53%. This outcome positions us well to continue delivering value to customers while supporting the cash flows of the Company. New rates and residential decoupling were implemented on October 1. Turning to the Duke Energy Carolinas rate case, in late August, we reached a partial settlement with the public staff on many aspects of the case. The settlement provides clarity on retail rate base of approximately $19.5 billion, a $2.6 billion increase from our last case and includes nearly $4.6 billion of capital investments in the multiyear rate plan. A second settlement with the public staff further narrowed the open items in the case and also addressed nuclear PTCs, which Brian will provide more detail on in a moment. We expect the NCUC to issue its decision by the end of the year and expect permanent rates to be in effect by January 2024. We're pleased with the constructive outcome at DEP and look forward to finalizing the DEC rate case in the coming weeks. North Carolina is our largest jurisdiction so constructive outcomes are critical to supporting a strong balance sheet and de-risking our five-year plan. Turning to Slide 6, I'd like to highlight our updated Carolinas resource plan, which is driving material growth and capital investment opportunities as we lead the nation's largest energy transition. In mid-August, we filed our updated resource plan with the Public Service Commission of South Carolina and the North Carolina Utilities Commission. The single unified resource plan for the Carolinas is designed to meet the needs of this growing region, spurred by rapid population growth and significant economic development activity. The plan maintains an all of the above strategy with a diverse deployment of additional resources, including renewables, battery storage, and natural gas as well as energy efficiency and demand side management. It also provides the opportunity to evaluate emerging technologies, pursue an early site permit for advanced nuclear and early development activities for expanded pumped storage hydro at Bad Creek. The filing included details about our annual solar procurement, which targets over a gigawatt of new solar each year beginning in 2027. It also outlines plans to build additional natural gas generation to maintain reliability and affordability as coal plants are retired. Since the resource plan filing, we filed pre-CPCNs with NCUC, for a combined cycle plant on September 1 and combustion turbines on November 1. We will make our full CPCN filings in the first quarter of 2024. Similar to previous filings, the Carolinas resource plan is based on significant stakeholder engagement and outlines multiple portfolios, each of which preserve affordability and reliability while transitioning to cleaner energy resources. Next steps will include hearings in both states in the spring of 2024. We expect an order in South Carolina in mid-'24 and an order in North Carolina by the end of '24. Turning to Slide 7. With the closing of the commercial renewables sale last month, our portfolio repositioning is complete. We are now a fully regulated company, operating in some of the fastest-growing and most attractive jurisdictions across the U.S. I just mentioned some of our progress in North Carolina and our other utilities continue to deliver as well. At Piedmont, we recently received South Carolina Commission approval of our settlement in our RSA proceeding. We also received approval of our settlement in our ARM proceeding in Tennessee. These annual rate updates allow for efficient recovery of investments as we continue to modernize our natural gas system. And at DEC South Carolina, we've made significant investments since our last rate case in 2019 and are evaluating the timing of our next rate case application. These investments have strengthened the grid against storms, reduced outage times and maintained a high level of reliable service our customers expect. In Florida, we're seeing some of the fastest customer growth in the state and have efficient recovery mechanisms for our grid and solar investments. Our response to Hurricane Idalia in September, yet again demonstrated the value of our grid-hardening investments. The storm caused over 200,000 outages, and we restored power to 95% of customers within 36 hours. Further, our investment in self-healing grid technologies saved more than 7 million outage minutes for customers. Shifting to the Midwest, in October, the Kentucky Public Service Commission approved the new rates in our electric rate case, which utilized a forecasted test year. And the commission approved a 9.75% ROE, a 50 basis point increase from the previous case as well as increasing the equity component of the capital structure to 52%. Across our footprint, we've built considerable momentum over the last year, and our long-term organic growth strategy has never been more clear. This past year has made our company stronger and more agile as we've responded to macroeconomic headwinds. I'm confident we're well positioned to deliver sustainable value and 5% to 7% earnings growth over the next five years. And with that, let me turn the call to Brian.
Brian Savoy: Thanks, Lynn, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with a discussion on quarterly results. As shown on Slide 8, our third quarter reported earnings per share were $1.59, and our adjusted earnings per share were $1.94. This compares to reported and adjusted earnings per share of $1.81 and $1.78 last year. Please see the non-GAAP reconciliation in today's materials for additional details. Within the operating segments, Electric Utilities and Infrastructure results were down $0.01 per share compared to last year. We experienced earnings growth from rate cases and riders, favorable weather and lower O&M from our cost mitigation initiatives, which I will discuss further in a moment. These positive items were offset by lower weather-normalized volumes, higher storm costs and higher interest expense. Shifting to Gas Utilities and Infrastructure, results were up $0.01 due to riders and customer growth. And within the Other segment, we were up $0.16 over the prior year, primarily due to a lower effective tax rate which reflects the ongoing tax efficiency efforts in the Company. We expect our full year 2023 effective tax rate to be at the low end of our 11% to 13% guidance range. As Lynn mentioned, we are tightening our full year 2023 guidance range to $5.55 to $5.65. We entered the year with one of the mildest winters on record. And although weather improved in the third quarter, we remain $0.20 below normal. We also continued to see weakness in volumes estimated at approximately $0.20 year-to-date, some of which may be attributable to weather, but also to a softening of industrial load and return to work for residential customers. To mitigate the impact, we have increased our 2023 agility target to $0.30, which includes tactical O&M savings a lower effective tax rate and other levers. As we look to the fourth quarter, we expect a strong finish to the year, targeting $1.50 to $1.60 per share. Our original plan was back-end loaded due to growth from rate cases and riders. We will also see the benefit of our ongoing cost management efforts. We are closely monitoring volume trends and have included fourth quarter drivers in the appendix. Turning to Slide 9. Let me discuss more specifics on volume trends. Volumes are down 1.2% on a rolling 12-month basis. Many of our industrial customers are acknowledging a near-term pullback, managing inventory levels and cost in a disciplined way due to uncertainty in the broader economy. Most are describing the pullback is temporary, and there is optimism about a turnaround in mid- to late 2024 and into 2025. We continue to see strong customer growth from population migration and robust economic development, giving us confidence in growth over the long term. Based on recent success in economic development efforts in key sectors such as battery, EVs, semiconductors and data centers, we see meaningful load growth over the next several years as outlined on Slide 9. For example, in 2024, we expect economic development projects coming online will add between 1,000 and 2,000 gigawatt hours. As we look further out, we have line of sight to 7,000 to 9,000 gigawatt hours by the end of 2027, giving us confidence in our 0.5 to 1% growth rate. Turning to Slide 10. Let me spend a few minutes on 2024. Consistent with historical practice, we will provide 2024 earnings guidance and our detailed capital and financing plans in our February update. Today, we have provided growth drivers for 2024. We've executed an active regulatory calendar this year that has yielded constructive outcomes as we head into next year. The multiyear rate plan in DEP will be in effect for a full year and we expect permanent rates under the DEC multiyear rate plan to be effective in January. In Florida, we will see the impact of the third year of our multiyear rate plan and growth from storm protection plan investments. In the Midwest, we'll see the impact of our Kentucky rate case and grid riders in Indiana and Ohio. In the gas segment, we will see robust growth from rate cases, integrity management investments and customer additions. From a load perspective, we project a pickup in 2024 from return to normal weather. Additionally, while we continue to closely monitor customer usage trends, we expect higher weather-normalized volumes driven by economic development activity and residential customer growth. Recall, residential decoupling will be in place in 2024 in North Carolina. So both DEC and DEP revenue growth will be based on customer increases, which have been robust. We expect interest rates to be higher for longer, resulting in increased financing cost in 2024. For O&M, we have aggressive efforts underway to sustain all cost savings identified in 2022 for 2023 as well as about half of the agility efforts we identified during the course of 2023 to mitigate weather and volumes. As we continue to pursue a technology-enabled, best-in-class cost structure, we expect our culture of continuous improvement to drive 2024 O&M to be lower than 2023 and significantly below our spending level in 2022. Moving to Slide 11. Let me highlight some of the credit supportive actions we've taken to maintain balance sheet strength. We continue to collect deferred fuel balances and have filed for recovery of all remaining uncollected 2022 fuel costs with about 90% approved and in rates. We're on pace to recover $1.7 billion of deferred fuel costs in 2023 and expect our deferred fuel balance to be back in line with our historical average by the end of 2024. As Lynn mentioned, we completed the sale of our commercial renewables business in October. With that, about $1.5 billion of commercial renewable debt will come off the balance sheet, further supporting our credit metrics. In August, as part of our ongoing DEC North Carolina rate case, we reached a settlement with public staff on the treatment of nuclear PTCs related to the Inflation Reduction Act. The settlement provides for the flowback of annual PTCs to customers over a four-year amortization period. If approved by the commission, this settlement would provide savings for customers and be supportive to our credit metrics. We intend to utilize the transferability provisions of the IRA and have engaged an external advisor to run a formal auction-style process, providing access to a broad range of qualified buyers. With these positive developments, we are targeting FFO to debt between 13% and 14% in 2023 and 14% in 2024 through 2027. Finally, as I mentioned, we will provide an update in February on our financing plan, along with a comprehensive refresh and roll forward of our five-year capital plan. We expect our capital plan to increase as we move further into the energy transition. We will take a balanced approach to funding the incremental capital, supporting our growth rate and balance sheet strength. As part of this balanced approach, we will evaluate modest funding through our dividend reinvestment plan and at the market program. The growth potential in our business is at a level we haven't seen in decades. For customers, we will achieve the right balance of affordability, reliability and increasing clean energy. And for investors, we will achieve growth while maintaining balance sheet strength. Moving to Slide 12, we're executing on our priorities and are excited about the path ahead as a fully regulated company. We operate in constructive growing jurisdictions, which combined with our $65 billion five-year capital plan, strong operations and cost efficiency capabilities give us confidence in our 5% to 7% growth rate through 2027. Our attractive dividend yield, coupled with long-term earnings growth from investments in our regulated utilities, provide a compelling risk-adjusted return for shareholders. With that, we'll open the line for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from the line Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim. Your line is now open.
Shahriar Pourreza: I know you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you'll be obviously updating the capital plan in February, as you always do. And directionally, you're talking some upside bias with CapEx, but maybe you can help at least frame the potential magnitude. So, is it kind of supportive of the 5% to 7% or more potentially better? And where you see the increases coming from? So sort of the various buckets in which states as we think about CapEx upside?
Lynn Good: Sure. And Shar, the capital is really underpinned by the integrated resource plans that we have filed. And so, if you look at the Carolinas alone, the filing that we made in August compared to where we were in 2022, we see load growth and we also see the need to raise the reserve margin as a result of all of the growth going on in this region and the winter peaking nature. And so, if you look across all of the types of megawatts from solar to battery, natural gas, et cetera, you see an increase there, and that will become reflected more fully in our capital plan, of course, working through that process with the commission in '24, but we see a need for additional megawatts in the Carolinas really driven in large measure by population growth, economic development and reserve margin. We're also moving deeper into generation transition in Indiana. So as we have filed integrated resource plans and we've accelerated our thinking around the timing of coal retirements, we see natural gas coming into the picture in Indiana as well as renewables. And so, CPCNs will be filed in the next several months, really setting the cadence for Indiana. And then I think you know on our regular schedule in Florida, we will be updating the multi-rate plan effective 1/1/25 and so expectations for capital spending there will be updated. And then the gas business continues to see not only extraordinary growth for a number of customers, but integrity management continues as capital. So, we are in an extraordinary period of growth in all of our jurisdictions. It's transparent. It's filed with our commissions in the form of integrated resource plans on the electric side and clear on the gas side as well. So, we're anxious to provide that update to you in February and have a chance to talk further about it at that point.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And then, obviously, you highlighted that the current base plan assumes no equity through '27, which is consistent. But you're obviously leaving it open for potential equity to fund spending above the current base plan. As we think about sort of your balance sheet capacity, should we be assuming that every dollar of incremental CapEx is funded with a balanced cap structure, so 50-50 debt equity? Or is that too simplistic and we should be also factoring other sources of equity funding above straight equity? So just, I guess, help us bridge "balanced approach" with balance sheet strength.
Lynn Good: And Shar, I would think about balanced approach kind of in the 30% to 50% range. And when I think about equity, we've talked about shareholder-friendly equity. You have seen us accomplish that with our transaction in Indiana. I don't know how much potential exists for that given present cost of capital, but we would, of course, explore that and then evaluating the role of dividend reinvestment and at-the-market programs as well. I would also say that the other couple of things that we're watching, we have yet to finalize the DEC case. So, we'll have more visibility on that in December. And then waiting for treasury guidance on these nuclear PTCs and the transferability market, those are also very consequential from cash flow standpoint. So, I feel like we have just a number of levers available to us, and we will exercise them in a way that maintains our growth rate, but also underpins the strength of the balance sheet.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Just coming back at the same direction as Shar here, just in terms of balance sheet, obviously, has been a source of continued conversation as illustrated by the first couple of questions here. How do you think about maybe shoring up the balance sheet incrementally in addition to funding these incremental upside here? I just want to make sure that we're clear about how you think about that piece of it, right? Obviously, coming into a position of strength here with the rate case resolution that you already -- or resolutions that you alluded to by 4Q here, but how do you think about kind of getting to that next step where perhaps conversation's a little less focused therein.
Lynn Good: Yes, Julien, thanks for that. And I as we lay out what we laid out today, I think you're watching us strengthen the balance sheet, $1.7 of deferred fuel to be collected in '23, another $1.7 billion of deferred fuel to be collected in '24. And the multiyear rate plans, which have not only given us an opportunity to reset rate base from historic spending but also prepare and put into effect rates for future, I think those will be credit positive. The transferability that I mentioned on IRA will be credit positive. And so, as we bring to you a financing plan and think about the future and the continued growth that we see from capital investment, we will be targeting a minimum of 14% as we go forward and feel like we have the tools to accomplish that.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Fleishman: Just so, the -- you mentioned a couple of times the monitoring the sales trends and I know you gave a little bit of color on the return to work. And could you just talk a little bit more -- in more depth on what's going on with sales in your territories and some of the recent weakness?
Lynn Good: Sure. And Steve, I'll give it a start, and then I know Brian will have something to add to it. So we've seen some weakness in '23. And I think you saw us early in the year trying to figure out do we have volume weakness or is it weather because we had such extraordinarily weak weather in the first and second quarter. But the weakness has continued into the third quarter. I would mention textiles. I would mention paper as two industries that have been impacted. And then outside of those industries, we're hearing from our customers, supply chain, labor, interest rates being an impact to them that they're adjusting to. They also -- many of them have inventory they're working through, so they've dialed back production. And production, of course, hits us in terms of lower volumes. But I would say there's optimism in that same industrial group about a rebound later in '24 and into '25. And what I would further say is, we have evaluated this. Residential, of course, return to work, but we think we're probably where that return to work trend is situated. Meaning no more impact from return to work, I think we've pretty well worked ourselves through that transition. And then for our largest jurisdiction, we go to a decoupled environment in 2024, and customer growth continues to be very strong and it's customer growth that will drive revenue. And then on the industrial side, the rebound is positive on existing customers, but this economic development has been extraordinary. And we've given you a sense of what that can look like. It starts to layer in as early as '24. And so that gives us some confidence around our longer-term growth rate that we've got customers sort of working through the macro trends here in the short term. But over the long term, we continue to see this economic development being incredibly strong. And I'm sure you saw yesterday in the Journal, that Toyota battery plant is expanding further, also sitting here in the North Carolina territory. So that's what I would share. And Brian, what would you add?
Brian Savoy: I would add, Steve, North Carolina residential has contributed a significant amount to the weakness this year, over half. So going to decoupling is something we need to really emphasize, it's going to mitigate risk and volatility going forward. And our Florida jurisdiction has seen strong growth in the residential space. It's been a hot year in Florida, but we've also had strong population migration, strongest in the state of Florida. So, we see positive shoots coming out, and we do see this industrial load in the Carolinas turning as we talk to customers kind of mid to late next year.
Steve Fleishman: Great. That's helpful. One other separate question. Just on when you're doing your plan and your growth rate from the standpoint of interest rates, are you generally just kind of using whatever the forward curve is of rates for what -- for financings or refinancings and the like?
Lynn Good: We are generally -- yes, absolutely, absolutely. And as you know, that's a dynamic area. So we look at a range, a range of outcomes. We did that in '23, we'll do it again in '24. And as we talked about all of the work we're doing on cost structure, our objective is to offset the impact of interest rates in 2024.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Nick Campanella with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Nick Campanella: I just wanted to ask, there's been some pretty significant changes in the Carolinas in terms of just rate structure with these NYRP and I know that you're a little lower in the range for fiscal '23, but could you just help frame EPS volatility '23 versus '24? And the residential decoupling just stands out to us, if you could just frame how that informs your confidence to hit the 5% to 7% implied EPS growth for '24 specifically?
Lynn Good: So Nick, I would confirm that it does underpin our confidence in 5% to 7% growth. This modernized construct in the Carolinas is consequential. It's kind of a first in the history of the utility that we will have multiyear rate plans, the ability to set price as we go forward, of course, delivering value to customers every step of the way, but also more closely matching the expenditure of capital with return. And I would add to that, our confidence in the capital underpinning that 5% to 7% growth, very transparent, integrated resource plans, the outline what it's going to be necessary to serve this growing state. So the Carolinas are very well positioned for the future. And as Brian mentioned a moment ago, continue to see extraordinary growth in Florida. And we have strong capital in Florida and grid and solar will be updating our multiyear rate plan, and our investment in the Midwest continues well along both generation and grid in Ohio, for example. So, I feel like we've got all of the elements to underpin our confidence in the growth and the jurisdictions are constructive jurisdictions that find the right balance between benefits to customers and investors, and we're confident in the future.
Nick Campanella: Okay. Great. And what about just on O&M, I know in slides where you kind of talked about 50% sustainable after '23. But just looking back to prior calls, I think we've kind of talked about 75%. So just maybe that's just different buckets and I'm mischaracterizing it, but could you help reconcile that view? And then how do you just think about '24?
Lynn Good: Yes. And Nick, I really appreciate that question because we have two different $300 million that I think as I look at some of the commentary has been confusing to you all. So let me step through it for you. You may recall that we entered '23 with a cost initiative identified at driving out $300 million of cost, primarily in the corporate center. And we said to you at that time we thought 75% of that $300 million would be sustainable. We have executed on that throughout 2023 and have been confident that the 75% is going to 100% that we'll be able to sustain all of it into 2024. And then further, we have developed mitigation plans based on weak weather and volume in 2023, which is including not only O&M, but other levers, including tax ideas, those total $300 million as well. And we think 50% of those are sustainable into 2024. And we also highlighted on our drivers schedule that we will continue to look for cost savings ideas, part of the continuous improvement structure. That's what we're talking about on Slide 10. So, we believe we have various elements in place to continue to drive O&M lower. We think '24 will be lower than '23, and that's just part of our conviction to continue to drive productivity and efficiency in our operations.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Durgesh Chopra: All my questions have been answered. I just had a -- all my questions have been answered. Just a quick clarification, Lynn, I think in response to the first question, you mentioned 30% to 50%. I believe you were referring to the equity content of any incremental CapEx. Could you just clarify if that -- if my understanding is correct there?
Lynn Good: That's correct, Durgesh. It was in response to what does balanced mean. And so that's the range to think about. And of course, we'll bring a concrete financing plan and capital plan in February that will lay this out more clearly. But as we think about all of the tools and levers and cash flow opportunities that we have across all of our business, that is the range I would consider for incremental equity matched with incremental capital for growth.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
John Miller: You've got John Miller on for Carly. Maybe just to start with the North Carolina resource plan, just curious if there's any areas where you expect, if any, to get some pushback? Obviously, a healthy chunk of renewables in there with the wind and solar, but also a share of natural gas as well. So curious if you're expecting the focus on reliability with that to outweigh any ESG concerns with the natural gas?
Lynn Good: John, I appreciate that question. And I'd start by saying these integrated resource plans are informed by a very robust stakeholder process. And as you imagine pulling stakeholders together, there are different points of view across the spectrum from renewables to batteries to natural gas to nuclear some pro, some con. But we believe what we've put forward is a very balanced all of the above strategy that provides the right balance between reliability, affordability and increasingly clean, which is our commitment to the state. So, we think all of those elements will be closely reviewed and evaluated as part of the process in front of the commission. And we believe we'll work through this in a very constructive way, consistent with the way we've moved forward in the previous plans, and we'll keep you posted every step of the way.
John Miller: Got it. That's helpful. And then maybe just one follow-up to the O&M discussion. I know that of the business agility savings will come in 4Q, but as we are now in the year at November. Just curious if you have any indications of where you're trending towards that target of 50% being sustainable.
Lynn Good: We're going to make 50% sustainable.
Brian Savoy: That's right. Yes. We're there, John. We have line of sight to the Q4 efforts because a lot of it was tied to the fall outage season as well as just a culmination of work that takes a couple of months to implement, and we've evaluated the ability to keep those going on for 2024 and beyond, and we've confirmed that.
Operator: Thank you for your question. There are no additional questions waiting at this time. So, I'll pass the call back to Lynn Good for any closing remarks.
Lynn Good: Well, thank you all. Appreciate your engagement today investment at Duke, and we're looking forward to seeing all of you at EEI. So, we'll continue the conversation then. And of course, IR and Brian and I are always available. So thanks so much.
Operator: That concludes the conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-08 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Duke Energy Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. My name is Brian, I will be the operator for today’s call. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand over to your host, Abby Motsinger, Vice President of Investor Relations to begin. 
Abby Motsinger: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Duke Energy's second quarter 2023 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chair, President and CEO, along with Brian Savoy, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking information. Actual results may be different from forward-looking statements, due to factors disclosed in today’s materials and in Duke Energy's SEC filings. The appendix of today's presentation includes supplemental information, along with the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures. With that, let me turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Abby, thank you, and good morning, everyone. Today we announced adjusted earnings per share of $0.91 for the quarter. For the second quarter in a row mild weather impacted results. For perspective in the Carolinas January and February were the mildest in the last 30 years. And May and June were in the top five. Through June we're facing a weather headwind of nearly $0.30.  Agility measures have been put in place which add to the $300 million O&M reduction that was targeted and in place coming into 2023. Our cost initiatives are grounded in our culture of safety and serving our customers with excellence while maintaining our assets for the future. Brian will provide more on cost management in a moment.  We've had an early look at July and as you would expect July whether is positive consistent with the trend across the U.S. and August and September are in front of us. With our largest quarter ahead, we are reaffirming our guidance range for 2023 and we'll have more to say on projected results for the year on the third quarter call. As we look ahead, the fundamentals of our business are strong, and we are reaffirming our 5% to 7% growth rate.  Turning to Slide five, you'll see highlights of the strategic portfolio repositioning we've executed over the last decade. With the announcement of the commercial renewable sale which we expect to close by the end of the year, we're a fully regulated company operating in constructive and growing jurisdictions with a wealth of clean energy investments driving growth for years to come. The regulatory constructs in our states have also meaningfully improved over this time, including landmark bipartisan energy legislation passed in North Carolina in 2021. Modern constructs like those in HB951 allow us to invest for the benefit of our customers, while preserving returns for our investors.  We are pleased that today 90% of our electric utility investments are eligible for modern recovery mechanisms that mitigate regulatory lag. Our growth story is an organic one, with over 145 billion of clean energy grid and LDC investments over the next decade. With the portfolio repositioning complete our sole focus is on our regulated businesses, and the work we have underway to pursue the largest energy transition in our industry.  Let me now turn to Slide six, to provide an update on our progress in each jurisdiction. In North Carolina, we continue to work toward resolution of the Duke Energy progress rate case. We implemented interim rates June 1, subject to refund, with rates for typical residential customers increasing about 5%. We expect the commission to issue an order later this month for the final DEP rates going into effect October 1.  We're also preparing for the Duke Energy Carolinas hearing which is scheduled to begin August 28. Our energy transition in the Carolinas remains a top strategic priority and we're working diligently on updated resource plans to be filed with the Public Service Commission of South Carolina and the North Carolina Utilities Commission respectively in mid-August.  Similar to previous filings, the plans are based on significant stakeholder engagement, and will outline multiple portfolios, each of which preserve affordability and reliability while transitioning to cleaner energy resources. IRA benefits will be incorporated into the analysis for the first time, as well as increasing load from numerous economic development announcements, and continued strong population migration into the Carolinas.  Our modeling will also reflect higher reserve margins as a result of our continuous evaluation of resource adequacy. Later this year, we will begin the CPCN Process in North Carolina for replacement gas generation. At the same time, solar procurement will continue on an annual basis. In fact, our 2022 solar procurement was recently finalized, with nearly 1000 megawatts to be placed in service by 2027. And our 2023 Solar RFP targeting 1400 megawatts was recently approved by the NCUC, with bids to be received later this year.  Following the resource plan filings, each commission will hear from interested parties through a transparent regulatory process as they consider our proposals. We expect an order from the South Carolina Commission in mid ‘24, and an order from the North Carolina Commission by the end of ‘24.  Turning to Florida, we're executing us on our investment plan to benefit customers. We've added 300 megawatts of new solar this year and now operate 1200 megawatts in the state, with plans to continue adding about 300 megawatts per year over the next decade. We’re hardening the grid through our storm protection plan and already seeing benefits from improved reliability.  With robust customer growth and timely recovery of investments, our Florida utility continues to deliver strong returns. In Kentucky we've partnered with Amazon to install a two megawatt solar plant on top of their fulfillment center in Northern Kentucky, the largest rooftop solar site in the state. This partnership supports the carbon reduction goals of both Duke Energy and Amazon. And it's just one example of how we're working with our customers to meet their energy needs.  Turning to Indiana, I'd like to take a moment to thank the nearly 2000 crew members that work tirelessly over the July 4 Holiday following multiple storms. The widespread storm systems extended across our entire service territory, and led to a multi-day effort to restore over 370,000 outages.  And in fact today in the Carolinas, our crews are also working to restore outages that resulted from the strong storms in the eastern seaboard and are doing so safely timely, and in close communication with our customers and stakeholders. As with all operations, the safety of our employee’s environment and communities remain front and center and I'm proud to say that for the eighth consecutive year, we've led the industry in safety as measured by total incident case rate.  On the federal side, we're taking advantage of multiple incentives and other opportunities to benefit our customers. We're incorporating IRA tax benefits and resource plans and rate adjustments across our jurisdictions to lower costs for customers and federal funding from the infrastructure investment and Jobs Act creates opportunity to advance new resources and spur economic development.  We have put forward multiple proposals through the IIJA, including for methane reduction, carbon capture long duration storage, hydrogen and grid modernization. And we'll continue to evaluate opportunities as funding is announced. We continue to advocate for federal and state support that recognizes the importance of a responsible energy transition. And in fact, later today, we will file comments on EPAs proposed 111 rule. While we support EPAs commitment to a cleaner energy future. We believe an orderly transition requires a diverse mix of energy resources, and must align with the pace of technology development.  We will continue to actively work with policymakers, industry peers, state partners and others in support of a reliable affordable energy transition. In closing, we've navigated the first half of the year with agility taking swift action in the face of record mild weather while maintaining our focus on our strategic priorities.  With our portfolio repositioning complete we offer an attractive fully regulated organic growth proposition. We have a clear strategy ahead of us as we invest to satisfy increasing demand for clean, affordable and reliable energy across our growing regions. Our long term fundamentals remain as strong as ever, and we're well positioned to deliver sustainable value and 5% to 7% earnings growth over the next five years.  And with that, let me turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Savoy: Thanks, Lynn. And good morning, everyone. I'll start with quarterly results and highlight key variances to the prior year.  As shown on Slide seven, we reported a second quarter loss of $0.32 per share, and adjusted earnings of $0.91 per share. This compares to reported and adjusted EPS of $1.14 and $1.09 last year. GAAP reported results include an impairment of approximately $1 billion related to the commercial renewable sale, which is reflected in discontinued operations. Announcing the sale agreements represents a key milestone, and I'm pleased with the progress we've made to-date on this important strategic move.  Within the operating segments, electric utilities and infrastructure was down $0.14 compared to last year driven by $0.16 of unfavorable weather. Absent the weather, we saw growth from rate cases and riders and lower O&M partially offset by lower volumes and higher interest expense.  Moving to gas utilities and infrastructure, results were up a $0.01 due to higher margins and customer growth. And within the other segment, we were $0.05 lower primarily due to higher interest expense partially offset by higher market returns on certain benefit plans.  Turning to Slide eight. Cost management has become part of the Duke Energy DNA, and continues to produce sustainable savings. We're leveraging digital innovation, data analytics and process improvements to increase efficiency, making targeted capital investments to reduce maintenance costs and reshaping our operations to streamline work and lower costs. We've established a proven track record and in 2022, we're an industry leader across key O&M cost efficiency measures.  Coming into 2023 we implemented a $300 million cost mitigation initiative to address interest rate and inflation headwinds. These reductions which were incorporated into our base plan are focused on corporate and support areas and remain on track. And as we said 75% of these savings are structural and will be sustainable in the future years.  As Lynn mentioned, we've seen record mild weather in the first half of the year. We’ve taken action to offset these pressures, including launching significant business agility in the first quarter. We're looking to tactical O&M reductions and other levers, including deferring non-critical work, reducing spend on outside services, and limiting non-essential travel and overtime. We expect about $0.20 of mitigation from these measures weighted toward the fourth quarter. We will be thoughtful about these actions keeping our unwavering commitment to safety, reliability and customer service at the forefront of our approach.  Looking ahead, residential decoupling in North Carolina will be fully implemented in 2024. But until then, we will continue to flex the agility muscle that we have done so successfully in the past.  Turning to Slide nine, I'll touch on electric volumes and economic trends. Volumes are down 0.6% on a rolling 12-month basis. In the residential class, customer growth remained robust at 1.8% but was offset by lower usage per customer. We believe that this partially driven by energy efficiency and a growing trend of returning to the office. In addition, we continue to see most of the weakness in months when weather was extreme. In these situations, it can be challenging to precisely estimate the weather component of total volume variances.  The long term residential growth trajectory remains strong. In fact, residential volumes have averaged just under 1% growth per year for the past five years, and are 4% above pre pandemic levels. In the commercial class, second quarter volumes are trending above our full year estimate, supported by continued growth in data centers. In the industrial class, planned investment in our territories continues to be robust.  Many of our large customers are expanding, and we partnered with our states to attract over 29,000 new jobs and $23 billion in capital investment in 2022. These investments represent several key sectors such as battery, EVs and semiconductors, and we expect they will provide around 2000 megawatts of demand as operations ramp up.  The strength of our service territories was also reflected in CNBCs annual list of America's top states for business, were five of the states we serve ranked in the top 15 and North Carolina ranked number one for the second year in a row. In the near term, we've seen a slight pullback in some of our manufacturing customers due to softening demand in certain sectors of the economy. We're monitoring the impact of macroeconomic trends but the underlying fundamentals, residential customer growth, and commercial and industrial investment continue to support long term growth at roughly 0.5% per year.  Moving to slide 10, let me highlight some of the credit supportive actions we've taken to maintain balance sheet strength. We continue to collect deferred fuel balances and filed for recovery of all remaining uncollected 2022 fuel costs. In April, we began recovery of 1.2 billion in Florida over 21 months with a debt return. We also read settlement with the public staff in our DEC North Carolina fuel proceeding and expect to receive an order in the coming weeks.  Per the agreement, we would recover approximately 1 billion of deferred fuel by the end of 2024. Across our jurisdictions, we're on pace to recover 1.7 of deferred fuel costs in 2023. And expect our deferred fuel balance to be back in line with our historical average by the end of 2024. As Lynn mentioned, we expect to complete the sale of our commercial renewables business by the end of the year, and will use proceeds for debt avoidance at the holding company. In addition, about $1.5 billion of commercial renewables debt will come off the balance sheet when the transactions close further supporting metrics.  These actions are credit positive, and we expect to see continued balance sheet improvement into 2024 as we recover the remaining deferred fuel costs and see the full year impact of both North Carolina rate cases.  Moving to slide 11. This year marks the 97th consecutive year of paying a quarterly cash dividend and the 17th consecutive annual increase. Looking forward we're executing on our strategic priorities and are excited about the path ahead as a fully regulated company. We operate in constructive growing jurisdictions, which combined with our $65 billion five-year capital plan give us confidence in our 5% to 7% growth rate through 2027. Our attractive dividend yield coupled with long term earnings growth from investments and our regulated utilities, provide a compelling risk adjusted return for shareholders.  With that, we'll open the line for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mrs. Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. The line is now open. 
Shar Pourreza: Hey, guys, good morning. Obviously, it's been a little bit of a slow start to the year, obviously weather driven. You're not alone. You read their guidance, but can you just talk about where you are within the ‘23 range assuming normal weather and how we should think about incremental levers, especially given where you are from an O&M perspective? I mean, clearly, in the slides, you show how efficient you are and you've pulled a lot of levers already. So just curious if you could be a little bit more specific on how much cost mitigation is left for the year especially if weather doesn't transpire? Thanks.
Lynn Good: Shar, thanks for the question. No question, it's been a mild weather year and I -- so I look around the industry there are other utilities have experienced a trend similar to ours, Midwest and some in the Southeast. We have put in mitigation plans in place as Brian talked about, Shars, the deferring non-critical work, third-party spend, all of those things that you would expect us to attack tactically in 2023, and we see those progressing. We also are on pace with the $300 million of O&M that we targeted to take out of the business coming into '23. So I look at all of that and the fact that we have the third quarter ahead of us, and we believe the range -- we can reaffirm the range. The range still represents the potential we have for 2023, and we'll update within that range at the end of the third quarter. We did highlight that July, we had a peak of July.  So weather was strong in July, and we've got August, September in front of us. I think what's important to recognize here is that we are working every possible lever, including any contingencies that set in the plan at the time we developed it. And I would just point to the strategic progress also, Shar, that we've made because the fundamentals of this company remain unchanged. Strong capital growth, strong jurisdictions and I think that represents a really solid investment thesis for the future.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then last one is, obviously, you reiterated the credit metric targets and lack of equity needs through '27 with the current plan. Maybe just a strategy questions here. I guess, how are you sort of thinking about inorganic opportunities? And more importantly, if a deal does present itself, should we assume that the only equity you'd be looking to raise with the amount needed specifically for that acquisition? So should we be concerned around maybe an over-equitizing scenario with a potential deal to further rightsize the balance sheet? Or do you think that's not really necessary given your trajectory and the rating agency conversations you've been having?
Lynn Good : There's a lot on that one, Shar. Let me start by saying what I would like you to take away and really investors to take away is that our growth story is an organic one. And I look at all the progress we've made in simplifying the portfolio has brought us to this moment where we're fully regulated with transparent, robust capital that will unfold over the next decade in constructive jurisdictions, growing jurisdictions.  And at the same time, we've also put in place and work through energy policy, modernization of regulations, so that gives us a high degree of confidence that we can execute those plans and deliver returns to investors. And so when I think about growth for Duke, our sole focus is on this organic plan that's in front of us. And so any idea about M&A has to beat what we have in front of us, and it is an increasingly high hurdle because of the confidence we have in our plan. So this notion that we're going to over equitize something to chase an asset and strengthen the balance sheet is just not a narrative that is supported by anything that we're focused on here to do.
Operator: We have our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good morning. Thank you very much. Just wanted to go back to Shar's question on just back half trends, et cetera. Can you elaborate a little bit more on just how you're trending on versus rates? And then also specifically, even quarter-to-date, if you will. July, I mean, it seems like weather may have been pressured again here. Just chiming in a little bit on where we stand even through the summer.
Lynn Good : So Julien, let me give a try and Brian may have heard more in that question than I did. So let me start with 2023 financial plan. Before we start considering the impact of mild weather, the plan was always back-end loaded. So if you think about -- we are in the midst of rate cases in our largest jurisdiction.  We put interim rates in new effect of DEP June 1. Full rates will go into effect October 1. The largest jurisdiction, DEC, interim rates will go on September 1. So the plan was always back-end loaded, and I think that's important for you to recognize. And then the mitigation that we've added to that is obviously going to be back-end loaded. You'll begin to see some of it in third quarter, a stronger amount of it in the fourth quarter. And so when I think about July, just consistent with what you saw on the front page of every newspaper, hot, hot, hot, it was hot in our jurisdictions as well. So we had a positive weather story in July. And we'll be monitoring August and September and give you more on where we are in the range after the third quarter. So hopefully, that answered it, Julien. I don't know, Brian, if you have anything to add.
Brian Savoy: No, thank you. You got it covered.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. All right. Excellent. And then just also a further follow-up, I mean obviously, it's an intense amount of focus here just with the willingness to engage or any further thoughts on the willingness to engage in inorganic growth, has that changed at all in the last few months? You've seen the backdrop, right, whether the utility valuations at large, grown, et cetera? Just any further thoughts around that backdrop.
Lynn Good : Julien, I would leave you with our sole focus is on organic growth. Sole focus is on organic growth. Because when we look at what we have in front of us and our ability to drive growth with the capital plans that sit in our jurisdictions, we believe that we'll deliver the greatest value to shareholders.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. I think that was quite clear. Thank you very much. 
Operator: We have our next question comes from David Arcaro from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
David Arcaro : Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Thanks about the FFO to debt range and the target 13% to 14% for this year. I was wondering if you could give a sense of kind of where in that range you're tracking given some of the pressures that you've been experiencing so far? And also just latest thinking on timing for when you can get comfortably above that 14% level?
Lynn Good : David, I would say the primary pressure in '23 centers around deferred fuel, and we've given you a sense of how that is tracking. So we're expecting to collect about $1.7 billion of that in '23, which will strengthen the balance sheet. We also have the commercial renewables sale, where we'll see proceeds of about $800 million before the end of the year. That is also credit positive. But as you indicated, weak weather goes the other way. And so stronger weather in July and hopefully a stronger third quarter will be an offset to that. So we feel like the 13% to 14% range remains an appropriate consideration for '23 strengthening into '24. Would you add anything to that, Brian?
Brian Savoy: I would say the final lap of the deferred fuel recovery in '24 will move us into that 14% range, coupled with the North Carolina rate cases that are going to be in place in -- for the full year in '24. So those are big catalysts as we look forward. And the IRA benefits will start inuring in larger quantities as we move into the middle part of the decade as well.
David Arcaro: Okay. Understood. That's helpful. And then secondarily, with interest rates rising again, I'm wondering if that's representing an incremental headwind to your plan? Just how you're managing that exposure on some of your short-term debt outstanding and also refinancing’s and new debt issuances as they come up.
Lynn Good : Yes, David, you're rightly focused on that as are we. Interest rates higher for longer, weakness here with mild weather. So we are working through that, using all the tools you would expect us to use to [indiscernible] up the interest expense, but also looking at the levers we have within our financial plan to offset that as well. So it represents something that gets a great deal of attention, and we're working our way through it. And I would again note that we're reaffirming our guidance range for '23 and continue to believe we can grow at 5% to 7% over the long term based on the fundamentals in the business. And as we move through these rate cases, I would just also emphasize that interest rates are being reset as we go through rate cases and that's an important consideration, as you know.
David Arcaro: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: We have our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Jeremy, your line is now open.
Jeremy Tonet : Hi, good morning. Just wanted to come back to the drivers to this year, if I could. And as you noted, weather, inflationary pressure, higher interest rates, all represent headwinds, but I wanted to go to the load a little bit more. At the beginning of the year, you assumed 12-month retail load growth would be about 0.5%. I think in weather normal retail growth right now is down 2.7% year-to-date, and you expect to H2 '23 low growth to be flat to 0.5%. So just wondering for -- what trends you're seeing in load that are different than expectations? Do you expect those to correct over time? And just any color that you could provide there would be helpful.
Lynn Good : Yes. Jeremy, let me give a start and I know Brian will have something to add to this. As we look at the various classes, residential load is below our expectation for the year. But I would say to you as we look at residential load, it has been weak in the months when weather has been mild. So I actually believe we've got some in precision. We've talked about this. It's hard to figure out what's the economy and what's weather. And so we're talking about $0.30 of weather headwind, but that could be a bit higher in that some of the volume weakness in residential is weather related. Commercial has exceeded our expectations. And so Commercial is tracking exactly as we would expect. And then industrial, we've seen some pullback. We've seen pullback in a couple of sectors. But fundamentally, over the long term, because of all the growth we're seeing in our industrial and commercial sectors, we think the fundamentals there are strong. So residential, a little bit of a weather story. Commercial on track. Industrial, a short-term pullback is what I would leave you with. And Brian, how would you add to that?
Brian Savoy: Yes, I would say in the industrial sector, Jeremy that we're in regular dialogue with our large customers. We talk to them. We understand that with the uncertain economic backdrop, there's some prudent inventory management going on. We've gotten through a lot of the supply chain challenges over the past several years and inventory levels are in a healthier spot. So they're like, well, as we're -- looking forward, there could be some clouds coming. So let's just be prudent. So we've seen a slight dial down in usage, but we don't see that persisting into the long term in the future. So I would just take it at that. And the bottom line is that the economic development investment in our territories is strong, and it's going to produce increasing levels of demand for large customers as we look through the middle of the 20s and into the 30s.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful there. And then just kind of coming back to prior questions and bringing a finer point to it. There's been media stories talking about Duke's interest and PSNC. And so based on what you're saying before, Duke is not interested in PSNC? Or would that fit into your organic growth story?
Lynn Good : Jeremy, I don't think it's appropriate for me to comment on another company's process. But what I would like to emphasize and have you take away is that our sole focus at Duke is on our organic growth plan.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. I’ll leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Steve, your line is now open.
Steve Fleishman : Thanks. I think my main question was answered there. But one other one, just on the North Carolina in terms of the DEC case. When might we -- if you're going to be able to settle that one, what will be the time line for a potential settlement there?
Lynn Good : Yes, Steve, we're scheduled to be on the stand August 28. Rebuttal testimony was filed at the end of last week. So this is the time frame for discussions. And also in that time frame, we're expecting an order on the DEP case. So a lot of activity here in August, and we'll keep you informed every step of the way.
Steve Fleishman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions on the line. I will now hand back to Lynn Good for closing remarks.
Lynn Good : Very good. Well, thank you all for your questions today, you're interested in Duke. We'll have a chance to talk with many of you after the call and even visit some of you. We have an active August in front of us, and we'll be anxious to share with you not only the results of the rate case, but we have important integrated resource plans being filed this month that, again, we'll confirm and underpin the investment thesis here at Duke. So I appreciate your interest in the company and look forward to talking soon.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect the lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-09 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello everyone. And welcome to the Duke Energy First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. My name is Nadia and I will co-ordinating the call today. [Operator Instructions]  I would now hand over to your host, Abby Motsinger, VP of Investor Relations to begin. Abby please go ahead.
Abby Motsinger: Thank you, Naida. And good morning, everyone. Welcome to Duke Energy's first quarter 2023 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chair, President and CEO, along with Brian Savoy, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking information within the meaning of securities laws. Actual results may be different than forward-looking statements, and those factors are outlined herein and disclosed in Duke Energy's SEC filings. The appendix of today's presentation includes supplemental information and disclosures, along with the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Abby. Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced adjusted earnings per share of $1.20 for the first quarter. These results reflect a $0.22 headwind from weather with January and February ranking among the warmest winter months on record across our service territories. In fact, DEP had its warmest January and February in the last 32 years. In response, we've already taken action activating agility measures across the enterprise, which Brian will walk through with you in just a moment. With three quarters remaining, including our strongest quarters still ahead, we are reaffirming our 2023 guidance range of $5.55 to $5.75 with a midpoint of $5.65. We're also on track to deliver our long-term EPS growth rate of 5% to 7% through 2027 off the midpoint of the 2023 range. Before I turn to our regulated utilities, I would like to provide an update on the sale of our commercial renewables business. As you know, we have separate sales processes underway for the utility scale business and the distributed energy business. We are in the late stage of the process for both transactions and we'll look to update you in the near future. We continue to anticipate proceeds in the second half of the year. Moving to Slide 5, we're making meaningful progress in our strategic initiatives in each of our jurisdictions. In North Carolina, we recently reached a partial settlement with public staff [indiscernible], who represents DEP's industrial customers and the Duke Energy Progress rate case. With agreement on approximately $3.5 billion of forward-looking capital investments in the multi-year rate plan, the settlement represents a significant milestone on our journey to modernize recovery mechanisms in North Carolina. It positions us well to continue delivering value to customers, while supporting the cash flows of the company. The settlement also provides clarity on retail rate base of approximately $12.2 billion for the historic base case and depreciation rates that largely align with DEP's proposal. Further, we reached agreement on performance incentive metrics and residential decoupling. We were pleased to be able to work with public staff in [indiscernible] to narrow the open items in the case. These settlements are subject to approval by the North Carolina Utilities Commission. Evidentiary hearings began May 4 and are expected to conclude later this month. Interim rates will be implemented in June subject to refund, and we expect permanent rates to be effective October 1. The Duke Energy Carolina's rate case is about three months behind the DEP case and hearings scheduled to begin on August 21. Moving to South Carolina, the commission approved a comprehensive settlement in our Duke Energy progress rate case in February. Revised rates went into effect in April. We also recently received commission approval to securitize approximately $170 million of past storm costs at Duke Energy Progress.  In Florida, the commission approved our fuel capacity and storm cost request in March. Rates were updated in April and reflect recovery of deferred fuel costs over 21 months with a debt return. We’ll recover storm costs associated with hurricanes Ian and Nicole, as well as replenish the storm reserve over 12 months. We also continue to expand our renewable fleet in the study and responsible manner, adding four solar projects in March and April, totalling 300 megawatts. With these additions, we now operate 1200 megawatts of solar in Florida with plans to continuing adding approximately 300 megawatts a year going forward. In Indiana, we've had an active legislative session. The legislature passed several energy bills, including House Bill 1421, which was signed into law and allows quip and rate base for natural gas generation. These bills support our ability to execute our energy transition in Indiana while maintaining reliable and affordable power for customers. We are in the process of finalizing CPCNs, which we expect to begin filing with the Indiana Commission later this quarter. In Ohio, we reached a comprehensive settlement with the PUCO staff and multiple other parties in our natural gas rate case. The settlement, which is subject to commission approval, includes agreement on expanded revenue caps for the Capital Expenditure Program Rider. An evidentiary hearing is scheduled to begin on May 23. And in Kentucky, the commission is conducting an evidentiary hearing today on the electric rate case filed in December. If approved, new rates are anticipated to go into effect in July. We are making great progress on our strategy across our entire service territory, meeting our commitments, and advancing investments in a balanced way to better serve our customers. Our strong track record is reflected in our impact report, Duke Energy's 17th Annual Disclosure on Sustainability Topics. This comprehensive report was published in April and includes our goals and progress on a broad range of topics, including the energy transition. It also outlines our corporate citizenship and the value we're creating for employees, customers, and communities from economic development to environmental justice and to rescaling and redeploying workers. Before I turn the call over to Brian, let me take a moment to talk about our grid investment plan, which is $36 billion accounts for over half of our five-year capital plan. The grid is a critical part of our energy transition and with more than 320,000 line miles. We operate the largest transmission and distribution system in the nation. The foundation of our grid plan is focused on improving reliability and resiliency, preparing the grid for renewables, and enabling electrification. Our reliability and resiliency investments are centered on strengthening the grid against storms and security trusts and improving the ability to rapidly restore power when there's an outage. We're making targeted investments across a variety of programs, including self-optimize growth technologies targeted undergrounding, physical and cybersecurity upgrades, and upgrading lines and substations. Our investments are already making a difference as evidenced by our response to Hurricane Ian last fall, where we restored power in less than half the time of our Hurricane Irma restoration efforts in 2017. As highlighted on the slide, we've made great progress in establishing constructive recovery mechanisms across our jurisdictions. These mechanisms will also assist in recovering growth investments in a timely manner, mitigating lag and supporting balance sheet strength while delivering benefits to our customers. From grid improvements to installing renewables to advancing policy, we're taking collective action to transform and ready the system for the future. We have a clear path forward and are confident our investment plan will deliver sustainable value and 5% to 7% earnings growth. With that, let me turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Savoy: Thanks, Lynn, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with quarterly results and highlight key variances to the prior year. As shown on Slide 7, our first quarter reported earnings per share were $1.01 and adjusted earnings per share were $1.20. This compares to reported and adjusted earnings per share of $1.08 and $1.29 last year. Adjusted results exclude the impact of commercial renewables, which is reflected in discontinued operations. Within the segments, Electric Utilities & Infrastructure was down $0.14 compared to last year. As Lynn mentioned, these results reflect extremely mild weather in January and February, which drove a $0.22 headwind compared to normal. This is the most significant weather impact we've seen in recent memory. In addition to weather, lower volumes and higher interest expenses were partially offset by lower O&M and growth from rate cases and riders. Rate case impacts in the quarter were primarily driven by our Florida utility. Consistent with our current settlement terms, in January, we had an annual step-up under the multiyear rate plan as well as the impact of a 25 basis point ROE increase as a result of rising interest rates. Moving to Gas Utilities & Infrastructure, results were $0.04 higher year-over-year, primarily due to growth from riders and customer additions. Before discussing retail volumes, I'd like to take a moment to talk about our 2023 cost mitigation efforts and full-year expectations. We're currently executing the $300 million in O&M reductions that we shared previously, which were incorporated into our base plan to address interest rate and inflation headwinds. As we've said, 75% of these savings are structural and will be sustainable into future years. In response to mild weather in Q1, we've already activated agility measures, leveraging our scope and scale to identify further savings opportunities. As we've done in the past, we're looking to tactical O&M efforts and other levers. These include deferring noncritical work, reducing spend on outside services and limiting nonessential travel and over time, among others. We will be thoughtful about these efforts, keeping our unwavering commitment to reliability and customer service at the forefront of our approach. Looking ahead, residential decoupling in North Carolina will be fully implemented by 2024. But until then, we will continue to flex the agility muscle that we have done so successfully in the past. Turning to volumes on Slide 8. As expected, on a rolling 12-month basis, load growth has moderated closer to pre-COVID trends. When comparing to 2022, it's important to note that we had a very robust first quarter last year, which saw nearly 6% growth. In addition, nearly all of the Q1 weakness this year was seen in January and February when weather was extreme. In these situations, it can be challenging to precisely estimate the weather component of total volume variances. In March and April, when weather was closer to normal, volume trends were more consistent with expectations, giving us confidence that the full-year 2023 load growth will be in the neighborhood of 0.5%. Continued strong customer growth in the residential class also supports confidence in our outlook. The population migration we've seen into our service territory remains as strong as ever. In the industrial class, we're seeing some weakness in the textile sector as well as an isolated plant closure by an electronics manufacturer in the Carolinas. Lingering supply chain impacts also continue to be a factor impacting usage. With that said, fundamental growth remains strong. Many of our larger industrial customers are expanding, and economic development in our service territories continues to be robust. For example, our recently released impact report highlighted our final economic development results for 2022. Over the year, we partnered with our states to attract over 29,000 new jobs and $23 billion in capital investments to our service territories. These new customers, which represent several key sectors such as battery, EVs and semiconductors, will provide meaningful load growth as operations ramp up. We’re proud of these accomplishments, which support the communities we serve and give us further confidence in the long-term economic outlook for our service territories. Moving on to financial activities on Slide 9. We had a productive first quarter completing around 60% of our planned 2023 issuances. We’ve also been opportunistic taking advantage of market dynamics, which made convertible notes an attractive option. In April, we issued $1.7 billion of these notes to reduce our commercial paper balance and lower interest expense. Importantly, we made good progress on fuel proceedings during the quarter as well. In Florida, we received approval for a full recovery of the 2022 deferred fuel balance with rates updated April 1. We also filed in February for a recovery of approximately $1 billion of deferred fuel in DEC North Carolina. We expect to receive an order in August and for rates to be implemented in September. Filings over the summer will round out the Carolinas addressing the remaining uncollected costs. In addition, we continue to expect proceeds from the sale of commercial renewables in the second half of this year, which will be used for debt avoidance at the holding company. Combined, we expect these two items fuel collections and the completed sale will positively impact FFO to debt by 50 basis points to 75 basis points by year end. I know the balance sheet is top of mind for investors, and credit is at the forefront of our planning as well. In fact, our efforts and commitment to the balance sheet were recently recognized by Moody’s. In April following their Annual Meeting, Moody’s reaffirmed our current credit ratings and stable outlook at the holding company. This is further evidence that we have the right plan in place and are taking appropriate steps to maintain our strong balance sheet as we advance our energy transition and execute our capital plan. Moving to Slide 12. We remain confident in delivering our 2023 earnings guidance range of $5.55 to $5.75 and growth of 5% to 7% through 2027. We operate in constructive growing jurisdictions and the fundamentals of our business are strong. Our progress on key initiatives in the first quarter positions us well to deliver on our commitments as we execute the priorities that are important to our customers, communities and shareholders. With that, we’ll open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today goes to Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners. Shar, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning, guys.
Lynn Good: Good morning, Shah.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning. Just to confirm the short-term cost cut measures, Brian touched on. Those are incremental to the $300 million figure that’s out there. Are any of them potentially structural in nature? And I guess, the key question is, is where do you – I guess, where do you guys stand within the 2023 EPS guidance range under that normal weather assumption for the rest of the year? Are you still kind of comfortable within the range at this juncture?
Lynn Good: The answer to that is yes, Shar and let me talk about the various cost initiatives that are underway. The $300 million that we identified for last year, I would call largely structural. When we talk about 75% of it being achievable, it’s because we’re making fundamental changes and the way we’re completing work, staffing work, prioritizing work, et cetera. When we talk about the actions we’re taking in response to weak weather, I would call those more tactical. This is deferral, this is reducing non-critical work, third-party spend, expenses, those types of things that we have done so many times, as you know. And so the combination of all of these activities as well as the fact we enter any given year expecting a range of outcomes and establishing contingencies that are planning in case something doesn’t work out exactly as planned, we are confident in reaffirming the range of $5.55 to $5.75. And so we’ll continue to update you as the year progresses, but our [indiscernible] reaffirming at this point.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, perfect. And then just Lynn, commercial – obviously the commercial sale being in late stages new language, and you obviously took another $175 million charge. This is obviously the second charge to date. Could we maybe just elaborate why the expectations and the sale have come off more I mean, what’s driving the second revision of capital markets? Is it buyer interest? Just some sense there. And I guess, when can we see something announced? Is it 3Q? Is it closer to year-end? Thanks.
Lynn Good: Yes, sure. I appreciate the question. And we are continuing strong progress. We’re in the late stages and expect to be able to provide more information shortly on where we are. Given the fact that we have placed the business into discontinued operations, we continue to evaluate whether we have the right recognition of net book value on the financial statements and did take an additional impairment charge representing further progression of the process. I would say to you, though, that the estimated value that we see in this process remains within our planning assumptions. So there is nothing here that I would point to as a surprise for us as we move through the process. As we have continued the negotiations and marketing is complete, we’re in discussions with select bidders. And we have made a decision to separate the process involving, for example, two projects that we are a minority owner of and concluded that the natural owner is the majority owner based on discussions and negotiations that progressed. So you should look at all of this as a demonstration that we’re nearing the end of the process and we’ll be anxious to announce and give you further feedback as soon as that’s appropriate.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, perfect. I appreciate the extra color. Thanks guys. Have a good morning.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Julien Dumoulin Smith of Bank of America. Julien, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Hey, good morning, team. Thank you guys very much appreciate it. Look…
Lynn Good: Hi, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Hey, good morning, Lynn. Brian, I wanted to go back to some of your comments, and you specifically said credit is at the forefront of many people’s minds. In the last question, it was brought up about expectations evolving on the renewable sale here. Just want to be crystal clear about this, I mean, especially following the affirmation, barring any changes in CapEx here, which you obviously do in a fairly annual cadence, can you just elaborate a little bit on how you’re thinking about the balance sheet. It seems like you got a target here to get back to 14%. You talked about the 50 basis points to 75 basis points. But very specifically here, your comfort level with the plan and the need to address any further equity or equity-like considerations to expedite getting to that long-term target?
Brian Savoy: Thanks, Julien. And it’s the right question, and it is top of mind for us and for investors. Just thinking about what was the pressure we felt in 2022? It was really focused on deferred fuel, right? We under-collected nearly $4 billion of deferred fuel. We also had storm restoration costs of around $0.5 billion. So the balance sheet were $4.5 billion of cost that we didn’t plan for as we moved into 2022. We’re starting to recover that deferred fuel at DEP and Duke Energy Florida, Duke Energy Carolinas will happen later this year, and we put a chart in the slides to show that balance come off over the next two years. And as we recover those deferred fuel balances, along with the proceeds of commercial renewables, we feel that the balance sheet is where it needs to be the target of 14% FFO to debt is the right target with the right cushion to deal with contingencies that come year in and year out and positions us for no equity through 2027.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Excellent. Thank you for hitting that clearly, and good progress on the fuel. And then separately, Lynn if you can comment here, I mean, obviously a lot of different utility assets moving around, potentially changing hands here. Would love to hear your thoughts more specifically therein as you think about the options. You’ve got obviously a full plate in some respects on a lot of novel angles, especially in the Carolinas here, but can you elaborate at least your latest thinking around perhaps evaluating further assets here?
Lynn Good: Julien, I would say our primary focus at Duke is executing what we think is one of the strongest organic growth plans around. As you look at the clean energy transition going on in the Carolinas, Indiana, is beginning transition of generation as well with CPCNs coming yet this year. Florida is continuing to deliver strength with not only solar development, but also grid investment from the storm production plan. So we feel like we've got just a robust capital plan moving forward and strong jurisdictions. So our primary focus is on organic growth. As you note though, assets do become available from time to time. We will look at them if they make sense for us but we'll do so in a disciplined way that maintains a focus on our balance sheet, maintains our focus on growth, maintains a focus on constructive jurisdictions that recognize the right balance between utility health and customer value, and I'll just leave it there.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Excellent. And then if I could clarify earlier, just super quickly, with respect to the Indiana, obviously you've got this IRP out there, I'm just curious, a) if that could change your CapEx entry year, and b) if you have any further thoughts about what that could look like here?
Lynn Good: It’s a really good question, Julien, because we have continued to update the IRP in Indiana. Our coal retirement profile remains largely the same, but we are seeing increase in renewables as a result of the IRA, and we're also seeing the impact of Mica's new planning assumptions and how we ought to be addressing that over time. So we are on the verge of CPCN filings that will include both intermittent and non-intermittent resources. We will update the IRP again in 2024 and continue to evaluate whether we're moving at the right pace around the energy transition. I would say as we get into the back part of the decade, there probably is more potential in Indiana around that transition, but we'd like to work through this process to get it started in a way that makes sense for customers in the state. So more to come on Indiana, really pleased with the progress we're making.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Excellent. Thank you guys. Talk soon.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Brian Savoy: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research. Steve, please go head, your line is open.
Steve Fleishman: Hey, good morning. Thanks Lynn.
Lynn Good: Hi Steve.
Steve Fleishman: So just on the North Carolina settlement agreement, is there any other parties in the case? Are they opposed to it or are they are they just not taking a position? Where's kind of other parties if at all?
Lynn Good: Yes. Steve, I would say we're really pleased with public staff and the industrials two important parties and the case in Indiana. The Attorney General will be there as well as some of the consumer groups, environmental groups, et cetera. But we feel like the settlement is very strong with public, staff and the industrials. We also have a settlement on the performance incentive mechanisms, allocation and transmission, there're a host of things included. So we believe it's a demonstration of strong progress. We're on the stand starting, I guess May 4th of last week, and feel like we have a very strong case.
Steve Fleishman: Okay.
Lynn Good: So I can't speak to the other party on what – on what they may think about what we've put together, but I believe the strength of the settlement public, staff and Sigfois noteworthy.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Good. And then just in terms of thinking about a lot of the issue North Carolina over the years was just dealing with lag and the multi-year plans kind of helped hopefully deal with lag. Obviously ROE cap structures still need to be finalized, but is it fair to say the parts that you agreed upon here are kind of the pieces that would address kind of lag – regulatory lag in North Carolina in this settlement?
Lynn Good: I feel like it's a really key step in that direction, Steve, because for the first time, we have approval of forward capital in a way that gives us some confidence. And the construct of the legislation is such that we have an opportunity to adjust price as that capital is spent in a way that, as you know, is really new and new in the Carolinas and will reduce regulatory lag. So I think starting back with the legislation, we've been making progress towards modernization and now with the settlement have approval of that capital or have a settlement around that capital, of course, commissioned to approve in a way that we feel like we're making strong progress.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, great. Thank you.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Brian Savoy: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question goes to David Arcaro of Morgan Stanley. David, please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Arcaro: Hi, thanks for taking my question.
Lynn Good: Hi, David.
David Arcaro: Morning. Let's see, I wanted to check in just on the Florida 10-year site plan, I just wanted to confirm whether there could be upside to the CapEx outlook now that you've got in that filed.
Lynn Good: Yes, David, I would say we're continuing it with our progress of about 300 megawatts a year. And as we get deeper into the plan, I think we'll consider whether we're moving quickly enough. The multi-year rate plan for Florida runs through 2025 – 2024. The team is signaling me here. So effective 2025 will kind of reset that expectation in Florida, and we'll continue to look at whether we're, delivering the right amount of capital and customer value as we go, always focused on not only continuing to, develop renewables at a pace, but also delivering value to customers along the way.
David Arcaro: Okay. Got it. Thanks. And then also just wanted to follow-up on the Carolinas settlement. I was just wondering what your current thoughts are about potentially achieving a settlement at the Duke Energy Carolinas rate case now that you've been successful in getting the partial settlement at progress?
Lynn Good: David, I think our posture is always to look for ways to achieve settlement. If you think about the calendar of – or the procedural calendar of any rate case, typically parties file their positions and then you have an opportunity to sit down and discuss. We will of course pursue that in the DEC case as we did in this one. And we'll keep you updated as the summer progresses.
David Arcaro: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Bill Appicelli of UBS. Bill, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Bill Appicelli: Hi, good morning. Just was wondering if I could get some – color around the sales. Good morning. Some additional color around the sales trends. I know you commented that when you have the extreme weather, it can distort the weather normalization trends. But maybe just some more color around why you feel, better about the trend you saw in March and April?
Lynn Good: Brian, you want to…
Brian Savoy: Definitely take that, Bill. Thanks for the question. And I want to remind you that Q1 of 2022 was a robust quarter. We had 6% year-over-year growth that quarter, strengthen in all sectors. As we were coming out of the COVID rebound, that was the peak point. And so we're comparing to a high watermark and volume trends normalized to our expectations over the course of 2022. And when we looked at this year with extreme weather in January and February, as I mentioned, it's really hard to pinpoint what the, the true weather normalized volumes are in those situations. And when we analyzed March and April results, weather was close to normal in both those months and the volume trends were on track with our expectations for the year. So we do feel like this is bracketed into January and February as far as the weakness and we feel confident that our 0.5% load growth in 2023 and the long-term outlook around a 0.5% is right for us because of the customer growth we're seeing at 1.7% as well as the industrial expansions and economic development activity in our regions.
Bill Appicelli: Okay, great. Thank you. And then just one other quick follow-up, on the corporate and other, there was an $0.08 pickup year-over-year. I know you cited some investment gains. Can you just provide some color around that?
Brian Savoy: Yes. Bill, we have investments and Benefit Trust’s and other types of investments like that are captive insurer and market returns go up and down. We obviously had a strong first quarter S&P was up around 8% and that was reflected in the market returns in that section.
Bill Appicelli: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Brian Savoy: Thank you.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions. I'll now hand back to Lynn Good, Chair, President and CEO for any closing comments.
Lynn Good: Well, thank you and thanks to all of you who joined today and for your interest and investment in Duke. We're available for follow-on questions after this call and look forward to talking soon. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. This now concludes today's call. Thank you so much for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-09 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Thank you for attending today's Duke Energy Fourth Quarter and Year-end 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to pass the conference over to your host, Abby Motsinger, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may proceed.
Abby Motsinger: Thank you, Joel, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Duke Energy's Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Review and Business Update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chair, President and CEO, along with Brian Savoy, Executive Vice President and CFO.  Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking information within the meaning of securities laws. Actual results may be different than forward-looking statements, and those factors are outlined herein and disclosed in Duke Energy's SEC filings. The appendix of today's presentation includes supplemental information and disclosures, along with the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures.  So with that, I'll turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Abby. Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced adjusted earnings per share of $5.27, closing out a successful 2022. We achieved results solidly within our updated guidance range while making significant progress on our strategic goals, responding to external pressures and delivering constructive outcomes across our jurisdictions. As a result, today, we're reaffirming our 2023 guidance range of $5.55 to $5.75 with a midpoint of $5.65. We're also reaffirming our 5% to 7% growth rate through 2027 off the midpoint of our 2023 range. This reflects the strength of our regulated businesses, our disciplined approach to cost management and a robust $65 billion capital plan that supports our thriving jurisdictions.  Before I turn to our regulated utilities, let me provide a brief update on the sale of our Commercial Renewables business. The sales process continues to progress. But as with the sale of any large-scale business, the timing tends to evolve. We remain on track to exit both the utility scale and the distributed energy businesses and now anticipate proceeds in the second half of the year. We will continue to keep you updated along the way.  Turning to Slide 5. We've reached a significant milestone in our clean energy transition. On December 30, the North Carolina Utilities Commission issued an order adopting an initial carbon plan. This constructive order is the culmination of years of work with policymakers and stakeholders to chart a responsible path for the energy transition. The order recognizes the value of an all-of-the-above approach to achieving carbon reduction targets in a manner that balances affordability and reliability for customers.  The near-term action plan provides approval of 3,100 megawatts of solar and 1,600 megawatts of storage as well as transmission upgrades to support the integration of these renewable resources. The commission also approved limited development activities associated with longer lead time investments, including small modular nuclear reactors, pumped hydro and transmission related to offshore wind. And as part of an orderly transition out of coal by 2035, the commission supported planning for approximately 2,000 megawatts of new natural gas generation to maintain reliability. Through its order, the commission reinforced the importance of maintaining a diverse generation mix while conducting an orderly clean energy transition and was clear that ensuring replacement generation is available and online prior to the retirement of existing coal units is a shared priority.  The carbon plant provides a constructive road map that delivers on our strategic priorities and supports the needs of our customers and communities today and into the future. It supports our capital plan and provides the clarity we need to advance critical near-term investments. We look forward to continuing our progress through our updated carbon plant filing in North Carolina later this year.  Moving to Slide 6. We're making meaningful progress on our strategic initiatives in each of our jurisdictions. In North Carolina, we filed our first performance-based rate application for our Duke Energy Carolinas utility on January 19, which followed a similar filing for our DEP utility last fall. The request includes a multiyear rate plan to fund system improvements to meet the growing needs of our customer base, including $4.7 billion of capital projects that are expected to go into service over the 3-year period. These investments are primarily T&D-related projects that support the security and reliability of the grid as well as approximately $300 million of solar and storage investments consistent with the carbon plan order.  Our request is mitigated by a reduction in operating costs since our last rate case, evidence of our continued ability to manage costs to keep customer rate increases down. Evidentiary hearings are expected to begin in the third quarter and consistent with past practice, we intend to implement temporary rates in September, subject to refund. If approved, we expect year 1 revised rates to be effective by early 2024.  In South Carolina, we were very pleased to reach a comprehensive settlement in January with all parties in our Duke Energy Progress rate case. The settlement, which is subject to commission review and approval includes a 9.6% ROE, the continuation of deferrals for grid and coal ash spend and supports accelerated retirement dates for certain coal units. In fact, the settlement is on the commission's agenda for this afternoon. And if approved, new rates are expected to be implemented in April. We also plan to file an updated IRP in South Carolina later this year, which will take into account the carbon plan and the Inflation Reduction Act.  Turning to Florida. On January 23, we filed a petition to adjust customer rates for deferred 2022 fuel costs, less the impact of lower forecasted fuel prices in 2023. We are also flowing back IRA tax savings to our Florida customers as of January 1.  In Indiana, we're updating our IRP to reflect results of the 2022 RFP process, regional transmission operator requirements and the Inflation Reduction Act. We expect to begin filing for certificates of need for new power generation in the second quarter.  In Ohio, the commission approved in full our electric rate case settlement in December, which supports the recovery of grid investments to improve reliability and service for our customers.  In December, we also filed an electric rate case in Kentucky. The request reflects more than $300 million in investments we've made to strengthen the generation and delivery systems as well as updated retirement dates for our Kentucky fleet. As we advance our regulatory strategy, affordability remains top of mind. Brian will go into more detail on steps we're taking across our jurisdictions to lower costs for customers.  Finally, I want to highlight a well-deserved recognition for our Piedmont Natural Gas team. In December, J.D. Power ranked Piedmont #1 in residential customer satisfaction for natural gas service in the Southeast. This is the first time Piedmont has received the #1 ranking and is a testament to the commitment to our customers.  In summary, 2022 was an extraordinary year for Duke Energy as we made strong progress executing our strategy, responding to difficult external pressures and advancing our clean energy transformation. Our path forward remains clear. As we continue to navigate our energy transition, we will do so responsibly, preserving affordability and reliability for our customers and remaining good students -- stewards of communities. I'm confident that our strategy will continue to deliver consistent and lasting benefits to our customers, communities and investors.  With that, let me turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Savoy: Thanks, Lynn, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 7. 2022 marked a year of solid growth for our utilities. We achieved full year adjusted earnings per share of $5.27, above the midpoint of our updated guidance range. These adjusted results exclude our Commercial Renewables business, which was moved to discontinued operations in the fourth quarter. The classification of these assets as held for sale triggered a valuation adjustment of $1.3 billion, which is reflected in discontinued operations and GAAP reported results. This adjustment relates to the combined utility scale and distributed generation businesses and was within our planning range for the sales processes.  Moving to our adjusted results for the year. In the Electric segment, earnings per share increased by $0.36 in 2022, primarily due to higher volumes, favorable weather and rate increases in North Carolina and Florida. Partially offsetting these or higher interest expense and storm costs. Absent storms, O&M was flat to prior year, which was in line with our guidance.  In the Gas segment, earnings per share increased $0.07 and was primarily due to the Piedmont, North Carolina rate case and riders.  In the Other segment, unfavorable returns on investments and higher interest expense drove results lower by $0.15.  Turning to Slide 8. We are reaffirming our $5.55 to $5.75 guidance range for 2023 with the midpoint of $5.65. Within Electric, we expect retail volume growth in 2023 of roughly 0.5%. We also entered the year with updated rates for Ohio and Florida already in effect and we'll see growth from 3 Carolinas rate cases as we move through the year.  Additionally, we will continue to see growth from the grid investment riders in the Midwest and Florida, namely the Indiana TDISC and Florida SPP plans approved in 2022.  Moving to cost mitigation. We've identified $300 million of savings in 2023, which is primarily related to rationalizing our corporate and business support cost structures. Examples include streamlining IT support and reducing our real estate footprint. These cost reductions will be realized ratably over 2023 with approximately 75% of the savings being sustainable into future years. Partially offsetting these favorable drivers are higher financing cost as well as depreciation and property taxes on a growing asset base.  Within our Gas segment, growth drivers include the Ohio rate case currently underway, cost mitigation efforts and customer growth, partially offset by higher interest expense.  Finally, we expect the Other segment to be unfavorable due to higher interest expense.  Turning to retail electric volumes on Slide 9. In 2022, we saw load growth of 2.5%. These strong results were driven by residential customer growth of 1.8%, higher usage per customer from hybrid and remote work and a continuation of the post-COVID rebound in the commercial class. Our total retail load in 2022 was about 2% higher than 2019 pre-pandemic levels. This is equivalent to an average annual growth rate of around 0.5% when smoothing out the year-to-year fluctuations. In 2023, total retail load growth is projected to be roughly 0.5%.  Based on 2022 U.S. Census Bureau data, 3 states within our regulated footprint were in the top 6 for net population migration. This illustrates the robust customer growth experienced in our territories, which we expect to continue in 2023. We expect load growth in the commercial class to moderate this year following 2 years of significant growth. But the upside in industrial as easing supply chain constraints fuel a continued rebound for certain large manufacturers. Longer term, we expect annual load growth to be about 0.5% through 2027.  Turning to Slide 10. I'd like to provide an overview of our 5-year capital plan, which has increased to $65 billion. When compared to prior periods, the capital plan has steadily increased as we move further into the clean energy transition. This increase is net of removing almost $3 billion of commercial renewables capital, including the previous 5-year plan. This means that we've increased the regulated plan by approximately $5 billion, resulting in a 7.1% earnings-based CAGR through 2027.  While the investment needs of our utilities continue to accelerate, customer affordability remains front and center. Affordability has consistently been a pillar that governs our planning, and we have several tools to help keep rates low and assist customers who are struggling to pay their bill. First, the benefits of our cost mitigation efforts go back to customers over time, easing bill impacts as we recover capital investments. As I mentioned, we expect 75% of our 2023 cost mitigation efforts to be sustainable.  Additionally, we are targeting flat O&M from 2024 through 2027. Our long-term O&M trajectory is supported by smart capital investments within our plan, including modernized equipment and technology investments that will help reduce fuel and operating costs.  Next, the Inflation Reduction Act provides substantial benefits for carbon-free resources, including nuclear and solar PTCs and other renewable tax credits. We are beginning to incorporate these benefits and updated resources plans and rate adjustments. Over the next decade, we will fully leverage IRA benefits across all of our jurisdictions in order to maintain low cost for customers as we execute our clean energy transition.  Finally, assisting vulnerable customers has always been an area of focus. But since the pandemic, we worked even more closely with our communities and customers in need. For example, in 2021, we created a specialized team that partnered with agencies across our service territories and help connect customers to nearly $300 million in energy assistance funding over the 2 years.  Moving to Slide 11. Our ability to execute our robust capital program is underpinned by a healthy balance sheet, and we remain committed to our current credit ratings. In December 2022, we received $1 billion in cash proceeds upon the closing of the second tranche of the Indiana minority stake sale. We expect to receive proceeds from the Commercial Renewables transactions later this year, which will be used for debt avoidance at the holding company.  Turning to FFO to debt. We ended 2022 below our 14% target, largely due to deferred fuel balances. We have started recovering these amounts through established recovery mechanisms and we'll continue to file using mechanisms in place for the remaining balances. As we recover deferred fuel costs over the next 1 to 2 years, we expect FFO to debt to steadily improve and return to our long-term 14% target, demonstrating our commitment to our current credit ratings.  As we look ahead, about 90% of the electric investments in our capital plan are eligible for modern recovery mechanisms, which is critical to maintaining a strong balance sheet, mitigating regulatory lag and smoothing rate impacts. With the steps we've taken to reposition our business and improve our cash flow profile in the years ahead, we are not planning to issue equity through 2027.  Moving to Slide 12. Our robust capital plan, strong customer growth and constructive jurisdictions provide a compelling growth story. And our commitment to the dividend remains unchanged. We understand its importance to our shareholders and 2023 marks the 97th consecutive year of paying a quarterly cash dividend. We intend to keep growing the dividend balancing our targeted 65% to 75% payout ratio with the need to fund our capital. As we begin 2023, we are well positioned to tackle the challenges ahead and look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year.  With that, we'll open the line for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question is from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: So Lynn, just starting on the Commercial Renewables, it's good to see, obviously, you guys reiterated '23. Obviously, the range assumed midyear cash in the door. Just remind us on the EPS sensitivity per quarter from the delay. And I guess, where does this put you within the '23 range?
Lynn Good: Sure, we're continuing to target $5.65 and feel very confident with that. As you can expect, as we entered the year, we had a range of expectations around both timing and proceeds from the sale. And what I see now as being kind of a modest delay from midyear to later in the year, I don't see an impact. I think it's important to recognize that the growth is primarily driven by our regulated outcomes and the cost mitigation that's offsetting some of the external headwinds and those are on track as we expected and shared with you third quarter. So confident in the $5.65.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And then just a follow-up on -- I know, obviously, the $1.3 billion charge you took for commercial, you're obviously not the only utility that's done this. We had a peer took a charge yesterday. Is there anything to read on the ultimate sale price for the assets? I mean, obviously, we noticed word robust "fell off " the slides. I guess how do we take that charge relative to the ultimate sale price?
Lynn Good: Shar, I appreciate the question. I also appreciate how closely you all read the slides. We weren't intending to signal anything with the word robust. We feel good about the process. There's strong interest in the portfolio and we're moving forward. I think the thing to recognize on an impairment charge, is this an accounting adjustment that's really driven by the earnings profile of renewables, where a lot of the profit that's in the early part of the life, you then depreciate it over a longer period of time. So when you make a decision to exit before the end of the useful life, you've kind of set yourself up for an impairment. So I would look at it that way.  The takeaway is the strategic decision around asset remains unchanged, and we're on track for proceeds later this year.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. And then just one quick one for Brian, if it's okay, on the credit side. Obviously, trying to -- the prior plan had a 14% FFO to debt over 5 years. And now you guys kind of stated over the "long term." '23 target is 13% to 14% from obviously the deferred fuel balances and 13% is a downgrade threshold. I guess can you just talk on how the rating agencies are treating these deferred fuel balances? And how you're thinking about future balances? I mean, could another event trigger a downgrade as we're thinking about the balance sheet capacity?
Brian Savoy: We'll definitely hit that, Shar, and thanks for the question. We're working through the deferred fuel balances, through the regulatory mechanisms in place. And that's what the agencies are looking for. Looking to see, are you filing in line with the regulatory recovery that is established. Or are you making exceptions spreading that recovery longer. We've had really good success so far in North Carolina and South Carolina, and we have a couple more filings in front of us, both in Florida and Duke Energy Carolinas, North Carolina.  But these are working. The regulators understand our need to recover this in a timely manner from a credit position and the rating agencies are liking what they're seeing in how we're executing these plans in accordance with the tools in place.
Lynn Good: And Shar, the only thing I would add to that is we look at this and the agencies look at this as a temporary issue because you can associate it completely with the deferred fuel. And the fact that we have been able to work constructively through recovery mechanisms, and we can actually forecast how that balance is going to decline over '23 into '24, it gives us a lot of confidence on the metrics.  And of course, as you would expect, we're in conversations with the rating agencies every step of the way. This regulated portfolio that we have with the cash flows and constructive jurisdictions is really what underpins the credit ratings of the company, and nothing has changed around that risk profile.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thank you for the time and a pleasure chat. Just following -- so just with respect to the carbon plan here and obviously, the developments late in the year, you guys had -- you addressed it in part in the comments, but I'm just sort of curious, as you think about addressing some of the follow-up items here through the course of this year. Again, what is the flex in the capital plan? What exactly are you assuming today in some of the updates in the multiyear outlook? And specifically, as we've talked about before, how could the subsequent updates here impact probably more of the '24 outlook as you think about puts and takes in the CapEx budget? What could come out of this next [indiscernible]
Lynn Good: Sure. And thanks, Julien, for that. I regard the carbon plan order is a very constructive one that has given us real clarity on the near-term investments. So when you think about 3,100 megawatts of solar, 1,600 megawatts of battery storage, that capital plan is pretty well locked in for the Carolinas. We may see some marginal changes, but I would think about those as later in the 5-year period and really in connection with the next update. So I feel really good about the Carolinas.  Florida is also on track with the 10-year site plan and SPP and grid modernization. I think where we have potential and even potential upside is in Indiana, where we are earlier in the clean energy transition, moving through that process. We have estimates in the capital plan, but we'll be filing for CPCN later this year, and have more advanced dialogue about timing and approach. So I'm very comfortable with the capital plan and if anything, see a bit of upside in Indiana as we continue our clean energy transition.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Actually, since you mentioned it, just to probe a little bit. You said a moment ago, you assume a certain baseline in Indiana already in the latest plan. But as I heard you say a second ago, you're saying that there's more likely than not upside bias within that, but you have assumed something in the Indiana [indiscernible]
Lynn Good: Yes. We have an estimate. That's exactly right. We put an estimate in there, Julien, but we're filing an updated IRP later this month into March, then we're filing for CPCNs. So that will crystallize more specifically toward the end of this year into 2024, much in the way that the Carolinas has matured as we go through IRP filings. Now we have an order on the carbon plant. So that's the way I would characterize it. And if anything, I would say our estimate has been on the conservative side.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. Excellent. And then any developments or any thoughts around South Carolina here as you think about the opportunities that may exist there? I know, obviously, carbon plan principally think about North Carolina here. Any crystallization of a further alignment here in South Carolina, if I can call it that at all?
Lynn Good: Well, it's a good question, Julien. And I guess I'd like to step back and just point for a moment to a very constructive and comprehensive settlement that we were able to reach on the South Carolina rate case. I think that's an indication of just the incredible work that we have been doing with the stake -- with the stakeholders to continue constructive dialogue about where the company is going and what we're trying to accomplish.  And I appreciate your sensitivity on the word alignment because what we are trying to accomplish is giving both states the flexibility to put their fingerprints on an energy plan going forward. And we believe we're making progress on this. We actually had testimony in the carbon plan that laid out a structure that would allow states to opt in or opt out depending on their energy policy, and that is beginning to take some discussion in South Carolina, but that will progress over time. We believe we operate in an incredibly valuable system, and we'll work with both states on how to add resources to meet their needs, customer and policy needs going forward.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: So just a follow-up question on the Commercial Renewables impairment. The -- I think you announced it was for sale in the Q3 call. So is there a reason the impairment was not taken then and is being taken now? Is that because you have more information? Is that something else?
Lynn Good: So Steve, we actually made the decision -- final decision to sale in early November and announced it on the third quarter call. So that decision went through a governance process, Board approval, et cetera, in the fourth quarter. And as a result, the impairment goes in the fourth quarter.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. Okay. That's helpful. And -- but it does sound like the impairment -- the value that you have on now is consistent with the ranges that you've been expecting for the sale process.
Lynn Good: That's exactly within our planning range, absolutely.
Steven Fleishman: So nothing's really changed in your planning range. Okay.
Lynn Good: That's exactly right.
Steven Fleishman: My other question is on the rate cases in North Carolina under the new law, the new multiyear rate plan, how are you thinking about whether you'd be able to settle those cases or that they likely need to -- because they are kind of the first under the law and need to go through a full litigated process most likely?
Lynn Good: Steve, I think it's too early to tell exactly. And you may -- if you think back on our history, we have, from time to time, entered into partial settlements where you feel like there are elements of this case that can be agreed and then there are others that the parties believe ought to be put in front of the commission. You should know we'll explore discussions with all intervening parties through this process. And as we get closer to dates when testimony gets -- is ready to be heard and testimonies been filed by all the parties, we'll begin those discussions. But it's too early to tell the shape that it will take.
Steven Fleishman: I guess one last thing. The $300 million of O&M reductions, I know that's, I think, a number that you've had before, the 75% sustained. Can you just remind me, is that the same that you said before? Or does that number get [indiscernible]
Lynn Good: It is, Steve. No, it's the same. It's the same as what we said before. So thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley.
David Arcaro: Just on that topic of cost management, could you give your latest level of confidence in hitting the $300 million this year, what you're seeing in the backdrop in terms of it becoming more challenging, easing up of any of those inflationary pressures this year so far?
Brian Savoy: That's a good question, David. This is Brian. When we looked at the opportunities across the board last year to really position 2023 in a good spot, we identified areas in our corporate costs and business support that we felt like we could really align service levels with work prioritization. And we did this across the board, but a good example is in IT, right? We have about 1,300 IT systems. Well, not all are mission-critical don't need to be -- have the same level of support as others. So we really stratified our support levels. And we did that across IT, HR, legal, finance, we looked at across the corporate areas and found really structural opportunities that will remain for the long term. And that's why we feel like a lot of the 75% of the $300 million is sustainable.  And another area that was also very important to the cost reductions was our real estate footprint. In Uptown Charlotte, we're moving from 4 buildings into 1 new tower. That's reducing service costs on those assets as well as lease cost and depreciation. So inflationary pressures are not impacting our ability to hit that $300 million target. We've contemplated inflation in certain pockets in the portfolio as we look into the spin in 2023 in our planning horizon and feel good about the $5.65 target we have.
David Arcaro: Okay. Understood. That's helpful. And then I was wondering if you could just talk to -- what gave you the confidence in knocking up the CapEx plan for the '23 to '27 period. But then also on the rate base outlook, it looked like the 2027 rate base forecast had ticked up a decent amount versus the prior expectations. So I'm wondering if there are any other drivers behind that, too.
Lynn Good: David, as we come to capital planning every year, we take into account where we are with regulatory approval, where we are with integrated resource plans, et cetera. And so we have seen an increase in transmission and distribution investment. If you look at the carbon plant in particular, there's transmission that's been approved in order to open up more potential for renewables. And as we get out into '26, '27, those numbers also reflect what we expect to mature in subsequent IRP updates and subsequent regulatory approvals. So that's how I would answer. I don't know, Brian, would you add anything further?
Brian Savoy: No, I think as we move deeper into the clean energy transition, we expect the capital plan to increase year after year as well. So this is in line with our expectations as we move through the '20s.
Lynn Good: And I think that's an important point. As we were talking -- thinking back to the generation transition day kind of showing those charts about the 10 years. As we get deeper into the plan, more generation investment begins to show up earlier in the plan, more transmission and distribution. So you're beginning to see that and you'll see more of it in '28, '29, '30.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Nick Campanella with Credit Suisse.
Nicholas Campanella: A lot of good questions so far. So I guess conceptually, Brian, when you updated this plan in the third quarter, we were kind of at the height of inflation, interest costs, gas costs, et cetera. And now we've obviously seen some of those things roll over here since you've given the 5% to 7%. Does that put you in a better spot in the range now, given that dynamic? I'm just thinking long term through the plan here? Any comment that you could give on that?
Brian Savoy: Nick, it is a good question around long-term growth rate. And we feel good about our 5% to 7% growth. And we have a lot of things to figure out. I mean interest rates have moderated to some degree, but they're still moving up, right? The Fed is still moving it. Fuel costs have been on the downward trend, and we -- that's really good for our customers. But they could move up just as fast as they did in 2022. So right now, we're sticking to the 5% to 7% growth range and not signaling inside it anymore.
Lynn Good: I think the commodity price is coming down, Nick is a real positive for customers because you think about we still have deferred fuel to collect, but our estimates for cost of fuel in 2023 is coming off and that's a good thing. So we're pleased to see that. It's good for customers. It also takes a little pressure off of interest in financing. So we'll continue to take advantage of every bit of that.
Nicholas Campanella: I appreciate that. And to your point on the deferred fuel, 80 bps hit to the FFO and the '23 time frame here, and I acknowledge you have a path to get back to the 14% long term. I guess my question is, do you see sufficient headroom in your metrics at this point for unforeseen events like storms? And just how should we kind of think about the ability for the current plan to just handle any more kind of transient credit hits here?
Lynn Good: We feel very comfortable. The fact that we've absorbed $4 billion of deferred fuel and $0.5 billion of hurricane in 2022 alone, I think, is a strong testament to where we are, our scale, our ability to manage resources, et cetera. So we feel comfortable with it. We care deeply about maintaining these credit ratings. We think they're important and at the right level for the degree of risk in the business, but this is an opportunity that presents itself with the size and scale of our company where we can manage our way through blips of this type. More than a blip actually, $4 billion.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: I just want to round out the Commercial Renewables conversation a little bit, if I could. If there's any additional color you could provide on the sale such as where book value stands right now, portfolio tax equity position, asset level debt. Just trying to fuse together more on our side. I appreciate that it's a sensitive time given that you're selling the assets, but wondering if you could share any more details, particularly as it relates to book value.
Lynn Good: Yes. And Jeremy, let me comment on -- we feel good about the process, strong interest in the portfolio. We're not going to talk any more specifically around valuation. I hope you can appreciate that given where we are in the process. And I don't know, Brian, if you want to add anything to...
Brian Savoy: Yes. Jeremy, we referenced a $3 billion book value excluding the tax attributes mid-year and we had some projects we continue to invest in for the balance of the year and then took the $1.3 million write-down at the end of the year. So you can kind of walk it down that way if you want to think about book value.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. And then I just wanted to kind of pivot a little bit, you involved with a number of emerging technology partnerships, including Honeywell battery, [indiscernible] and TerraPower hydrogen pilot. Just wondering which technology here you're most excited about? And if you were going to move forward 10, 20 years down the road, which one do you think plays a larger part in the Duke portfolio at that time?
Lynn Good: Jeremy, it's a really good question. It's a really good question. And one of the reasons we are involved in so many different things is the obstacle for full-scale adoption has a lot to do with which technology can reach commercial scale with a supply chain that will support how much of it we need. I think about our path or climate report through 2050 has us a need of somewhere between 10,000 and 15,000 megawatts of what we call 0 emitting load following resources kind of in that late . So that could be hydrogen. It could be small modular reactors. It could be CCUS, it could be longer duration storage.  So the key being, again, though, we're not going to invest until they're affordable for our customers, and we can invest at the commercial scale necessary to make a difference. The small module reactor is something we're spending time on, and you would expect us to. We are the largest regulated nuclear operator in the U.S. sitting in a part of the world that embraces nuclear as part of the solution. But we also joined with a collection of Southeastern utilities to pursue a hydrogen hub. Because with all that carbon-free generation and all the solar we're going to have in this area, we think that's something worth investing in, really, as part of maintaining and preserving the natural gas infrastructure that has been so important to this region.  So I know it's a roundabout answer to the question, but we're not ready to put our finger on any specific technology as the solution, but we are advancing our work, piloting, advising, working as actively as we can to make sure these technologies are developing at pace so that when we do need them and are ready to invest, there will be something that makes sense for our customers.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Just all my other questions have been answered. If I may, I just had a quick clarification on the tax leakage portion of the commercial renewables sale, Brian, does -- so the message on the Q3 call was tax leakage is manageable given your other tax losses. I'm thinking about with this write-down, does that impact your sort of tax basis? And are you still saying that -- is the message still that the tax leakage is manageable? Or does that -- does the impairment charge change that dynamic?
Brian Savoy: Yes. There's no change to the tax position or a tax basis as a result of this impairment charge, so no change in message. We can manage it.
Operator: Thank you. That's all the time we have for questions today. I would like to turn the call back over to Lynn Good for concluding remarks.
Lynn Good: Well, thank you all for joining and for your investment in Duke Energy. We appreciate that. We feel like we've had a strong finish to the year and excited about 2023. And as always, we're available, Investor Relations and the senior management team for any further questions. So thanks for joining today.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. Please enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, all and welcome. My name is Brica and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Duke Energy Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Jack Sullivan, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Jack Sullivan: Thank you, Brica and good morning everyone. Welcome to Duke Energy’s third quarter 2022 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chair, President and CEO, along with Brian Savoy, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today’s discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking information within the meaning of securities laws. Actual results maybe different than forward-looking statements and those factors are outlined herein and disclosed in Duke Energy’s SEC filings. The appendix of today’s presentation includes supplemental information and disclosures and along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures. So with that, let’s turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Jack, thank you and good morning everyone. Before I begin, I’d like to take a moment and recognize the work of our team in responding to Hurricane Ian, one of the most powerful and destructive storms in U.S. history. Duke Energy mobilized 20,000 people working day and night to restore power to over 2 million customers across Florida and the Carolinas. And what’s more impressive is the speed in which we did it, with 99% of our customers restored within 72 hours. This is an amazing accomplishment and a testament to our strong corporation, the tireless effort of our restoration teams and the value of our grid-hardening investments. Moving to our financial results today, we announced adjusted earnings per share of $1.78 for the third quarter. We continue to see strong volumes from the electric utilities offset by lower contributions from commercial renewables due to fewer projects placed in service compared to 2021. Turning to the commercial renewables business, we have completed the strategic review and our Board has authorized the sale of this business. I will provide more context about this decision in a moment, but first, I’d like to address what this means for our 2022 earnings guidance. Beginning in the fourth quarter, we will move commercial renewables to discontinued operations and remove it from guidance going forward. Bringing focus to our core regulated businesses, we are updating full year 2022 adjusted earnings guidance to a range of $5.20 to $5.30. The $5.25 midpoint of this updated range represents our original guidance midpoint of $5.45, less the $0.20 contribution we originally forecasted for commercial renewables. The regulated utilities remain on track for 2022 with strong operating results offsetting rising financing costs giving us confidence in achieving earnings within this tighter range. Turning to Slide 5, in August, we announced a strategic review of the commercial renewables business, which includes our utility scale renewables platform in a smaller distributed generation business. As part of this review, we have worked with advisers to evaluate the strategic fit of these businesses and to test the market on valuation. We have received indications of interest for the utility scale business at attractive valuations and this process will continue through year end. We expect to announce a definitive transaction in Q1 2023 and close as early as midyear. We are preparing the sale process for the distributed generation business, which includes REC Solar and expect this transaction will follow a similar timeline to closing. The majority of proceeds from both transactions will be used to reduce holding company debt. This will strengthen the balance sheet and allow us to fund our clean energy transition with our common equity issuances through at least 2027. I am very proud of our commercial team who has remained focused on maximizing the value of the portfolio, continuing to expand our robust development pipeline and operating a renewables fleet with excellence. With this pending change in our business mix, I’d like to walk you through our earnings trajectory over the next 2 years. For 2023, we are introducing a guidance range of $5.55 to $5.75, with a midpoint of $5.65. This reflects 5% to 7% growth of the updated 2022 EPS midpoint of 5.25%. It also includes a partial year benefit from lower interest expense after reducing holdco debt with sales proceeds. Turning to 2024 and beyond, we expect to grow 5% to 7% off the $5.65 midpoint of our 2023 guidance range through 2027. The 2023 guidance range reflects what we know today, including the present interest rate environment, inflation, supply chain constraints and an economic forecast that continues to support positive GDP growth in 2023. But the economic outlook remains uncertain and we will continue to closely monitor trends. Consistent with past practices, we will do all we can to control costs to match challenges in our business while maintaining excellent service to our customers. As a result, we have increased our 2023 cost mitigation target from $200 million to $300 million. We expect about 75% of these savings to be sustainable over the long-term. We will keep you apprised along the way and look forward to sharing our traditional guidance package on the year end earnings call in February. Brian will provide more on our 2023 earnings drivers, but I want to underscore the strength of our underlying core utility business. We operate premier regulated franchises in growing service territories with constructive regulatory jurisdictions and robust customer-focused investment opportunities. They have always been the lifeblood of our company. And this portfolio transition will fully highlight the strong, predictable, transparent earnings and cash flows from our premier regulated utilities and strengthen our overall investor value proposition. Next, I’d like to take a few minutes to highlight some of the important strategic work underway throughout our jurisdictions. Moving to Slide 6, in October, we filed our first performance-based regulation application under HB 951. We filed with the North Carolina Utilities Commission requesting a review of the significant investments we are making for our 1.5 million Duke Energy Progress customers served in North Carolina. The rate increase would cover upgrades we have made to improve grid reliability and resiliency and to facilitate a clean secure energy future. Our application contains a traditional base rate case based on historical investments and known in measurable changes projected through April of 2023. Our request is mitigated by a reduction in annual operating costs of over $100 million since our last rate case. In addition to historic investments, our application includes gradual customer rate step-ups over the next 3 years to recover future investments we will make through the multiyear rate plan. This consists of roughly $3.8 billion of capital projects that are projected to go into service by 2025. Approximately 75% of which is related to transmission and distribution investments. Evidentiary hearings are expected to begin in the May 2023 timeframe. Consistent with past practice, we intend to implement temporary rates in June for the historic base case subject to refund. If approved, we expect year one revised rates to be effective by October 1, 2023. Turning to Slide 7, our focus on providing customers with affordable, reliable and cleaner energy continues to advance across each of our jurisdictions. In North Carolina, carbon plan hearings concluded in late September after almost 3 weeks and we submitted our proposed order at the end of October. During the hearing, we presented strong testament that confirms the need for our near-term development activities. The MCU team will make a final decision on the carbon plan by the end of this year. We expect to file a Duke Energy Carolinas rate case with the NCUC in early 2023. In South Carolina, we filed a rate case for Duke Energy Progress in September, as we continue to work on increasing system reliability and resiliency and enhancing the customer experience. To ease the impact of these investments on customers, proposed rates would go into effect over 2 years beginning in the first half of 2023. In Florida, the Public Service Commission approved our storm protection plan update in October. Over the next 10 years, we expect to deploy $7 billion in capital investments through this rider. Shifting to the Midwest and Indiana, we are updating our integrated resource plan. We have held the first of three public information sessions with stakeholders to share information about plans under consideration and we anticipate filing CPCNs for new generation resource needs with the Commission beginning in early 2023. And in Ohio, we completed a hearing in October for our electric distribution rate case. We expect to receive a final order by the end of 2022 or early 2023. Moving to Slide 8, I’d like to update you on our ongoing review of the clean energy provisions under the IRA legislation. High energy costs are top of mind for our customers and the IRA’s clean energy tax credits present an opportunity to help address those issues. We expect to qualify for a variety of PTCs and ITCs that will generate billions of dollars in tax credits over the next decade. These tax credits will be returned to our customers, lowering our overall cost of service and providing for a more affordable energy transition. We will continue to evaluate the impact of the corporate minimum tax as new information and guidance from treasury becomes available. Because of the credits generated by our substantial clean energy infrastructure investments, we do not expect this to have a material impact on our cash flows. In closing, we are advancing our strategy across our jurisdictions, balancing the progress of our clean energy transition while preserving affordability and reliability for our customers and communities. I am confident in our long-term earnings growth and ability to execute our strategy moving forward. As I look ahead, we are well positioned to deliver exceptional value to our customers, stakeholders and investors. And with that, let me turn the call over to Brian.
Jack Sullivan: Thanks, Lynn and good morning, everyone. I will start with a brief discussion on our quarterly results, highlighting a few of the key variances to the prior year. As shown on Slide 9, we had reported earnings per share of $1.81 compared to $1.79 last year. As Lynn shared, we are moving forward with the sale of our commercial renewables business and we will move those results to discontinued operations in the fourth quarter. For presentation purposes, going forward, our focus will be on the strong earnings profile of our core regulated operations, which delivered $1.78 in adjusted EPS in the third quarter. And on a year-to-date basis, our core operations generated earnings of $4.15 compared to $4.10 for 2021. Please see our non-GAAP reconciliation included in the earnings release for more details. Within our core business segments, Electric Utilities & Infrastructure was up $0.06 compared to the prior year, driven by higher retail volumes and lower O&M. Partially offsetting these items were higher depreciation costs on our growing investment base. We continue to be encouraged by the sustained retail load growth in the post-COVID environment and I will provide more on the volume trends in a moment. Shifting to Gas Utilities & Infrastructure, results were $0.01 higher than last year due to increases in riders in the North Carolina Piedmont rate case. And in the other segment, we were $0.07 lower primarily due to higher financing costs, timing of tax expense and lower returns on investments. Turning to Slide 10, I will touch on electric volumes and economic trends. On a 12-month rolling average basis, total retail volumes are up 1.7%, in line with our 2022 load growth forecast of 1.5% to 2%. In the third quarter, higher year-over-year volumes were driven by residential customer growth of 1.7%. We continue to see strong and steady migration to our service territories and continuing expansion in the commercial class, including higher data center usage. This was partially offset by lower industrial volumes, isolated to a few automotive customers experiencing supply chain constraints. We are closely monitoring how these factors and other potential economic dynamics are impacting our customers’ usage, but we continue to expect 2022 volume growth to land within our 1.5% to 2% range. Our economic development achievements to attract jobs and capital investment to our service territories were recently recognized by Site Selection magazine, which named Duke Energy, a top utility for economic development for the 17th consecutive year. We have continued to accelerate this work into 2022. We partnered with our states to win record-setting projects in North Carolina with semiconductor manufacturer Wolfspeak in South Carolina with BMW’s entry into the EVs market and in Indiana with the Stellantis Samsung EV battery plant. These projects and others announced throughout 2022 involve capital investments exceeding $20 billion and we will bring more than 24,000 jobs to our growing service territories. We will begin to see top line growth from these business expansions as we progress through the 5-year plan. We will breakdown the outlook for the fourth quarter on Slide 11. We are well positioned to achieve our updated $5.25 adjusted EPS midpoint for 2022. Year-to-date, our core regulated business has generated earnings, adjusted earnings of $4.15. We expect a solid finish to the year with continued strong performance in our regulated utilities. We have good line in sight to the remaining $1.10 in the fourth quarter. Let me take a moment to highlight some of the key drivers. Beginning with the Electric segment, we expect year-over-year revenue favorability from higher volumes, which were impacted by the Omicron variant in 2021, a return to normal weather and the Florida multiyear rate plan and other riders. Turning to gas, we e will benefit from rate cases and our integrity management riders. We will see lower O&M across our electric and gas operations. The timing of plant outages and shaping of O&M led to higher O&M in the first half of 2022 as compared to 2021. We saw this trend begin to reverse in Q3 and expect it to accelerate in Q4. Finally, we expect the other segment to be unfavorable to the prior year, primarily due to higher interest expense. Moving to Slide 12, I will highlight the key growth drivers for 2023 that support our $5.55 to $5.75 EPS range for the year. 2023 reflects the acceleration of investments in our clean energy transition across our service territories and the implementation of key provisions from House Bill 951. Beginning with the Electric segment, we will enter 2023 with load that is 2% higher than pre-pandemic levels. Going forward, we expect load growth to be back in line with our pre-pandemic consumption of flat to 0.5% growth per year. This will be offset by weather, which has been favorable year-to-date in 2022. Shifting to rate cases and riders, we have an active regulatory calendar across our jurisdictions. This includes three rate cases in the Carolinas and two rate cases in Ohio. In Florida, we will move to the second year of our multiyear rate plan with an updated 10.1% ROE. Finally, we see growth through continued investment in our electric and gas riders. Macroeconomic conditions remain dynamic. And as Lynn mentioned earlier, we’re exercising our business agility by increasing our 2023 cost mitigation target from $200 million to $300 million. We have a strong track record of pulling both structural and tactical levers to flex our costs to meet business challenges head on and are confident we can achieve these savings. Lastly, we will enjoy a partial year benefit of interest expense savings from reduced holdco debt with proceeds from the commercial renewables sale. Before we open it up for questions, let me close with Slide 13. With the pending sale of our commercial business, we will transition to a fully regulated business with robust investment opportunities, roughly $145 billion over the next decade. This also positions the company with a derisked earnings profile, giving us confidence in achieving our 2023 adjusted EPS guidance range of $5.55 to $5.75 and 5% to 7% growth rate. With that, we will open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We have the first question on the phone lines from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is now open.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, good morning, guys.
Lynn Good: Hi, Shar.
Brian Savoy: Good morning.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning. So when you guys put out a ‘23 guidance figure out there without a commercial deal actually being announced. I know obviously, you see robust interest but the ultimate transaction multiple here matters a lot. And can you maybe touch a little bit on your sort of level of confidence here ahead of selecting a better – do you have some firm offers that’s giving you this kind of visibility into ‘23 and to have this type of an EPS range or recent deals in New York, a good proxy? Have you narrowed down the bidders? I guess, – just some more visibility on this pending deal that’s kind of embedded in your ‘23 guide would be really helpful and if there is any conservative bend here? Thanks.
Lynn Good: Thanks, Shar. Sure. I would start by saying sure we have a lot of experience in dealing with portfolio transactions if you think about the history of Duke. And as we began the strategic review process, a lot of work has been done, not only to challenge our strategic assumptions, but also to do work in the market, hiring advisers, understanding the range of potential valuations, including soliciting feedback from the market and feedback from credible counterparties. So we do have indications of interest, robust indications of interest from credible counterparties and have a high degree of confidence that we will transact on this business. All of that went into our decision to announce the sale. So that’s kind of consistent with the way we would approach anything of this magnitude and this type of decision to do our homework before we announce. So when we look at the guidance range for 2023. We not only have commercial renewables contemplated, but the high degree of confidence will execute, but we have strong regulated growth. And we also have strong cost mitigation already in place and ready to go in light of some of the headwinds that we’re all experiencing in the economy. So I feel like we’ve put together a very credible guidance range for a company that represents 1 of the strongest regulated utilities in the industry, we feel like 2023 is off to a strong start.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then just tax leakage, I guess you guys have enough in plan to offset any kind of leakage there from the sale?
Lynn Good: We believe we can manage within this range, Shar. We wouldn’t have put it out there if we didn’t think we could do that, so high degree of confidence in executing and a high degree of confidence in the range.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Perfect. And then lastly, when turning to the carbon plan. Obviously, the commission has been very clear at hearings and then filings that intends to meet that December 31 deadline to have a fine to order and an initial plan in place? I mean, obviously, you guys highlighted last week, you filed the proposed order in the docket supporting a real wide range of different technologies. But everyone seems to be kind of in different directions. It doesn’t appear we have a lot of consensus, more over a dozen parties that are involved. So it’s a little bit more contentious than we would have thought. I guess how does the commission bridge these gaps, it seems to be a little bit of a tight time frame by year end? Thanks.
Lynn Good: Sure. Shar, what I would say to you is the feedback in this process is something that looks reasonable and somewhat predictable to us. So the solar industry is interested in more solar. The industrials are interested in low prices. Low income we’re interested in the impact to low income. Attorney general and the environmental community want us to go as fast as we can to reduce carbon. So as we look at how the hearing rolled out the testimony that we presented the case that we put forward, we felt like all of those positions were well understood, we’re well discussed in the hearing and didn’t find them surprising in any way, frankly. But that’s what creates kind of the fertile ground for the commission to make decisions. And the good news is, in the near-term, it’s all about solar and battery. And we have time on the long-term to make decisions about some of the more difficult pump storage, SMR offshore wind. And so we think there is a strength to our recommendation to use the next couple of years to look at development on those key technologies so that we’re prepared by the middle of the decade to make the decisions about where to go. So I would say a very good process, a very transparent process, not surprising in any way on where the parties put forward their positions. And I think the commission has a lot of good information on which to make their decision, and we expect them to do so by the end of the year.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Terrific, guys. Thanks so much and we will see about a week. Appreciate it.
Lynn Good: Yes. Thanks, Shar.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America. Please go ahead, Julien Dumoulin.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, Lynn and team. Thanks, guys very much.
Lynn Good: Hi, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good morning. Just following up on Shar’s question, maybe a couple of details tied to it. Again, I see the discount off. So can you talk a little bit about the partial year assumption of lower interest expense? Just what’s the timing assumed there? I know people are looking very carefully at these ‘23 numbers. So just if you can elaborate there. And then related, actually, I’ll just ask you the follow-up would be, can you elaborate a little bit on effectively the $0.30 of cost reductions of the $300 million how does that square with the earlier sensitivity you provided against interest rates at this point, effectively, where are you on ‘23 and beyond assumptions on sort of effectively fully offsetting that impact?
Lynn Good: Sure. And Julien, I think for planning purposes, we are thinking about the commercial renewables transaction is being mid-year. And we will know more as we get into the final round, bidding, etcetera, and hope to be able to give you more feedback in the February call. But I think midyear is the partial year would be the right planning assumption. And on the cost reduction, I think you’ll recall that back in the second quarter, we had undertaken something that we call the work reduction initiative, really focused on ways we can simplify work, use digital technologies in order to streamline our governance processes, our reporting processes, etcetera, and we were targeting $200 million. We were also, at the same time, looking at supply chain and looking at other things that we could do to potentially more tactically move O&M out of ‘23. And we were able to increase that $200 million target to $300 million. We have sized that, Julien, to give us confidence around the macroeconomic trends. So when I look at interest rates, for example, we are in a position with the work that we’ve done to be able to hit this guidance range despite the headwind of interest rates. And as we look ahead beyond 2023, we have modest amounts of maturities in ‘24. And we also see the benefit of the IRA showing up more materially in 2024. I think we’ve talked about the nuclear PTCs being consequential for us. We see IRA is not only benefiting customers but being credit positive, cash flow positive to the utility. So we feel like we’ve got good plans in place here and are really pleased that we got after cost reduction. As you know, we always do early enough in 2022 that we have a high degree of confidence for 2023 and beyond. We think that the $300 million, 75% of it is sustainable.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And if I may, just to continue with that thought, the unsustainable piece, that remaining 25%. Is that order of magnitude pretty comparable to the interest savings that you get from the tailwind in the 24 from the first half of the year would be commercial renewables having a run rate impact on the sale?
Lynn Good: Julien, I haven’t thought about it that specifically because the way I approach every year is looking for a way to save money. So we may come up with some new ideas in 2023 for 2024. The continuous improvement mindset at Duke runs pretty deep, and we’re always trying to some ways to reduce costs.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And so the cash flow uplift on the nuclear side to your credit metrics, just to elaborate on that, if you can. I know things are still in flux a bit, but if you can quantify that?
Lynn Good: Julien, it’s several hundred million dollars, we believe. We believe our regulated fleet qualifies and we operate very low cost, very low cost nuclear units. And so we will be working with our regulators on the appropriate way to recognize those benefits. And those scenarios could have a range of passing it back over 2 years, 3 years, 5 years. And in the meantime, we have the opportunity to strengthen the balance sheet or the cash flows, if you will, from those credits.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thank you again. Good luck. I will see you soon.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We now have the next question from the line of Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead when you ready.
Steve Fleishman: Hi, good morning.
Lynn Good: Hi, Steven.
Steve Fleishman: Hi, Lynn. So just I think you just answered this on Julien’s question, but just to maybe ask again a little differently. So obviously, the cost cutting offsets a lot of pressures in ‘23 in ‘24 and beyond. As you mentioned, the cost cutting moderates, and it goes through regulated rates also and – but the holdco debt refinancing and stuff continues, assuming rates stay high. But it sounds like what you’re thinking is that the improved cash flow and performance at the utilities kind of could sustain the offset? Is that how to think about beyond ‘23?
Lynn Good: Steve, I would maybe expand the thinking to be a little broader on that. So we also use tools like interest rate hedging, which you would expect us to. We have $1 billion of proceeds from GIC coming in. we have the commercial renewable transaction. We have cost mitigation. We’ve sized it at $200 to $300 million in this year. That will carry forward, and we will continue to look for ways to drive costs out of the business. We also have the IRA coming. So I feel like we’ve got a variety of tools. And as we look at sort of the profile into ‘24, even in this present environment, we don’t have a lot of additional headwinds because of a relatively light maturity period. So I would think about all of those factors together and recognize that we are working very strategically to minimize these costs and to manage the business effectively.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Great. And then just in terms of thinking about kind of dividend growth, should we – given that there is some kind of reset a little bit on the earnings, just should we assume you continue at kind of a rate below the earnings growth for another couple of years before you move it up into the earnings growth range?
Lynn Good: Steve, it’s a really good question. And one we’re looking at closely, we had set a target of being in the 65% to 70% payout range. And in this 5-year period, we will be well positioned in that range. So our expectation would be to recommend a dividend increase at the right time in the 5-year period to match something closer to the growth in the business. But I think 2% is a good planning assumption for ‘23. We will look at it again in ‘24 and beyond. But this is something that’s getting a lot of attention in light of the derisking of the business in the light of the strength of the capital, the cash flow we’re anticipating and the work that we’ve done to moderate the payout ratio.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Steve. We now have David Arcaro of Morgan Stanley.
David Arcaro: Hey, good morning. Thanks so much for taking my questions.
Lynn Good: Good morning.
David Arcaro: I was wondering if you could just maybe elaborate a little bit more around the load growth backdrop that you’re seeing. And for the – it sounded like flat to 0.5% growth assumed into 2023. What are the puts and takes there? Is that conservative based on what you’ve seen so far this year? And then would be just curious on that industrial slowdown that you’ve seen, do you expect that to continue into 2023 as well? Is that factored in?
Lynn Good: And David, I’ll make a couple of comments and then turn it over to Brian. We use a conservative load growth assumption in our planning. We size our cost structure to be consistent with that. We – but when I look at the strength of the economy that we are enjoying right now and the volumes that are coming through, we have – we’re very well positioned. And Brian made a comment in his remarks that we’re already 2% above pre-pandemic levels, which I think is quite an extraordinary rebound. But Brian, how would you add to that and maybe talk a little bit about the industrial.
Brian Savoy: Sure. Yes. So first, on the general economy, David, we continue to see migration into our territories. And it’s driving both the residential and the commercial class. So those growth profiles are strong. And as Lynn said, we use conservative assumptions as we look out in future years to really size our business. On the industrial side, we’ve seen some companies with planned shutdowns this quarter. So we don’t feel like it’s a trend that’s going to linger. It was planned as well as some of the supply chain bottlenecks that continue to show up in different pockets industry. The automotive sector was on this quarter that surfaced. But again, those things are worked out over time and nothing systemic. So we are still bullish on all three sectors.
Lynn Good: No, David, some of the statistics we shared with you on economic development are also noteworthy. And that’s not even a complete list of what’s happened in 2022. North Carolina was rated number one for business for a reason, which low tax environment and a good workforce, great university system, and we have had an extraordinary year from an economic development standpoint. And we expect that to show up over the 5-year period.
David Arcaro: Got it. Thanks so much. That’s helpful. And then was interested in just expanding a bit more on the cost reduction outlook into 2023. What are you seeing for inflationary pressures right now in the O&M budgets? Obviously, the backdrop has been tough in terms of inflation pressures, but you are expanding the cost reduction aspirations into next year. Wondering just how achievable that looks and what pressures you are seeing in the current environment?
Lynn Good: We do see some inflationary pressures. I would point to materials. I would point to labor, but all of that, David was a part of the analysis that went into our cost reduction efforts. So, I don’t see anything happening in the inflation environment that’s impacting our commitment to drive these costs out of the business. And the other thing I would point to, a lot of the material inflation is showing up in our capital plan. And so we are monitoring that as well to make sure that we are spending capital in a prudent way to benefit customers.
David Arcaro: Okay. Understood. I appreciate it. Thanks so much.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: We now have Nick Campanella of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Lynn Good: Hi Nick.
Nick Campanella: Hey. Good morning everyone. Thanks. Hi. So, I guess just – thanks for the updates on the CAGR. It sounds like you are now kind of including the inflation outlook going forward. So, that’s great. And I recall on just previous calls and talking about the CAGR, you kind of talked about getting to the higher end of the range as the multiyear rate plans kind of come into effect and you kind of execute on this carbon plan. So, I am just curious if you could just update the investment community on if that dynamic still exists as we get to the out years here in the new CAGR? Thank you.
Lynn Good: Yes. Nick, thanks for that question. Let me start by saying we believe our regulated business with this clean energy transition, $125 billion of capital over the 10 years has the potential to achieve at the high end of the range. But given the dynamic economic environment that we are in right now, we believe 5% to 7% is the right range to use for the planning assumption and know that we will work every year to be as well positioned within that range as we possibly can. And we have talked about many of those puts and takes, IRA benefits, reducing O&M, all of these things represent opportunities as the plan unfolds and then further this very meaningful regulatory activity that’s underway is another key ingredient. The first all-year rate plan filing for DEP occurred this year. We are expecting another one – another filing for DEC in the coming year. So, we are putting pieces in place and trying to address the macroeconomic environment at the same time. And we believe all of this given the premier regulating utilities that we offer is a very strong value proposition for investors.
Nick Campanella: Thanks for that. And then I just wanted to pivot to renewables quick, acknowledging that you are moving away from the Commercial segment. But as you mentioned, you are doing a ton in the regulated arena. So, just – maybe just a general state of the state on what you are seeing in the renewable supply chain at this point. I see that you are still kind of executing in Florida with the 300 megawatts that went into service in 2022 as planned, but just general kind of comments on supply chain and ability to kind of get things done in the 5-year window? Thanks.
Lynn Good: Nick, thank you for that. And I think as we have talked over the last year with some of the challenges in the supply chain. We have always leaned to our regulatory – regulated business and make sure we have adequate supply. And we have extended our purchasing relationship with our suppliers to extend on a multiyear period so that we have confidence around supply into ‘26 and beyond with options to continue. We are putting similar arrangements in place for battery storage. So, we are confident in our ability to execute the regulated plan and have just so many opportunities as we pursue this clean energy transition. We are working to make sure we have got the supply chain, the labor, etcetera, and have been successful so far and see that continuing.
Nick Campanella: Excellent.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Durgesh Chopra of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead when you are ready.
Lynn Good: Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey. Good morning Lynn. I just had a quick follow-up, hopefully, quick, on the interest expense into 2023. Any color, Brian, that you can share as to what level of rates – interest rates are you using as we look out to 2023, particularly related to your variable there, so we can kind of do the sensitivity as we look out to the interest rate outlook here?
Lynn Good: Durgesh, the sensitivity of 100 basis points, representing about $0.12 is probably the best and cleanest without getting into specific detail on commercial paper and long-term debt, recognizing the tenor can fluctuate. I think that’s a really good proxy for you, and I would point you there.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. Perfect. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We now have Sophie Karp of KeyBanc. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Sophie Karp: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. So, a couple of questions here, if I may. First, with the sale of renewable business, does that present an opportunity for you to have conversations with rating agencies about reviewing and maybe improving your corporate trading? And what impact could it have on your borrowing costs?
Lynn Good: Yes. So, we keep a close relationship with the agencies. And by that, I mean sharing with them all of our plans, what we expect in terms of this transaction, the de-risking of the business. I wouldn’t expect though, given the magnitude of this recently 5% of the business that it would have an impact on downgrade threshold or anything of that sort. But it gives us an opportunity to de-risk. It gives us an opportunity to bring in some cash and all of that is important to the agencies, and we will keep them apprised every step of the way.
Sophie Karp: Got it. Thank you. And then on the cost-cutting initiatives you are talking about the total project that you are talking about the relieving [ph] process, especially given the inflationary environment that we are in and how some of your peers are struggling to control costs right now. So, could you just maybe share some, for example, I don’t know about what you are planning to do there. So, we can get a better sense of what the initiatives are with the cost controls, some of those…
Lynn Good: Sure. Yes. And Sophie, I appreciate that. And the one comment I would make is this is where size and scale matters because we have had an opportunity to drive costs through the supply chain as a result of that size and scale that has been helpful. But also a variety of other projects, we have been working on this over the course of the summer looking at work reduction efforts. And Brian, you might have some perspective that you would share on specific examples, maybe some of the reporting, the governance, the digital.
Brian Savoy: Yes. Certainly, Sophie and good morning. So, we really took a fresh look at the entire corporation and said, how are we going to get the work done, we need to get done. We prioritized certain roles over others. So, we said some roles had more purpose 5 years ago, and now they need to be repositioned. We looked at our real estate footprint and said, how can we optimize the real estate in this post-COVID world. So, there was an opportunity there to really reduce the amount of corporate real estate we operate. And we just looked at governance across the company and making sure that we maintain our controls, but will run a leaner organization. And it was really a grassroots effort where we got input from all of our teammates to try to figure out what are the best areas to execute on. We have over 200 initiatives. So, it isn’t a one-shot thing. It’s many, many small singles and bunt singles that are going to add up to this $200 million and that we have upsized to $300 million as we have looked at the opportunity set.
Lynn Good: Sophie, one example in Brian’s area that I would share, if you look at the amount of reporting that comes out of finance at Duke Energy, there is a lot of it. Not all of it results in decision-making. So, we view this as an opportunity to sweep through what kind of information do we give our operating leaders in order to manage their business. Similarly in IT, lots and lots of applications, right. Do we need all of them. Do we have applications that are only used for a handful of people and can we transfer them. With that, you have got license fees, you have got cybersecurity expense. You have people who maintain those systems. So, it’s things like that where you are just standing back and looking at all those corporate functions, the service levels we are offering and determine is there a way to do it leaner and more efficiently using technology. And as you would expect, when you look every few years, if those things opportunities arise.
Sophie Karp: Thank you so much for the color there.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Mike Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead when you are ready.
Lynn Good: Hi Michael.
Mike Lapides: Hey Lynn. Thank you for taking my questions and Brian. I think this is your first earnings call, leading as CFO. Congrats. I may be wrong. I may be getting so on…
Brian Savoy: It is, Michael. Thank you.
Lynn Good: Well, everybody remembers their first call, Michael. It’s true.
Mike Lapides: I could imagine. They should give out trophies or something like that. Hey, a couple of questions. One, can you remind me – one is short-term a little bit, Lynn, one is long-term. Can you remind me the cadence and schedule for filing both the North and South Carolina at Duke Energy Carolinas? That’s question one. Question two is kind of think of much longer term, which is many of the stakeholders in North Carolina in the carbon plan have expressed support for offshore wind? And yet if you look at the company’s developing offshore wind in the U.S. You have got one company on the East Coast that’s trying to back out of its PPAs, the signed contracts that they signed less than 1.5 years ago. You have got a large European operator and developer of U.S.-based offshore winds in its earnings call this week that returns and the progress of developing and installing offshore wind is facing headwinds. Can you just kind of talk about your views of some of the – I don’t know, I will call it offshore wind still a bit of an emerging technology, but just kind of how you are thinking about the risk reward for Duke relative to doing something as significant as that?
Lynn Good: Yes. Michael, thank you. And let me – I will do first rate cases. So, Duke Energy Carolinas, North Carolina will be filed in early 2023. You may recall that the sequence of these things, you host a technical conference to talk about the capital in the multiyear rate plan that occurred this week or last week recently. And then the rate case will follow. We have not yet announced timing or plans for a DEC case in South Carolina. So, more to come on that, and we will keep you updated along the way. Offshore wind is something that we believe is an option over this 2030, 2040, 2050 periods here in the Carolinas. It represents diversity of supply. It is a renewable resource system. But as I say all of that, we also recognize it’s expensive. It has transmission requirements, particularly here in the Carolinas, where you have got to get the power to the load centers that are further west than the coast. And so the approach that we are taking is one of studying and learning more and also allowing the commission and stakeholders and the communities that could be impacted by both the offshore and the onshore transmission to be involved as well. We will not move first and we will not move outside of the regulated business. So, the risk reward for investors and customers has to be appropriate in order for us to move forward. And so I would say we are in evaluation mode. We think it’s an important resource. We think it is important over this clean energy transition, but we are being deliberate and thoughtful and cautious as we move into it.
Mike Lapides: Got it. And then last question, just on energy reliability. Just curious how you are thinking about the near-term, meaning next 3 years to 5 years for your coal generation fleet, given the uptick in demand that you and some of your peers in the Southeastern states as well as in the Midwest. And just some of the details like in the Midwest so and elsewhere, that the grid operators and others have put out concerned about near-term reliability constraints.
Lynn Good: Michael, it’s a really good question. And what I would say to you is as we contemplated the various scenarios we presented in the carbon plan, as we contemplated the integrated resource plan in Indiana. And in fact, we are updating that integrated resource plan in India to include the new planning assumptions that MISO requires consistent with those reliability concerns. We will not present a plan that does not maintain reliability. And we will not retire assets that are needed to maintain reliability. And so that’s something that is being closely monitored. Our regulators completely understand and support that. And so I think we just have to work our way through it, making sure that we have replacement generation, transmission ready to go. The combination of resources ready to go so that when we retire, our customers can expect reliability. That is our commitment, and that’s the way we are planning and executing these transition plans.
Mike Lapides: Got it. Thank you and much appreciate it.
Lynn Good: Alright. Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to hand it back to Lynn for some final remarks.
End of Q&A:
Lynn Good: Brica, thank you and thanks to everyone who joined. We will see you in a week. We are pretty confident we will get to do this again, a small room for EEI. So, we look forward to seeing you then. Thanks again for your interest, your questions, and look forward to seeing you soon.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s conference call. Thank you all again for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Joanne, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Duke Energy's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call [Operator Instructions].  I would now like to introduce Jack Sullivan, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Jack Sullivan: Well, thank you, Joanne, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Duke Energy's second quarter 2022 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chair, President and CEO along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking information within the meaning of securities laws. Actual results may be different than forward-looking statements, and those factors are outlined herein and disclosed in Duke Energy's SEC filings. The appendix of today's presentation includes supplemental information and disclosures, along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures. So with that, let's turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Jack, thank you, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced adjusted earnings per share of $1.14 for the quarter, delivering strong results driven by continued growth in electric volumes and favorable weather. We remain on track to deliver within our original guidance range and are reaffirming our full year guidance range of $5.30 to $5.60 with a midpoint of $5.45. We're also reaffirming our long term earnings growth rate of 5% to 7% through 2026, up a midpoint of our original 2021 guidance range. Turning to Slide 5, I'd like to offer context on our announcement this morning to perform a strategic review of our Commercial Renewables business, which has been an integral part of Duke Energy's renewable energy platform over the past 15 years. Since 2007, we've built a portfolio of approximately 5,000 megawatts of Commercial wind, solar and battery projects across the US and established a robust development pipeline. While it represents less than 5% of Duke Energy's earnings, we're proud of the fact, it's among the top 10 largest US renewable companies. But as we look forward to the remainder of this decade and beyond, we have line of sight to significant renewable, grid and other investment opportunities within our faster growing regulated operations as we execute the industry's largest clean energy transition. We believe this is the appropriate time to review the ongoing strategic fit of commercial operations as we prepare for an acceleration in capital spending within our regulated businesses. Our strategic review will be thorough yet timely. We expect to conclude the review later this year or early next and we'll update you along the way. Today, our regulated utility operations represent over 95% of Duke Energy's earnings profile, and have long been the growth engine of our company. We operate premier regulated franchises in growing service territories with constructive regulatory jurisdictions and robust customer focused investment opportunities. Our regulated businesses are strongly positioned to grow within our earnings guidance range of 5% to 7%, providing consistent earnings and cash flow and supporting our attractive dividend. Turning to Slide 6, let me share an overview of the proposed carbon plan we filed with the North Carolina Utilities Commission on May 16th. We've already made significant progress in the Carolinas and this plan continues our transition to lower carbon resources while maintaining affordability and reliability. Our plan contains four portfolios that achieve the interim 70% carbon reduction target and carbon neutrality by 2050. Each portfolio presents a road map to lower emissions through an orderly retirement of coal, replacing it with a diverse set of carbon free and dispatchable resources. The primary difference among the portfolios relates to the pace of deployment and availability of replacement resources. As part of the filing, we've requested the approval of a defined set of near term activities to replacement resources needed regardless of the path selected. This includes new solar, battery storage, onshore wind and hydrogen capable natural gas. We also requested to begin early development of long lead time zero carbon resources, which are needed in the early 2030s, including offshore wind, small modular nuclear and pumped storage. These activities help us preserve option value for a broader set of resources. The results of these development activities will be filed in 2024 with an updated carbon plan, providing the commission with more information as they consider resource selections required to meet carbon reduction targets. We look forward to continued engagement with stakeholders as the NCUC finalizes the carbon plan by year end. Our proposed plan has also been shared with the Public Service Commission of South Carolina, and the final plan will be foundational to the next comprehensive South Carolina IRP in 2023. Moving to Slide 7. We have a robust regulatory and legislative plan that is underway in the vibrant economies we serve. Our thriving jurisdictions were highlighted recently in CNBC's Annual List of America's top states for business, which ranked five of the states we serve in the top 15, including North Carolina, which ranked number one for the first time. I'd like to touch on the progress we're making in each of our jurisdictions to continue providing affordable and reliable energy for our customers. In North Carolina, we expect to file a DEP rate case in the fourth quarter, and likely a DEC rate case early next year. Both cases will introduce the modernized rate making tools approved in HB 951, including multiyear rate plans, performance incentive measures and residential decoupling. The NCUC hosted a T&D Technical Conference in late July. DEP presented to the commission and stakeholders and discussed key transmission and distribution investments that enhanced grid resiliency and flexibility, and expand the use of renewables and distributed energy resources on our system. In South Carolina, Storm Securitization legislation was signed into law in June. This creates a valuable tool to recover prior and future storm restoration costs, while saving customers millions of dollars compared to traditional recovery mechanisms. We expect to file an initial application with the Public Service Commission of South Carolina in August, and expect to issue Store Bonds in late 2023 or early 2024. Earlier this week, we gave notice of an upcoming DEP South Carolina rate case. Our first case to be filed in South Carolina since 2018. We expect to file the case in September and anticipate rates to go into effect in the first half of 2023. In Florida, we have placed three out of four solar projects planned for 2022 online, and we remain on track to install a total of 300 megawatts of solar by the end of this year. Shifting to Indiana. The commission approved our $2 billion TDSIC plan, which includes grid modernization investments and improved reliability and resiliency. We will begin executing in 2023 following the completion of our initial TDSIC plan this year. In May, we received a robust response to our request for proposals for generation resources in Indiana. We're evaluating the proposals now and we'll incorporate the results into our CPCN filings later this year. And turning to Ohio. Our electric distribution rate case continues to move forward and the hearing is scheduled to begin in mid-September. In June, we filed an Ohio gas rate case, which is our first detailed review of gas base rates since 2012. Moving to Slide 8, I'd like to touch on the Inflation Reduction Act that was announced this week. Duke Energy has always advocated for policies aligned with our mission to deliver affordable, reliable and increasingly clean energy to our customers. And the clean energy tax provisions of this draft legislation do just that. If passed, the clean energy tax credits will lower our cost of service, which in turn reduces the cost to customers of our energy transition. Furthermore, the transferability provisions can help direct the intended value of these credits to our customers more efficiently. The bill also recognizes the important role that existing nuclear plays with nuclear PTCs awarded to operators of highly efficient nuclear stations. Duke Energy operates the largest regulated nuclear fleet in the US with some of the highest efficiency measures. As such, we would likely qualify for significant nuclear production tax credits, also to the benefit of our customers in the Carolinas. We're pleased to see the strong support of the clean energy provisions in this draft legislation and we look forward to tracking the bill's progress, and we'll keep you informed along the way. In closing, we have a clear path ahead of us as we execute our energy transition and I'm confident in our ability to continue to deliver value to customers and shareholders. Before I hand the call over to Steve, I'd like to comment on some important organizational changes we announced earlier this week. Effective September 1st, Brian Savoy, currently Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy and Commercial Officer, will become Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, succeeding Steve. Brian's deep financial acumen and broad business experience have prepared him well for this role, allowing for a seamless transition. Steve will become Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. One of Steve's main priorities will be to oversee the strategic review of our commercial renewables portfolio that we announced this morning. Steve is an exceptional leader and during his 40-year career, has played an instrumental role in transforming Duke Energy into the strong company it is today. He has been an extraordinary partner of mine and a trusted counselor and his commitment to our company, customers, communities and employees is deeply appreciated and recognized by all of our stakeholders. Brian also shares this commitment and will play a critical role in advancing our strategy while delivering sustainable value to our customers and shareholders. The depth of leadership at this company is impressive, I would say it's second to none. And these changes will further position us for success as we execute the industry's largest clean energy transition. And so with that, thanks to Steve, and let me turn the call over to him.
Steve Young: Thanks, Lynn, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with a brief discussion on our quarterly results, highlighting a few of the key variances to the prior year. As shown on Slide 9, we had reported an adjusted earnings per share of $1.14. This was compared to reported and adjusted earnings per share of $0.96 and $1.15 last year. Please see our non-GAAP reconciliation included in the earnings release materials for more details. Within the segments, Electric Utilities & Infrastructure was up $0.03 compared to the prior year. Results were driven by favorable weather, higher retail volumes and rate increases. Partially offsetting these items were higher O&M, including timing of outages as compared to last year and higher depreciation costs on our growing investment base. Shifting to Gas Utilities and Infrastructure. Results were $0.02 lower due to timing of O&M. In our Commercial business, we were flat with higher wind resources offset by fewer projects placed in service. And in the Other segment, we were $0.02 lower, primarily due to lower market returns on benefit trusts. Turning to Slide 10. I'll touch on electric volumes and economic trends. We continue to see strong volume growth, and our results for the second quarter were approximately 1.5% -- were up approximately 1.5% year-over-year. On a rolling 12 month basis, volumes are up 2.6% and are slightly higher than volumes for 2019, the last full year prior to COVID. We continue to expect our rolling 12 month volume growth rate to moderate throughout the year, but now forecast 2022 load growth between 1.5% to 2%, above our original guidance of 1.5%. Looking at the customer classes. Residential volumes were up 1.2%, bolstered by year-over-year customer growth of 1.8% and the continuation of remote and hybrid work for many office workers. Our Commercial and Industrial classes both increased 1.7%. Within Commercial, we saw the benefit of return to normal business hours. And in Industrial, our load growth was driven by a continued rebound for existing customers, coupled with new load for companies attracted to our service territories. We remain encouraged by our volume recovery, which is supported by the vibrant economies we serve. Moving to Slide 11. I'd like to go over timing considerations for the second half of the year. We expect third quarter adjusted earnings per share will be slightly lower than 2021, mainly due to favorable weather in the prior year, higher interest expense, tax timing and lower contributions from Commercial Renewables. This will be partially offset by higher revenues from rate cases, riders and wholesale. In the fourth quarter, we expect to see favorability from several drivers, including normal weather, higher loan, lower O&M and higher revenue from rate cases and riders. As we discussed on our first quarter call, we expect to hold O&M flat for the year, absent our first quarter storm cost. I'd like to take a moment to discuss several initiatives we're working on to respond to rising interest rates and inflation. To address these macroeconomic headwinds, we're targeting cost mitigation of $200 million across the enterprise beginning in 2023. The key areas we're focusing on are employee driven productivity and cost savings initiatives, digital automation, leveraging our size and scale to reduce cost to our supply chain, tax optimization and reducing regulatory lag through CapEx timing. We believe much of this will be sustainable, similar to what we achieved in 2020 in response to COVID. Over the long term, this effort will benefit our customers and help enable our energy transition, as lower O&M will moderate future rate impacts. For every dollar of O&M we eliminate, we can invest about $7 of capital without increasing cost to customers. Work is underway for each of these initiatives, and we'll provide additional details as we move through the process. Before we open it up for questions, let me close with Slide 12. We're off to a strong start in the first half of the year and are well positioned to achieve our 2022 adjusted earnings per share guidance range of $5.30 to $5.60 with the midpoint of $5.45. And this marks the 96th consecutive year of paying a quarterly cash dividend and the 16th consecutive annual increase. As Lynn discussed earlier, we are undertaking a strategic review of our Commercial Renewables business. We will keep you updated on any decisions from the evaluation and any impacts it may have on our future financial guidance. With that, we'll open the line for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: So Lynn, starting on sort of the Commercial news, there's a lot of renewable assets out there for sale right now. I guess, what prompted the process, why now, did you get unsolicited offers? And maybe just fine tune any sense on timing as we're thinking about presentation packages being sent out and data rooms being set up?
Lynn Good: And you know Shar, what I would say on timing is we have been looking at this for some time. I think you have known us to review our portfolio and make strategic decisions about the future a number of times in our history, and this is no exception to that. As we look at the pipeline of regulated investment that is in front of us, over the next many years, we believe this is the right time to step back and really look at the strategic fit of the Commercial business, because there's going to be competition for capital at Duke. And we think we operate a very strong Commercial business that can grow and grow well in the future, and we want to take the opportunity to evaluate as they're a better strategic owner at this moment. And as I think about other portfolios in the market, I believe there will be a robust market for these assets, given that it's not only operating assets, but also a development pipeline, a platform, a team of very capable developers and operators that I think have the potential to add a great deal of value. And if I focus just a moment on the pipeline, we have 1 gig to 1.5 gigs of near term projects that could be quite valuable in 2024, 2025, in addition to what we had planned for 2023. So when we think about our timing for execution, we commented that we'll be completing the strategic review by the end of '22 into early '23. We will move quickly to get information into the market. There is an interest in these types of assets from a broad range of buyers and would hope, Shar, to have more to share as we think about third quarter EEI and then moving into February of next year.
Shar Pourreza: And just Lynn, from a numbers perspective, I know you've highlighted that there could be a time in the future where you could need some equity to fund the incremental regulated capital growth opportunities that are out there for you. Could this potential sale, I guess, provide enough balance sheet capacity and threshold improvements where future equity needs are off the table even as capital growth opportunities accelerate? And just remind us what the basis and tax leakage is on the assets.
Lynn Good: And as we look at our potential to accelerate and what we believe the potential from this transaction represents, we do think it would postpone equity into the future. But I think we're getting a little bit ahead, because I don't want to comment on value. We have given you an indication that we think the right bias right now is to use the proceeds to avoid debt. It's a high interest rate environment, inflation, a variety of other uncertainties around the economy. But I do think it strengthens the balance sheet in a moment when we see accelerated capital, and that would lead to a period in which we can delay any further equity issuances. On tax leakage, let me turn to Steve just to make a comment on that.
Steve Young: A couple of comments here. The book value of this body of assets is approximately $4 billion, and that would include about $1 billion of tax attributes. And we don't see any significant tax leakage if a transaction were to occur.
Shar Pourreza: And then just one last one for me, and I'll jump back in the queue. Steve, there's a viewpoint that you may need to rebase. I mean is that a scenario or do you feel that just given the robust nature of the process and the demand for renewables that you could more than sort of offset sort of that lost earnings and maintain the current trajectory?
Lynn Good: Shar, I don't want to comment on 2023 guidance at this point. I feel like the process is early. We're going to be testing the market on value. We have given you a sense of how we're thinking about use of proceeds at this point. But what I would point you to is if we are successful in executing a robust transaction, which we have every confidence we will, then Duke Energy lessens volatility, we increase transparency. We draw focus and attention to this regulated business, which I would say it's one of the strongest franchises in the US with 5% to 7% growth and an ability to earn at the top half of that range as we deploy capital and move through the regulatory modernization that sits in front of us. And so I think that's the real takeaway. We'll keep you informed on this process every step of the way and bring guidance at the right time. But I think there's just a strong pipeline of investment and strong confidence in our ability to grow 5% to 7% on the regulated business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Just to keep going on this thought process. I mean, obviously, this has seemingly been in some thought for a little time. How do you think about the accretion dilution and the commitment of pursuing this through? And then related to that, just again, given some of the use of proceeds, considerations, is there a potential that this ends up taking some time all out to align with some of your CapEx needs through the course of the [decade]? Just think about some of the parameters here.
Lynn Good: And Julien, I'm not going to comment on value. I think we're too early in the process. We're testing the market. But we do believe we have a very strong set of operating assets, development pipeline, et cetera. We've given you an indication of use of proceeds, so I'd like to leave the comments there. And as the process progresses, we'll move forward and give you more information. The second part of your question, I lost the train…
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: No, I was just thinking about use of proceeds and then perhaps elongating it to align with your CapEx, again, more of a pushing you on the parameters that you alluded to a moment ago.
Lynn Good: So use of proceeds, as I said in my comments to Shar, our bias right now would be to use the proceeds to avoid debt. But Julien, as the review progresses, we get a better sense of the market, we're sometime in '23 likely, we will finalize that decision and keep you informed every step of the way. And as I think about the way this will work, when we reach a decision, we will likely move the business to discontinued operations. So the Commercial business would come out. We would give you very clear guidance on the regulated business, and we'll give you a sense of use of proceeds, so we can put all of those various pieces together. And we will do that when we have progressed far enough in the strategic process to have a sense of how to guide you into 2023. But I would point again too, this gives us an opportunity to really draw a great focus and attention on the Regulated business, which is poised to continue to grow at a very healthy pace.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And to keep going on some of the core operations here. Just with respect to some of the other moving parameters at present, any initial thoughts on the AMC impacts from IRA, again, I guess that's a moving target itself. And then related, obviously, continued success on cost mitigation, and kudos Steve. Just with respect to that, again, we feel fairly good about the outlook '23 onwards and some of the earlier comments that you've made. Again, I get that the gross level of inflation has potentially accelerated against what you guys had previously thought in establishing your EPS CAGR?
Lynn Good: Julien, we feel very confident in our ability to execute on cost mitigation. And I think if you track back, COVID and even prior to that, dating back to '15 and '16, we have consistently managed our O&M trajectory in a way that's not only been helpful to investors, but helpful to our customers. It's been part of keeping our prices low in all of our jurisdictions. We are looking at the Inflation Reduction Act, and we see meaningful benefits to customers from the renewable tax credits, the recognition of nuclear, the incentives around critical infrastructure. We will be impacted by the corporate minimum tax but we will also benefit from the credits, which we will pass through our customers. So we're in the early analysis of this, as I know so many others, and we'll be tracking it closely as you would expect us to.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: But not ready to quantify given the moving pieces et cetera, on [Multiple Speakers] debt and cash flow. Okay. Excellent. All the best.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nicholas Campanella with Credit Suisse.
Nicholas Campanella: Congrats to Steve and Brian on the new roles. I just wanted to ask, just go back to CEB quick, and I'm just thinking to -- think about contribution in total. Like what is EBITDA for that business? And then also, last quarter, I think you commented that CEB in '23 would be somewhat flattish to '22. So we've had some relief via AVCBD there. So I'm just trying to think of what is like ultimate loss earnings for those assets in '23, how we should we be thinking about that?
Lynn Good: Our target for 2022 is around $150 million of net income, which we kind of stepped down the contribution at the end of last year as we saw some of the challenges in supply chain and panel availability, et cetera. We also, in the last call, said we see a trending more in line with that for '23, because despite the favorable executive action, the delay and uncertainty that was created during that period of time really pushed execution of projects from '23 into '24. And so I'll leave it there. I don't know, Steve, if you would add anything to that.
Steve Young: No, I think that's correct. We had stepped down the contribution for those years in light of the supply chain issues. And we had kind of capped the earnings throughout our plan prior to that in the $200 million type range per year and stepped it down for the recent supply chain issues. So that's, I think about it in that fashion.
Nicholas Campanella: So just run with the $150 million. And then do you have EBITDA for that business that you're willing to disclose or…
Lynn Good: I'll leave it at that, the $150 million. And Nick, Jack and the IR team are available for any further follow-up on specifics.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan Chase.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to look forward to the ESG Day on October 4th. Are there any kind of updated metrics or any other kind of messages we should be looking for at that point in time?
Lynn Good: Jeremy, we're really looking forward to ESG Day, because we've had, over the course of this year, a chance to give you some visibility into new targets. So we added Scope 2 and Scope 3 emissions. So you can expect to hear more from that. We've also filed our carbon plan. We've also continued to progress our integrated resource plan in Indiana and have continued to build solar in Florida. So we will give you an update on what all of that could mean. You can expect ranges of capital to be discussed as we kind of take all of these plans into a more financial perspective at ESG Day. And then, of course, we'll comment on some of the social issues around environmental [justice, adjust] transition, affordability which is increasingly important, and then, of course, governance. You can expect to have a member of our Board join the conversation. So I think it will be a great day to really hone in on the clean energy transition story that we have here at Duke. We're not only making good progress but we have good plans and targets in place in all of our jurisdictions to continue that work.
Jeremy Tonet: And I just want to pick up with the carbon plan a little bit more, if I could. If you could just give us a little bit more flavor on stakeholder conversations. We hear some stakeholders might have different kind of concerns about the proposal. Just wondering if there's any sticking points or alternative pathways around that to get a sense on how that's all going?
Lynn Good: Jeremy, it's been a robust stakeholder process. And I would say to you, as we have been engaged in so many meetings and discussions, there are a wide range of topics being discussed but it's nothing that we would say is surprising. And one of the reasons that we put together multiple pathways is really to get all of the topics on the table, so that we could have the kind of discussion, the commission can have the kind of information they need to make decisions. So if I were to just comment briefly on the types of things that are under discussion, there's a lot of agreement on retirement of coal, there's a lot of agreement on near-term actions, particularly solar, storage, wind, a lot of agreement on energy efficiency, demand response being a part of the conversation, a lot of agreement on the need to accelerate integration of renewables, because it's not just a matter of naming megawatts, it's a matter of getting them interconnected. And then I think if I were to talk a little bit about areas of differing points of view, some are more aggressive on how quickly solar comes in. Some are more optimistic on the pricing of storage and pricing of offshore wind. Some believe we could do more onshore wind than what we consider. And then, of course, a lot of discussion on the attributes of natural gas, the assumptions on price and the role that natural gas should play. So in price, I put price as a top of mind consideration on the minds of our industrials as well as customers in general. So I think this just provides a fruitful menu of items and discussions that will result in a thoughtful plan. I think as you know, we have asked for authority to move on the no-regrets elements of the plan. Not to lock into any specific one, allow things to continue to mature, prices on certain technologies to continue to decline. And I think there will be just a really good discussion. Hearings are scheduled for mid-September. We will be filing testimony in late August. So there will be more data points along the way that we can share with you as this process continues.
Jeremy Tonet: Just the last one, if I could. Just want to touch on nuclear a bit here, and your understanding of the nuclear PPCs and as supply to regulated nuclear and level of benefits you see there. And just also if you could update us on Duke's involvement in SMRs and any thoughts on that technology going forward.
Lynn Good: You know Jeremy, we're digesting what we know about the Inflation Reduction Act at this point. We believe regulated plans are included in that consideration. And frankly, we're really pleased to see nuclear being recognized as a critical part of the clean energy transition. We're a believer of that at Duke. And as we look at the credits, we believe there's value for those, who are low cost producers, and Duke certainly is. So we'll learn more as this law progresses and have an opportunity to share more with you as we know more. And of course, the bill has to pass before we can give you any true specifics. On the SMRs and advanced nuclear, we are working on both technologies, I would say, an advisory capacity and a capacity to understand more to lend our operating expertise. We do not have an intention of being version one of anything, first of a kind. We would like to see a broader adoption of the technologies, a broader understanding of not only operating characteristics, but the commercial attributes of price, ability to construct them within a time frame that we're comfortable with. And so we see this decade of the 2020s as an important one to continue that work. And if it progresses as we all hope it does, we would be in a position to potentially invest in one to come into service in the early 2030s. So more to come on that. This will be a fruitful area of discussion in front of the commission. I think you know that we operate in the Carolinas for 50% of the power today comes from nuclear, so it's an important part of the equation in the Carolinas. And if there's a way to add to it in an economic way that's affordable to our customers and fits with the expectations of our regulators, we would welcome the opportunity to do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore.
Durgesh Chopra: Steve, congrats and thank you for your very patient CFO. Thank you for answering all of our very detailed annoying questions over the years. I appreciate it. Maybe just really quickly, is there any debt on the renewable assets that we are pursuing a strategic review on?
Steve Young: Yes, there is. There's about $1.6 billion of project debt on the Commercial Renewables assets.
Durgesh Chopra: And that's included in the $4 billion number that you gave us, the value I wasn't sure that was the equity value or the enterprise value.
Steve Young: Yes, that's correct.
Durgesh Chopra: And then Lynn, just wanted to get your thoughts on the -- conceptually on this transferability topic. Obviously, this version of the plan doesn't have direct pay, but it has transferability. How would you compare and contrast this versus tax equity? And as a concept what's the market for these credits? Just any color you could share there would be appreciated.
Lynn Good: Durgesh, we have been spending some time thinking about this. What we like about transferability is we do believe there could be some efficiency in the market to move cash, which would be valuable to our customers. It has been a concept that has been used for certain state tax attributes. But the market, I think, will be quite different if we introduce credits of this level. And so I think trying to forecast how the tax equity market would react to the introduction of this market and who shows up to be a counterparty for transferability is something we're spending some time on. I don't have all the answers. But we do like the introduction of another technique that more efficiently moves cash with a hope and expectation that a liquid market develops at a level that would monetize these credits for our customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Steve, congrats on the new role and same for your successor as well. Regulated capital spend that you laid out in your fourth quarter deck, relative to what we know today, just on the regulated side. Can you talk to us about the puts and takes about what maybe has moved around, maybe has some upside to it, maybe have some downside to it, when we think about that capital spend directional guidance?
Lynn Good: Michael, what I would say to you on regulated spend, I'm going to focus on the Carolinas just for a moment. We used one of the 2020 IRP scenarios to develop that capital plan, recognizing that we were going to put a carbon plan in front of the Commission, it needed to be reviewed. And so there will be a fine tuning of Carolina capital coming out of carbon plan. We also were on the technical conference on the multiyear rate plan and put forward recommended range of transmission and distribution that will be filed in connection with the cases that are upcoming. So there could be some fine tuning there. And then I think about just around the corner, we'll be opening up 27, when we come to the Street in February. And I think we've talked to you about the fact that we see an acceleration of capital in the back half of the year as we get deeper into the multiyear rate plan, deeper into coal retirements, deeper into replacement generation. So we do see that capital trending up and we'll have an opportunity to give you some perspective on that at ESG Day.
Michael Lapides: And that capital trending up, is that more of a post 2025 and maybe the '23 to '25 doesn't move a lot?
Lynn Good: Yes, I would think about it as post 2025, because honestly, Michael, 2025 is tomorrow for us, when you think about large infrastructure build. The other thing I would point to is there will be some fine tuning of capital in Indiana as a result of the Integrated Resource Plan, the CPCN process that we plan to file later this year. So that's another update that you can expect from us. Again, it will be more in the back half of the decade as we move more deeply into our clean energy transition in Indiana.
Michael Lapides: And then one final one, Lynn. Just curious on coal generation retirements, both in the Carolinas and in Indiana. Given supply chain issues for battery and a little bit for solar panels, as well as just given high commodity prices, does that have you rethinking the time line for coal power plant retirements?
Lynn Good: Michael, it's a good question, because there are puts and takes on that question from every direction. And what I mean by that, you've highlighted supply chain issues on the replacement side, you also highlighted fuel prices for natural gas generation. But frankly, coal, the supply of coal, the logistics of getting coal from point A to point B are also a challenge. And so we cannot assume that there is some steady-state perfect situation here. We have to manage all of this. And so trying to find the right balance between timing of coal retirement and replacement generation is something that we're spending a lot of time and attention to and also trying to ensure for the period of time that the coal assets are with us that we have a reliable supply. There have been labor shortages in the railroads, labor shortages in the mining community, the global market has impacted coal and pricing. So I would just raise that as another dimension to your question that we're also working on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Congrats on the new position, Brian and Steve, wish you best of luck. Just two quick questions. Lynn, one, I understand the size of the Renewal business relative to Duke. But do you think the sale of the Renewable business will have any impact to like ESG ratings that Duke Energy has such as, hey, maybe they're not as focused on ESG as previously?
Lynn Good: Anthony, I appreciate you asking that question, because I want to unequivocally say, no. Because when we talk about our carbon reduction targets, and what we're trying to accomplish by 2030 and 2050, it's all within our regulated business. So we have not taken credit for any Commercial Renewables in our clean energy targets that we have shared with you. It will mean that we'll have a fewer number of megawatts of renewables until that regulated renewable growth accelerates in the back part of the decade, because we'll sell some of them. But our commitment around carbon reduction, the clean energy transition is unchanged. All of our targets are on track and this will give us an opportunity at ESG Day to really zero in on that even more and make it very clear. But I appreciate the question because it's an important one.
Anthony Crowdell: And just lastly, on load trends, it looks like you're coming in maybe above your original 2022 guidance of 1.5%. I'm curious, what do you see long term? It seems that maybe the electrification of the economy is accelerating than maybe we previously thought. Maybe a couple of years ago, we were talking about flat as the new up. Do you think going forward, 1% or 2% may be the new norm as we -- hybrid work and all these other things come to benefit the electric utility?
Steve Young: Anthony, we look at that very closely. And back in February, we had projected that after '22, it was pretty flat. Our growth through the rest of our five year plan, electricity sales, weather normal was pretty flat. And we're keeping an eye on energy efficiency products that are getting rolled out in addition to electrification. And these are variables that we do look at as we project our load. We'll be updating that as we move forward. But right now, we're going to stick with pretty flat load growth throughout our planning horizon and hope for that upside on that.
Lynn Good: And Anthony, what I would add to that is we believe that discipline around cost management is really grounded in the fact we're not putting in overly optimistic assumptions on loads. So we manage our cost structure consistent with sort of a flat expectation on load growth. But when I look at some of the trends around in migration in the Southeast, I look at these economic development numbers and the business ratings of our states, we do have some tailwinds on growth, that I think we will enjoy for a period of time. But we continue to believe this flat to 0.5% is the best way to manage the business and always hope to be surprised to the upside.
Anthony Crowdell: My last question will be, Steve, you brought up about energy efficiency as maybe a headwind to demand growth. Do you think as we -- we had big energy efficiency gains in appliances, home construction over the years and we've just reached maybe the peak of the energy efficiency gains. And right now, we're just all really small gains that you're going to get with upgrading a refrigerator, a new appliance and that will be the pivot in demand?
Steve Young: Well, we'll continue to monitor that. We do see a desire to increase energy efficiency as part of carbon reduction plans. You'll see that as an increasing area, for example, in our North Carolina plan. And one of the things that's helpful to us as we move forward is we're also going to have residential unbundling as part of our multiyear rate plan. And that takes away that volatility for that large customer class on usage, whether it's weather or just growth as well. So I think we've got protection there if we saw economic issues or energy efficiency coming along to affect the top line demand.
Lynn Good: And Anthony, the only other thing I would point to is energy efficiency hasn't been uniformly adopted across all of our customer classes. So we do have an opportunity, particularly with low income and vulnerable customers, to continue to drive energy efficiency. And I also believe that home energy management technology, time-of-use rates, other things that give us an ability to help a customer move their usage around and minimize is an opportunity that will lower price to customers over time, giving us headroom for these clean energy investments.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. We'll now turn it over to Lynn Good to conclude the call.
Lynn Good: Great. Thank you, and thanks to everyone who has joined us today. A strong quarter, a lot of promise ahead. We're available this afternoon for questions as we always are. And again, congratulations to Steve and Brian on their new roles. So thanks again for your investment in Duke Energy.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-09 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Thank you for attending today's Duke Energy Quarter 1, 2022 Conference Call. My name is Amber, and I will be your moderator for today's call. All lines have been muted during the presentation portion of the call, with an opportunity for questions-and-answers at the end. [Operator Instructions]. I now have the pleasure of handing the conference over to our host, Jack Sullivan, Vice President of Investor Relations with Duke Energy. Mr. Sullivan, please proceed.
Jack Sullivan: Thank you, Amber. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to Duke Energy's first quarter 2022 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and CFO.  Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking information within the meaning of securities laws. Actual results may be different than forward-looking statements. And those factors are outlined herein and disclosed in Duke Energy's SEC filings. The appendix of today's presentation includes supplemental information and disclosures, along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures.  So with that, let's turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good : Jack, thank you. And good morning, everyone. Today, we announced adjusted earnings per share of $1.30 for the quarter, delivering strong results to start the year, driven by continued growth in electric volumes. That growth was partially offset by $0.07 of higher expense from severe winter storms.  I'd like to take a moment to thank approximately 19,000 restoration workers, who worked tirelessly to restore power to over 1 million customers across a series of winter storms, the most we've seen in eight years.  Despite the Q1 storms, we remain on track to deliver within our original guidance range and are reaffirming our full year earnings guidance range of $5.30 to $5.60, with a midpoint of $5.45. We're also reaffirming our long-term EPS growth rate of 5% to 7% through 2026, at the midpoint of our original 2021 guidance range. We're monitoring economic trends and will take action if necessary as we continue to execute the important strategic work we have underway in the Carolinas, Indiana and Florida. I will touch on this more in just a moment. Turning to Slide 5. We published our first ESG report in late-April that expands our historic sustainability themes and adds more insight on social and governance topics. We've included some highlights and key accomplishments on this slide.  We've got a strong track record in each of these areas and have established ambitious targets for the future. Our work has been recognized across the ESG community, including by MSCI, which upgraded our ESG rating to AA in February. We're also laying the groundwork for even more progress with our proposed carbon plan in North Carolina, our IRP in Indiana and our ongoing solar and grid investments in Florida. We look forward to sharing additional updates throughout the year and during our ESG Day on October 4. Moving to Slide 6. Let me spend a few minutes on North Carolina. There's a meaningful progress in the state implementing the framework set forth in House Bill 951. As a reminder, this landmark bipartisan legislation provides for a clean energy transition as well as modernize performance-based rate-making provisions, including multiyear rate plans, performance incentive measures and residential decoupling.  We've been working closely with stakeholders on the development of our proposed carbon plan, which we will file with the commission on May 16.  The plan will outline multiple portfolios to achieve the 70% carbon reduction target, including proposals around timing of coal plant retirements and resource additions. We expect substantial solar and battery additions, demand side management and energy efficiency opportunities in every pathway. Onshore and offshore wind will be presented for consideration as well as small modular nuclear reactors. Each portfolio has been rigorously tested for reliability and affordability for our customers. Following the May 16 filing of our proposed carbon plan, the commission will gather additional stakeholder input, make adjustments and approve a final plan by the end of the year. The plan will be updated every two years thereafter.  In February, the North Carolina Utilities Commission issued its order on rulemaking for performance-based regulation. And in April, the Commission issued its order on rule making for coal plant securitization. This allows our North Carolina utilities to securitize half of the remaining carrying value of certain coal plants upon their early retirement. Both orders were constructive, establishing processes that are fair, balanced and consistent with the policy objectives of HB 951. Another strategic priority for 2022 is to file a rate case, introducing the modernized rate-making tools approved in HB 951. The NCUC has established a process for these filings that include technical conferences on the multiyear rate plans prior to filing. We currently expect to file a DEP North Carolina rate case in the fourth quarter and likely a DEC North Carolina rate case early next year. Turning to Slide 7. I'd like to touch on the key initiatives across our service territories. In South Carolina storm cost securitization legislation continues to move forward. The proposed legislation has passed in the Senate and is now being heard in the House. If enacted, this legislation would provide an additional tool to recover prior and future storm restoration costs, creating significant savings for our customers as compared to traditional recovery mechanisms. Moving to Florida, we're making investments to harden the grid under our storm protection plan. We recently filed our updated plan, which includes $7 billion of capital investments over the next 10 years. In Indiana, we filed request for proposals for up to 2,400 megawatts of new generation through 2027, which includes both intermittent and dispatchable resources to support our transition from coal.  We're pleased with the response to our intermittent RFP, having received bids from 13 developers on more than 30 different projects totaling over 7,000 megawatts. On May 2, we received the bids for the dispatchable portion of the RFP and are reviewing them now. We expect to file CPCNs with the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission later this year. In November, we filed our second TDSIC plan in Indiana. The six-year, $2 billion plan includes investments to improve customer reliability, harden the grid and prepare for distributed generation. A hearing was held in March, and we expect to receive a decision from the commission in July. If approved, the program would begin in 2023. Shifting to the LDCs, we continue to make investments to build needed infrastructure, improve reliability and to comply with federal regulations. In South Carolina, we filed a general rate case in April. If approved, we anticipate revised customer rates will be effective by October. And in Tennessee, legislation was recently passed that will allow natural gas utilities to invest in low to zero emission capital projects. This legislation will help enable our decarbonization vision for our natural gas business unit and could serve as a blueprint for legislation in other states across the country. In closing, we're making progress on all fronts across our jurisdictions, meeting our commitments and executing our clean energy strategy. We have a clear path forward for 2022, and believe our investment plan will deliver sustainable value to shareholders and 5% to 7% earnings growth over the next five years.  And with that, let me turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Young: Thanks, Lynn. And good morning, everyone. I'll start with a brief discussion of our quarterly results, highlighting a few of the key variances to the prior year.  As shown on Slide 8, our first quarter reported earnings per share was $1.08, and our adjusted earnings per share was $1.30. This compared to reported and adjusted earnings per share of $1.25 and $1.26 last year. Please see our non-GAAP reconciliation included in the earnings release for more details. Within the segments, Electric Utilities & Infrastructure was up $0.10 compared to the prior year. Results were favorable due to higher volumes and base rate increases. Partially offsetting these items were higher O&M, primarily attributed to severe winter storms and weaker weather than last year.  In our gas LDC business, we were flat year-over-year, with contributions from rate cases and riders, offset by higher O&M due to timing and costs associated with new investments. Results from Commercial were $0.02 lower due to fewer growth investments compared to 2021, partially offset by favorability from fewer winter storms impacting our commercial fleet. And in the other segment, we were $0.04 lower, primarily due to lower market returns on Benefit Trusts. Turning to Slide 9, let me touch on electric volumes and economic trends. We started off the year with continued load growth, improving our rolling 12-month retail growth rate to 3.8%. This figure has continued to steadily improve over the past four quarters, as we've been replacing weaker orders experienced in the first year of the pandemic, with stronger quarters during the second year. We believe Q1 '22 represents the high watermark for this rolling 12-month figure and expect the growth rate will moderate as we move further into 2022, ultimately landing around 1.5% for the full year. This is consistent with the 2022 load forecast we shared on our fourth quarter earnings call in February. The favorable first quarter results for the electric utilities are mainly driven by sustained residential customer growth of 1.8% and the loosening of COVID restrictions for commercial and industrial customers. We also benefited from residential customers who continue to work from home and from incremental load in the Carolinas and Midwest as customers rode out several winter storms from home.  For commercial and industrial classes, we saw a continued rebound of our existing customers. And looking ahead, we will start to see incremental growth from new customers due to the outstanding accomplishments of our economic development team. In 2021, we helped attract nearly 12,500 new jobs and $6.2 billion in capital investment to our service territories, creating vibrant economies and accelerating growth in our communities. We have seen this momentum continue into 2022. While these results are a great start to the year, we are watching key economic indicators such as moderating GDP growth, rising inflation and supply chain constraints. We will actively -- we will activate agility measures and leverage our size and scale to counteract rising cost and secure necessary materials through vendor relationships, advanced ordering and other measures. This work will continue for all aspects of our business to control O&M costs, to secure the materials and services we need to execute our growth plan. With ongoing constraints impacting the global supply of solar panels, let me take a moment to address this matter. On our fourth quarter earnings call in February, we reduced our 2022 net income projection for the Commercial Renewables segment to approximately $150 million, down from our original range of $200 million to $250 million. This related to a strategic decision to prioritize our regulated solar projects with our existing panel supply. Having taken those steps in February, we are well positioned on all solar projects slated for 2022 across our regulated and commercial operations.  Looking to 2023 and beyond, we're closely monitoring the Department of Commerce investigations. We assess the timing of our solar projects. On the regulated side, we expect no delays in 2023. For commercial renewables business, we are targeting approximately 800 megawatts of solar in 2023 and have line of sight on roughly half at this time. Panels have been secured and PPA negotiations are underway. The remaining solar projects are in various stages of development and largely dependent upon panel price clarity. If delays persist, we may see a few projects shift from 2023 to 2024, resulting in the commercial business delivering more in-line with 2022. We are planning for a range of outcomes and have a pipeline of capital and agility levers to maintain our 5% to 7% annual earnings growth trajectory. As a reminder, our commercial solar capital for 2023 represents approximately 1% of our total CapEx for the five-year plan. Turning to our nuclear operations. Duke Energy owns and operates the largest regulated nuclear fleet in North America. As such, we have a significant inventory of enriched uranium product and have agreements with a diverse set of suppliers across several continents. Regardless of any potential sanctions related to the Russia-Ukraine war, our existing uranium inventories, contracts and supply flexibility are sufficient to fuel our nuclear fleet. Let me close with Slide 11. We are off to a good start in 2022, and feel confident of our earnings guidance range of $5.30 to $5.60, with a midpoint of $5.45.  Let me discuss the earnings profile for the remainder of the year. Compared to 2021 second quarter, we will see higher O&M, simply due to the different slotting of planned outages in a given calendar year. Additionally, the Florida rate settlement timing and wholesale contract recognition will pick up in the second half of 2022. The growth in the natural gas business unit, resulting from rate cases, riders and customer growth, will largely impact the fourth quarter. Turning to Commercial Renewables, the majority of the negative variance compared to 2021 occurs in the first half of the year. Again, we are on target for earnings in 2022, but these factors will impact the quarterly shaping of those earnings.  In conclusion, we continue to make meaningful strides in 2022 towards the advancement of our clean energy strategy, with a keen focus on affordability and reliability for our customers. Our attractive dividend yield, coupled with our long-term earnings growth from investments in our regulated utilities and robust service territories, provides a compelling risk-adjusted return for our shareholders.  With that, we'll open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America. Julien, your line is now open. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Hey, good morning, team. Thanks for the time and opportunity to connect here. Appreciate it and thanks for the details on the call. 
Lynn Good : Good morning. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Good morning, indeed. Just going back -- if I can go back super quick to the solar CapEx here and the conversation there very quickly. I think the key point was you're in line from '22 to '23, so kind of at that 150-ish level for '23. Again, you said if delays persist. Can you elaborate a little bit more about what that would look like if delays persist? And also, if you can, can you recap for us a little bit on the earnings recognition. Just how should we think about that the weighted sort of average of across your portfolio? How much of that ITC is being captured in that first year, if we think about sort of the mechanics behind that impact, if you will?
Lynn Good : Sure. And, Julien, I'll take a shot, and I'm sure Steve will have some things to add. I think the headline that I'd like to leave with you is we are on track in 2022 for both commercial and regulated renewables. So the earnings that we have been talking about, the adjustment that we made to 2022, we are tracking exactly to both of those.  For 2023, we continue to prioritize our regulated renewables and they are on track.  As we look at ‘23 for commercial, there is some uncertainty that's been created by this investigation really around price and how that price is going to ultimately impact project economics. So we are planning for a range of outcomes. And what Steve shared with you is that range could include something comparable to 2022 if the delays persist, or we have the potential to do better than that if clarity occurs soon enough so that we can keep projects on track.  I think it's important to recognize that this is a minor amount of capital in the construct of Duke Energy. And so as we think about 2023, we are confident in our 5% to 7% growth rate.  So on income recognition, I'll turn it to Steve to talk a little bit about that, Julien, and then we can circle back and see if we resolve these questions.
Steve Young: Right. Julien, on the ITC recognition, the past couple of years, the projects we've been looking at are three to five years, in that range, depending on the tax equity arrangement, but we've been in that range. The accelerated depreciation benefits have been overall perhaps five to seven type year spread. That's what we've been looking at. But again, as projects move, we look at what the needs are and what makes sense to the tax equity partner as well. But that's kind of where we've been.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Got it. Okay. Fair enough. And just to clarify there, so how much of that would be shifting? You have shifted, I don't know, half of your portfolio. How much of that impact that 23, just to maybe clarify that?  And then a second question, if I can. -- go forward, Lynn, please.
Lynn Good : Well, what we were trying to share, Julien is if we do end up shifting, our expectation is the '23 would be in the range of '22.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Yeah. Got it. Yeah. Forget the permutation is focused on the [Indiscernible].
Lynn Good : Yeah. And then as we look out to 2024, we believe that gives sufficient time, hopefully for these supply chain issues to resolve themselves more clarity on price. And we also see a ramp-up in regulated renewables by the time 2024 rolls around. So we're talking about moving a few projects in the commercial from '22 to '23 if this uncertainty persists. And we'll, of course be monitoring and updating along the way.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Right. Yeah. Clearly, and evidently, this time-related issue, so I very much appreciate that. Just a super quick second question. Just treasuries. You guys have the sensitivity in the slides, et cetera. Can you comment about the impact to your business today from the move in rates that we've seen? Against, lots of different ways to take that, Lynn, where would you go with it? I know you got this $0.12 [Indiscernible] out there?
Lynn Good : Yeah. And $0.12 is on the high end, Julien, as you would expect, because we're experiencing that interest rate really on short term at this point, and our dollar averaging into long-term rates. But Steve can take you through specifics.
Steve Young: That's right. We gave a sensitivity based on variable rate securities in the portfolio. But we -- some things that we've done to mitigate that very significantly have -- we've increased hedging over the past year and half on some of the securities that we knew we were going to be issuing in '22. We've got about 30% of the securities hedged for '22. And we've hedged even some in '23 that we know are going to occur.  So utilization of that, we've been opportunistically going into the market, working with tenure and timing, which, given our scope and scale, we can do pretty well. So we have significantly knocked down of the $0.12 impact to the plan that you might see through those techniques.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Got it. Okay, guys. Thank you all very much. Really appreciated. 
Lynn Good : Thank you, Julien. 
Operator: Thank you, Julien. Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research Partners. Jonathan, your line is now open.
Jonathan Arnold : Hi. And good morning, guys. 
Lynn Good : Hi, Jonathan. 
Steve Young: Good morning. 
Jonathan Arnold : A quick one on the carbon plan. Obviously, I appreciate you're going to tell us more about that -- tell everyone more about that in a bit. But, Lynn, you mentioned there will be several different options, and that'll encompass different technologies. But would you expect to make a definitive like preferred portfolio recommendation with your filing? Or is it more a range of options and then The Commission will sort of shape that decision on which one to choose?
Lynn Good : Hey, Jonathan, it's the latter. We're going to present a range of options on the 70% reduction and then that will be the subject of public hearings and review by the commission. And ultimately, it would be the commission's decision on pace, technologies, price implications, et cetera. And those portfolios reflect the input from stakeholders. So we've had three robust stakeholder meetings. We've also had a series of technical conferences to dig more deeply into topics that are relevant to the carbon plan.  So when we file this on Monday, Jonathan, we will come -- provide information to all of you on what's in there. And then, of course, this will be a centerpiece of our discussion over the balance of the year.
Jonathan Arnold : Okay. But there's not going to be -- we think this is the best one or anything like that from the sound of it?
Lynn Good : No. No.
Jonathan Arnold : Great. And then just on -- just in terms of what you're seeing on load and your comments about second quarter probably being the peak, I mean, how is the -- what you've seen -- sorry, first quarter, how has what you've seen in terms of the last few weeks relevant to the trajectory you expected when you gave that year-end 1.5% glide path, I guess? Are you -- has it tracked a little ahead or is it roughly on the line you would have thought? Or any more color you can give us there?
Lynn Good : Jonathan, I would say we continue to experience very strong growth in the Carolinas and in Florida and that shows up with customers, it shows up with economic development. And our results reflect that strength.  But we're also monitoring what's going on in the broader economy with inflation and GDP growth expectations. And so that has kept us at our planned level of 1.5% for the full year. And I don't know, Steve, if you would add to that?
Steve Young: Yeah, I think we're kind of out of the gate strongly here. But as Lynn said, we're not going to move off 1.5% at this time because there are other factors we need to think about we're early in the year. But it's nice to continue to see the migration in. And when people move in, the commercial is going to follow that, hotels, resorts, et cetera. And we're seeing robust industrial growth just in our service areas due to economic development efforts and just the general good business climate.  So hopefully, that will carry through and continue on. But we're off to a good start, but we got to keep an eye on it, not time to change the forecast.
Jonathan Arnold : Great. It's been good, but it's enabling you to be a little more conservative as you think about the rest of the year.
Lynn Good : That's right.
Jonathan Arnold : Great. Thanks so much. 
Lynn Good : Thank you, Jonathan. 
Operator: Thank you, Jonathan. Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Jeremy, your line is now open.
Ryan Karnish : Hi, good morning. It's actually Ryan Karnish on for Jeremy. Thanks for taking questions. Can I ask one kind of follow-up on the carbon plan filing. Can you just remind us how that ultimately will show up in your multiyear plan filing? I think you talked about DEP 4Q and DEC 1Q? And just kind of remind us of the big milestones to watch ahead of those filings.
Lynn Good : Sure. A couple of things I would note there. Well over 50% of the multiyear rate planning capital will be transmission and distribution investment. We will include some level of renewables and battery storage consistent with the carbon plan, really targeted for the end of the three-year period. So think about projects that would come in service '25-'26.  And the way the rate cases work here in the Carolinas is we do have an opportunity to continue to update capital beyond filing through the date of the hearing. So that will give us an opportunity to fully understand the approved carbon plan and to the extent that the adjustment needs to be made in capital, we would do so at that time.  So I would think about these things running in -- a bit in parallel, Ryan. But given that the majority of the capital is T&D, we don't expect a material impact on the multiyear rate plan from the carbon plant in this three-year cycle. A lot of impact in the next one.
Ryan Karnish : Got it. No, that makes sense, very helpful. And then just one on inflation maybe or supply chain impacts even outside of the solar. Just curious, you could hit on a little bit in the script, but just going to trends you're seeing across your cost structure. And how you kind of see that intertwining with your ability to kind of continue taking on O&M?
Lynn Good : We continue to see what you're hearing throughout the industry, whether it's raw materials, labor, of course, fuel costs have been front and center. But as Steve, indicated, we are addressing those risks with improved planning, with our long-term contracts, our scale, inventory, substitution, additional suppliers, just a variety of considerations.  And as we look at O&M in particular, we're confident in our trajectory that we had planned for 2022, and maybe a little background there, Ryan. We had originally been planning for a negative 1%. We raised that to flat, giving us some headroom. And so the combination of all the things I mentioned give us confidence that we're on track for O&M in 2022. And we have yet to see any impact to our overall capital plan as a result of these changes. We've been able to address even delays in supply chain, make substitutions in our projects and keep executing for our customers.
Ryan Karnish : Got it. No, that’s very helpful. Thank you. I’ll leave it there. 
Lynn Good : Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you, Ryan. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Michael, your line is now open. 
Michael Lapides : Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my ---
Lynn Good : Hi, Michael. 
Michael Lapides : Congrats on a good -- hey, Lynn. And congrats on a good start of the year. I actually have a couple. First of all, O&M. O&M, ex-storms, was up year-over-year. And if I understood Steve's comments correctly, you'll have some O&M pressure in the second quarter with outage schedules, I would assume. How should we think about what that means for the cadence and trajectory of O&M in 2022 ex-storms? Flat, up, down? And if it's down, is it more backend loaded?
Steve Young: We had targeted flat, Michael, and it will certainly be at least flat. Our agility efforts frankly, that we are putting in place, I think, could drive it downward. It will be back half. That's just the timing of when things are aligning. But absent storms, I feel good, certainly about being flat to potentially declining.
Michael Lapides : Got it. And I know you've got the RFPs coming in Indiana. And I'm just curious of the 2.4 gigawatts. Can you remind me how much of that is renewable versus conventional? And how do you think about what is potentially utility or cell phone versus kind of just under traditional PPA?
Lynn Good : So Michael, it breaks down almost 50-50. So 1,100 megawatts of renewable resources, 1,300 megawatts of electric generation. And we continue to believe that utility ownership is valuable to our customers. And we'll be putting that forward in our expectation of building renewables, buying renewables that there would be some degree of utility ownership.  And then we'll know more about the dispatchable resources. The results came in May 2. We're still digesting. The third-party administrator has not shared a lot of specifics on that. But if the renewable is any indication, we'll get robust responses to those resources as well.
Michael Lapides : Got it. And then last one. You mentioned quickly in the remarks today that you updated the storm protection plan in filings in Florida. Can you remind me how much of a material -- how material of a change relative to the original filing did that make to your capital spend plan and the revenue requirement for this year and the next couple of years in Florida?
Steve Young: Overall, the impact was about a $1 billion increase as a result of updating the SPP filing in Florida, Michael.
Michael Lapides : But $1 billion over 10 years, $1 billion over two years? Just can you put some cadence and timing around that for me, please?
Lynn Good : I would expect it to be back half of the decade, Michael. You may remember we're under a multiyear rate plan through early 2024. We'll be updating capital in connection with that filing. So it's not going to be in the next couple of years, it would be later.
Steve Young: That's right. It was a 10-year filing. So Lynn is right, it would probably be in the back part of the year. We'll catch some of that in the latter part of our five-year plan, but the bulk of it is going to be after that.
Michael Lapides : Right. And I thought that, that was covered via a tracker or rider and was separate from the core GRCs or forward-looking test years you have in Florida?
Lynn Good : It is.
Steve Young: That's correct. It is a rider. It started in late '21, and it's kicking in this year. That's correct. But most of that increase in spend with the updated filing will be in the latter part of the decade.
Lynn Good : And Michael, I would suggest that we look at all of these things. The multiyear rate plan, the storm protection plan is a part of an integrated approach to serving customers in Florida and really thinking about how the impact to price and schedule and our construction activities and our capital. So we plan them in a coordinated way.
Michael Lapides : Got it. Thanks, Lynn. Thanks, Steve. 
Lynn Good : Thank you. 
Steve Young: Sure. 
Operator: Thank you, Michael. Our next question comes from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Anthony, your line is now open.
Anthony Crowdell : Good morning, Lynn. Good morning, Steve. Congrats on a good quarter. 
Steve Young: Thank you.
Anthony Crowdell : Hey, hopefully, just an easy one. A lot of the focus on North Carolina, if I could pivot to South Carolina. Just wondering, I don't believe the state has a decarbonization target yet. I'm wondering when do you think we get more clarity from the state on the decarbonization target. And I guess how would that impact Duke's CapEx plan?
Lynn Good : Anthony, I would maybe pull up just a little bit to talk about the alignment between the two states that has existed over decades, whether you think about nuclear or even work around economic development to make sure that we've got investment going in both states.  South Carolina has a strong interest in renewable generation. You may remember Act 62 set out some parameters around renewable construction. And we will continue to work with the state on how the clean energy transition should occur so that both states are able to meet their objectives. And I would think about energy policy as being important to both states. The language may be slightly different. The approach, we believe, will be aligned and coordinated in a way that makes sense for our customers and for our investors.  So I'll leave it at that at this point, Anthony. But a lot of work going on to make sure South Carolina is completely up to date on all that is occurring. And I should indicate that they have been very active stakeholders in the carbon plan in the stakeholder meetings here in North Carolina.
Anthony Crowdell : Great. And if I could just sneak in one more. Just I think you guys have great clarity on the pressure on renewables. Again, it's probably, I think, 3% of Duke's overall earning. So a pretty small portion. But just -- I don't know if it's for Steve or Lynn, just what kind of toggle -- what kind of leverage would you pull to navigate maybe the pressure on renewables, if I think '23 is flat to '22? Do we look for maybe lower O&M in the utilities to maybe overcome that? Just wanted to clarify where the leverage would be to offset the pressure on renewables. And I'll leave it there.
Lynn Good : Yeah. Anthony, I would think about that. I would also think about acceleration of capital in other places in the business. So the types of agility levers we have pulled time and time again to maintain our trajectory.  And, Steve, I'll look to you to see if you'd add anything?
Steve Young: Yeah, I think that's right. We look at the rider mechanisms that we've got and the investments that we can make there. And our O&M agility is a core muscle that we exercise in these times. And given our scope and scale, we can look across the footprint. We can look at supply chain and various mechanisms within there as well. So a number of tools across the footprint in that vein, Anthony.
Anthony Crowdell : Great. Thanks for taking my questions. 
Lynn Good : Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you, Anthony. Our next question comes from David Paz with Wolfe Research. David, your line is now open. 
Lynn Good : Good morning, David. 
David Paz: Good morning, Lynn. How are you doing? Can you hear me okay?
Lynn Good : Yeah, we can. Thank you. 
David Paz: Great. So I appreciate the comments you made on the solar CapEx relatively modest in your current plan. Just curious, how should we think about solar post your current plans. So I think you've given us a range in the back half of the decade. Would you say it's going to be in a similar percentage points? Or was -- are we going to talk materially higher?
Lynn Good : David, the thing I would point to as I look at ‘24-‘25-‘26, we will be ramping renewable construction in the regulated business in a much more significant way than the short term, the '22-'23 that your customers are seeing.  So think about the Carolinas. We have not had a renewable build in our capital plan in the Carolinas, but that will begin to show up in '24-'25 and '26. We've talked about the fact that we will see an increasing amount of regulated renewables. And that will impact the way we think about capital allocation between regulated and commercial, you'll begin to see that in '24-‘25.
David Paz: Okay. Is it fair to say that whatever projection you have for solar in the Carolinas or at least North Carolina, your plan reflects the ownership level that you -- under the law, that I think is 45% of 50%?
Lynn Good : Absolutely, 55-45, 55% utility ownership. Yes.
David Paz: Great. And if I can ask a general question, maybe specific to Duke. But just can you talk in about the efforts that you and Duke and maybe the industry generally are conducting really to inform the administration about the DoC solar investigation and maybe just clean energy incentives generally?
Lynn Good : Yes. And David, I would say there's been ongoing discussion around clean energy policy, around renewable tax credits, around supply chain issues really dating back to the end of last year continuing into this one. We shared the goal with the administration of reaching a net-zero future. And so these elements that we're talking about are relevant to that conversation.  So we believe a timely and efficient resolution of the Department of Commerce Inquiry is important. We also believe that the renewable tax credits are important for our customers as you think about the level of investment that is planned to reach these goals.  So we're very actively engaged in policies that impact our goals for net zero. And I don't see that changing.
David Paz: Okay. Thank you. 
Lynn Good : Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you, David. This concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I will now pass the conference back over to Lynn Good for any closing remarks.
Lynn Good : Well, thank you for participation today for questions, for your investment in Duke Energy. And as always, we're available if there are questions or further follow-up on anything that we've covered today. And look forward to talking to you soon. Thanks, again.
Operator: That concludes today's Duke Energy Quarter 1, 2022 conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-10 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Duke Energy fourth quarter earnings call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Jack Sullivan, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jack Sullivan: Thank you, Samira. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Duke Energy's fourth quarter 2021 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking information within the meaning of securities laws. Actual results may be different than forward-looking statements, and those factors are outlined herein and disclosed in Duke Energy's SEC filings. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in today's materials and on dukeenergy.com. Please note the appendix for today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures. So with that, let's turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Jack, thank you, and good morning, everyone. During our call this morning, we're pleased to share our 2021 results and our outlook for 2022 and beyond, including progress on our clean energy transition. The fourth quarter capped off a strong finish to a very productive 2021 where we made great progress against our strategic and financial goals. As a result, today, we announced 2021 adjusted earnings per share of $5.24, putting us above the midpoint of our updated guidance range. We also announced our 2022 guidance range of $5.30 to $5.60 with a midpoint of $5.45, extending our 5% to 7% earnings growth rate through 2026, off the midpoint of our original 2021 guidance range. Our Clean Energy strategy requires significant investment, and we're now budgeting $63 billion in CapEx over the next 5 years, 80% of which represents investments toward our clean energy transition. This growing investment base in constructive and thriving jurisdictions give us confidence in our ability to earn within our 5% to 7% earnings guidance range throughout the next 5 years and in the top half of the range as our plan progresses. Steve will go into more details on our 2021 results and our updated 5-year financial plan. But before I turn the call over to him, I'd like to highlight some of the important strategic work underway. 2021 was a transformative year for our company. And in each of our 3 regions, we made meaningful progress, and we enter 2022 on strong footing. In North Carolina, leaders came together to pass House Bill 951. This landmark bipartisan legislation defines the state's clean energy transition and work is underway to implement it. The North Carolina Utilities Commission is developing rules on the performance-based rate-making provisions in the legislation. We're confident the commission will adopt a balanced set of rules that provide flexibility to implement performance-based rates in a way that achieves policy goals and aligns with customer interest. We expect an order later this week. The North Carolina Commission is also developing rules related to the securitization of 50% of subcritical coal plants upon their early retirements. We proposed a set of rules consistent with the North Carolina storm securitization bonds we issued last fall. Those bonds will save customers approximately 35% or $300 million over the next 20 years. We expect an order on securitization by mid-April. We plan to file our carbon plan in May after gathering stakeholder input over the next several months. HB 951 provides a framework to reach 70% carbon reduction by 2030 and the carbon plan will be a roadmap to achieve this objective. The plan we submit will have multiple portfolios, the way the costs and benefits, including reliability and affordability of various resource types. We will also evaluate with stakeholders and our regulators the full range of potential risks and opportunities related to new clean energy technologies. We expect an order on the carbon plan by the end of this year. In Indiana, we submitted an IRP in December after extensive stakeholder engagement. As the largest generator in the state of Indiana, we are retiring more coal and adding more renewables than any other Indiana utility. Our preferred scenario reduces carbon emissions from our Indiana fleet by 63% by 2030 and 88% by 2040 compared to 2005 levels. It adds over 7 gigawatts of renewables over the 20-year horizon and accelerates the retirement of coal generation with a targeted exit from coal by 2035.  This plan also includes natural gas and a prudent amount of market purchases for capacity and energy requirements. As is the case in all jurisdictions, we expect a robust review of all planned resource additions to achieve the environmental, reliability and affordability goals of the state. We will issue a request for proposal for new generation later this month. And following the RFP process, we will file CPCNs with the Indiana Commission later this year. In Florida, we received approval of the $1 billion Clean Energy Connection solar program, which calls for 750 megawatts over the next 3 years. We'll begin the first year of that program in 2022, along with completing the final solar projects under the sulfur liner. To date, we've put approximately 600 megawatts of solar generation in service in Florida with another 150 megawatts currently under construction. Let me close by putting our progress and our plans for the future in the context of our climate strategy. Given the scale of our company, we're leading the industry's most ambitious clean energy transformation. This demands active engagement with regulators, policymakers, customers and stakeholders to make the vision a reality. It requires candid discussions about the appropriate energy policy for each state, recognizing the unique differences of existing resources, customer bases and policy objectives. It also requires a focus on keeping customer bills affordable, a critical variable as we pursue this transformation. We continue to make progress and are strongly positioned to achieve our Clean Energy vision. Slide 6 captures our progress and the work underway. Let me share a few important highlights. We're executing the largest planned coal fleet retirement in our industry, targeting energy from coal to represent less than 5% by 2030 and a full exit by 2035. Embedded within Duke Energy is the top 10 U.S. renewable energy company, we now own, operate or purchase more than 10,000 megawatts of solar and wind energy. We plan to reach 16,000 megawatts by 2025 and 24,000 megawatts by 2030. We've reduced our carbon emissions by 44% from 2005 levels, and we're on track to exceed 50% by 2030 and net 0 by 2050. We're actively engaged with policymakers and advocating for and piloting new clean energy technologies necessary to meet our net 0 goal. We're also stepping back and evaluating our climate goals more broadly as we engage with our shareholders and discuss the growing importance of Scope 2 and 3 emissions. And just yesterday, we announced we're expanding our net 0 goals to now include Scope 2 and certain Scope 3 emissions, such as upstream emissions related to procurement of fossil resources and downstream emissions for our natural gas customers' consumption. These initiatives will be a key focus area for our management team and across the entire company in 2022 and beyond. We look forward to sharing more details about what it will take and the ways we're building upon our success to advance our long-term business strategy at our next ESG Day planned for October 4. I encourage you to join us for this interactive live streamed event.  We accomplished a great deal in 2021. We delivered on our commitments while also strategically positioning the company for the future, derisking investments, simplifying our business and modernizing our regulatory frameworks. We have a clear vision to meet the needs of our customers and communities while remaining a strong steward of the environment. We believe this strategy will deliver strong, consistent and enduring benefits to our customers, communities and investors. And with that, let me turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Young: Thanks, Lynn, and good morning, everyone. 2021 marked a year of strong growth in our core businesses. As shown on Slide 7, our full year adjusted earnings per share was $5.24, above the midpoint of our revised guidance range. In the electric segment, we benefited from 2% volume growth, the full year impact of constructive rate case outcomes in North Carolina and Indiana, increases in Florida from their previous multiyear rate plan and solar installations and continued rider investment in the Midwest. Additionally, we met our goal of delivering $200 million in sustainable cost savings in 2021. In our gas LDC business, we saw higher results from Piedmont rate cases in North Carolina and Tennessee and contributions from customer growth and rider mechanisms. Results from commercial were lower due to fewer growth investments compared to 2020 and the impact of Winter Storm Uri in February 2021. Turning to Slide 8, we are introducing our $5.30 to $5.60 guidance range in 2022. For Electric Utilities and Infrastructure, we expect growth due to expansion in our robust service areas and earnings on infrastructure investments. Specifically, in Florida, we began the first year of our new multiyear rate plan, coupled with the benefits of strong customer growth. In the Carolinas, we will see earnings growth from new customers, grid investments and wholesale revenues. In the Midwest, we continue to benefit from the steady investment in T&D Infrastructure. Our Gas Utilities and Infrastructure segment is expected to benefit in 2022 from customer additions and integrity management investments as well as base rate increases following settlements approved in North Carolina and Kentucky. In Commercial Renewables, we expect fewer projects in 2022 as we ramp up deployment of renewable assets in Florida and the Carolinas, and provide breathing room to work through supply chain challenges. As such, the timing of some commercial renewables projects will shift within the 5-year plan. Finally, we expect the other segment to be unfavorable, primarily due to higher interest expense as we grow our energy investment base. Turning to Slide 9. Let me touch on electric volumes and economic trends. Consistent with our updated guidance on our Q3 earnings call, we achieved 2% growth for total retail volumes. This includes residential load growth of 0.7%, helped by the continuation of remote work and strong customer growth of 1.6%. In fact, 3 of the states we serve were among the top 5 states for net population migration in 2021, strong evidence of our attractive growth profile.  Since the pandemic began, approximately 200,000 new customers have moved into our service areas, boosting the need for energy infrastructure. Commercial and industrial sales rebounded nicely due to increased demand for goods across many sectors. We expect continued expansion in 2022 and project load growth to increase approximately 1.5% in 2022. After '22, we expect longer-term growth to moderate to flat to 0.5% per year. As I mentioned before, we delivered on our O&M target for 2021. On Slide 10, you will see the work we've undertaken to lower our cost structure and bolster our potential growth. Duke Energy is a leader in the industry when it comes to cost mitigation, driven by digital capabilities, data analytics and reskilling our workforce. Since 2016, we have not just absorbed inflation, we have removed approximately $400 million of O&M, creating value for our customers and our shareholders. For every dollar of O&M we eliminate, we can invest about $7 of capital without increasing cost to customers. Our $400 million in savings over the past 5 years has created headroom for approximately $3 billion worth of capital projects with no incremental bill impacts. Looking forward, we expect to hold O&M flat throughout our plan. We believe there are significant opportunities across the enterprise to further improve efficiencies, which could lower the O&M trajectory as we advance our fleet transition strategy, replacing coal assets with less than -- O&M intensive forms of generation is a perfect example of this and the investments we are making are designed to lower our cost structure while maintaining high standards of safety and reliability. Our size and scale remain key differentiators as we work to mitigate supply chain constraints and inflationary pressures across our cost structure. Turning to Slide 11, we expect to deploy over $130 billion over the next decade with $63 billion to occur over the next 5 years. This represents a $4 billion increase over our previous 5-year capital plan and strengthens our rate base growth to 6.5% to 7%. Approximately $52 billion or over 80% of our capital plan throughout 2026 will fund investments in our fleet transition and grid modernization. This will include improved reliability and resiliencies, we'll add more renewables to the system and extend the life of our carbon-free nuclear fleet to better serve our growing customer base. As coal is phased out from our generation profile, it will be replaced with 0 carbon resources and prudent investments in cleaner natural gas. We formed strategic partnerships to size the long-term potential of hydrogen coal firing storage including a pilot program we launched this year, where we believe our natural gas units are well positioned to take advantage of hydrogen technology as it evolves. Turning to Slide 12. Our sizable capital plan, high-growth service territories, proven capability to control costs and constructive regulatory frameworks give us confidence in our ability to consistently grow earnings at 5% to 7%, and potential to earn at the top half of the range in the back half of the plan. Moving to Slide 13. Our ability to execute our robust capital program is underpinned by a healthy balance sheet and we remain committed to our current credit ratings. In September 2021, we received $1 billion in cash proceeds upon closing the first tranche of our minority interest sale of our Indiana utility. The second closing will occur by January 2023 and will result in another cash infusion of $1 billion. This combined $2 billion of proceeds provide good support to our credit metrics. We closed out 2021 in line with our 14% FFO-to-debt target, and we expect to maintain 14% in 2022 and beyond. Our financing needs are driven by our investments. And we have constructed a plan that achieves 5% to 7% earnings growth through 2026, while maintaining our current credit profile. Our current plan does not contemplate any additional common equity through 2026, but we will monitor a variety of things that may influence future needs, including the pace and size of our capital deployment, future regulatory outcomes and the potential for support of tax policy. To the extent it becomes a need for additional equity, we will evaluate all options and pursue the ones that finance our growth in the most efficient manner and support our earnings growth trajectory. Before we open it up for questions, let me close with Slide 14. Our focus on the future, sound investment strategy and demonstrated dexterity offer a strong long-term growth proposition. Our commitment to the dividend remains unchanged. We understand how important it is to our shareholders, and that's why 2022 will mark the 96th consecutive year of paying a quarterly cash dividend. We intend to keep growing the dividend, balancing our desire to offer investors a strong 65% to 75% payout ratio with our need to fund our capital plan. 2021 was exceptionally productive and we have a strong momentum as we begin 2022. We look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year.  With that, we'll open the line for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Jamieson Ward: It's Jamieson Ward on for Shar. Lynn, at a high level, we were wondering how should we think about the carbon plan that you'll be filing in May versus what will become the final version in the order required by December 31? Who's going to be weighing in on it or contributing to it? And as a follow-up, how will it differ from, say, a traditional IRP?
Lynn Good: Well, James, and thank you for that question, and the work is already underway to develop the plan. We had our first stakeholder meeting just a week-or-so ago and there are additional meetings planned. And I would share with you that it will be a review of the full range of existing and potential resources to achieve the objective. We envision putting forward multiple scenarios as we did in the 2020 IRP so that we have a good discussion of weighing cost and benefits of the various resource types. And it's also going to have good discussions about reliability and affordability, coupled with environmental achievement.  So I would expect it to be somewhat similar in concept to what we produced in 2020, James, because it will be a variety of portfolios but is always well informed by our stakeholders and directed toward achieving what the legislature has set out for us, which is 70% carbon by -- reduction by 2030.
Jamieson Ward: Got it. Got it. And second question we had here was under the items to monitor on Slide 12, you mentioned supply chain constraints. At EEI back in November, the takeaway that people seem to have for meetings with both Duke and echoed by other large utilities was that you weren't really seeing much impact at that time from supply chain constraints. What's changed since EEI? And just another follow-up on that, how much of these supply chain constraints are specifically related to renewables? And then for the nonrenewable portion, what does that consist of?
Lynn Good: Yes. It's a good question because it's a dynamic area. And I would say generally that the scope and scale of our company has positioned us really well on supply chain considerations. We've done a very good job of expanding our horizon to look at demand, leveraging long-term contracts, leveraging what we maintain in inventory. So we have not seen an impact on the majority, if -- significantly of the capital plans that we have in place.  But we have experienced some impact from solar panels, and you'll see us. We talked a little bit about this in the third quarter call, evaluating what it might mean, we're pushing some projects in commercial renewables in particular, to 2023, we've been able to achieve all of our dates of regulated renewables, however. So I would leave you with the fact that it's a dynamic area. There are areas where lead times are increasing, but we feel well positioned given the scale of the company and the approach that we're taking to manage what our customers require.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So maybe, if I can, maybe the first question is perhaps 2 parts. First, ’22 guidance, you have a lot of interesting tailwinds here. O&M load growth accelerating, obviously, disappointing on the renewables, but that seems to be pervasive. Can you talk about maybe latitude within this guidance range, certainly considering that accelerating growth really is a meaningful driver? And then secondly, just related to that, and I suspect this is perhaps part of the reason for the guidance range. Can you talk about your confidence on the ability to cut $100 million in cost with the backdrop of inflation admittedly elsewhere in the sector?
Lynn Good: Yes. So I'll take a shot, and I'm sure Steve will have something to add. Julien, I believe what we put forward through 2022 is a very strong growth story. It's built on Florida, the Carolinas, Midwest gas rate cases, load growth, O&M cost management, all the things that you referenced. I also believe that the increase in capital that we've put forward should give you confidence that we're going to keep going and have the investment portfolio to drive 5% to 7%. In 2022, though, I also think it's important to recognize we have some foundational work underway in the Carolinas legislation, it was a hallmark in 2021, but we're in the regulatory process in 2022. We're waiting for guidance on the performance-based rate making. We're waiting for guidance on securitization. We have a carbon plan to file. And so that will be additional important work in 2022 that will set us up for the future. In terms of inflation, we are seeing labor inflation as the one thing I would point to. And if you look at our trajectory, we're recommending flat. We will go at it as hard as we can, but we will also make sure we have the talent and capability from our line workers to our software engineers to do what this business requires and our customers' demand. So I feel like we've taken all of these variables together, and not only put together a strong plan for 2022, but also a strong plan for '23 and beyond. Steve, how would you add?
Steve Young: I might add a couple of things. On the cost side, we took $200 million out sustainable as we had promised, and we've delivered on that. We've got 2,000 less employees at Duke Energy than we did a year ago. We retired 5 coal units, and that takes out some O&M there. But we're going to keep moving forward. Our scope and scale allows us to do this. We've completely redone our real estate footprint and taking advantage of COVID immediately on the real estate savings.  We're going to continue to drive out efficiencies and utilize technology to displace the need for other costs. And we've had success for the past 5 years of doing that of driving O&M down. We put flat O&M into our trajectory in response to what is inflation there. But we're going to continue to hammer our way at it. And we've got the tools to do that. We'll see where that goes, but out of respect for the trends we see on cost, we flattened it out, we're going to be driving hard at it, Julien.
Lynn Good: And I think when you step back and look at guidance, maybe just 1 comment on guidance, too, and we feel like it's a very strong growth story. You may remember that we reset the 5% to 7% for the first time off of 5.15. We believe this is a very strong start. And as you know, we'll be working hard not only to hit these numbers. But if circumstances are such we can exceed them, we'll do that. But we believe this is a compelling growth story.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I hear you loud and clear on that last comment. And in fact, if I can ask you this little bit in reverse. I mean, clearly, you're hitting these '22 numbers considering commercial renewals being a little lower and some of that being delayed, does that actually conversely mean that '23 and '24 could actually be sort of a bumper crop year with respect to some of the renewable contributions, especially relative to historic $200 million to $250 million guidance?
Lynn Good: Julien, we are evaluating capital allocation on renewables and Steve's comments, you might have noticed, we said as we ramp up partner investment in the Carolinas and in Florida around renewables. So we will make the right decision on where we invest the renewable capital. I think the planning assumption of $200 million to $250 million is still reasonable for commercial, but know that we're also going to be adding a lot of renewables in those regulated businesses.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd: I was interested in your latest thinking in terms of some form of federal Clean Energy legislation. I know there's been a lot of dialogue, you all have been very involved in dialogue there. So just curious your latest take on the prospects for passage at the federal level.
Lynn Good: Stephen, it's hard to handicap because we don't have a vehicle yet. There are a variety of other topics being discussed within that construct of what the administration would like to move. But it is our conviction that the clean energy tax provisions would be very helpful not only to support the transformation that's underway at Duke, but throughout the industry, and also allow us to lower the price of that transformation.  For a regulated company, those tax incentives have a direct impact on our price to customers. So we are strong advocates for it. We actually believe that nuclear is a great recognition of that resource, some of the modernization around solar to introduce PTCs, the opportunity to have direct pay. All of these things, we believe, could be helpful in this transformation that we're pursuing so aggressively.
Stephen Byrd: That's helpful. And then I just wanted to follow up on a couple of questions on renewable supply chain. I wanted to drill in on solar a little bit more. I wondered if you could provide anything specific in terms of just the rough magnitude of cost increases you're seeing? And also, if you could speak to just the physical availability of panels in '22 and the outlook there, just curious for a little more color there.
Lynn Good: And Stephen, I would point to availability as the first and most gating item because of some of the restrictions around trade and other things, there has been an issue around availability and certain suppliers have said we can't meet the time frame. And as a result of that, you then begin looking for alternatives, and those alternatives can be more expensive. So we have made a decision to push some of our projects into '23. We're very confident in our projects that we have identified for '23, but we have appropriate supply and are ready to go. But that's what I would share with you. The gating issue has been availability. And then as you pursue alternatives, price can become an issue.
Stephen Byrd: That's helpful. And maybe just following up on that, and then I'll pass it to someone else. Just on the magnitude of push back of projects in terms of sort of gigawatts, what sort of rough magnitude are you thinking that you want to push into '23?
Lynn Good: Stephen, as I look at what we have put forward as guidance, we're at $150 million for the commercial business, we have been targeting $200 million to $250 million. So I would think about a couple of projects that are being pushed from '22 to '23.
Steve Young: It might be in the neighborhood of 400, 500 megawatts, something of that nature. And then we'll look at, again, '23 as we approach it to see what makes sense based on the projects that are there and the returns as we move forward. But I still think around the 200 to 250 as the reasonable planning assumption for what we'll do.
Lynn Good: And Stephen, a moment ago, I also noted, we were able to complete all of the regulated renewable projects and have secured supply for them for 2022. So we're doing some balancing here and believe that the net result of all of this puts us in a strong position to achieve our objectives.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Just -- can you just confirm whether you're still expecting to get the multiyear rate plan proposal out today, the performance-based ratemaking? And just what are the key items that we should be watching in that?
Lynn Good: Yes. And we expected this week. I guess we're sitting here on Thursday. Steve, it could come out today. I think the 10th was the plan, but we are expecting it. And we'll get something out from Investor Relations when that rulemaking appears.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. So we’ll just see what it has to say.
Lynn Good: Yes. And we're in the second constructive rulemaking.
Steve Fleishman: Great. And then in terms of when you kind of referenced both, in the upside drivers for the long-term plan and I think Steve's comments on things that could lead you to look at equity needs, the tax policy. Could you just kind of give a little more sense on what you're referring to there? Is it that if we get favorable renewable tax policy, you might invest a lot more capital, and thus, with that also have some equity needs? Or is it something beyond that?
Lynn Good: Steve, it's actually a reverse of that because if we get constructive tax policy, think about direct pay, think about nuclear PTC, that is very favorable from a cash flow standpoint. And that gives us an opportunity to consider potentially additional capital. But you should think about that as an infusion of cash into the plan in a way that could be quite helpful.
Steve Fleishman: Makes sense. So then when you talk about tax policy as something that may have equity, is that more of the corporate tax changes?
Lynn Good: Yes. There's -- the linkage of tax policy and equity needs is not what as you're thinking about it, Steve. We included that to say that could be a reason to reduce the need for equity even beyond '26 depending on what's happening. So there are positives and negatives in that.
Steve Young: Yes. We were looking at cash flow changes as well as capital changes and the tax policy is very beneficial from a tax --
Steve Fleishman: Okay. I thought those were things that would only create equity, and it's not the one that was on. That's why I didn't make sense to me.
Lynn Good: I'm glad we had a chance to clear that up.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research.
Jonathan Arnold: Last quarter, you were talking about 2% to 2.5% sales growth for the full year. And it felt like you were sounding more confident towards the upper end perhaps and came in at 2%. And then looking at the release, if I'm reading it correctly, you actually had well, the normal sales go down in the fourth quarter and industrial tick off about 5%. So just can you give us a little color on what was behind that? I wasn't necessarily expecting to see a down fourth quarter in industrial, at least quite yet.
Steve Young: Well, I think when you're looking at AVA for the quarter, the fourth quarter of the previous year was starting to pick up quite a bit, so there's some comparative things there. I think as we move forward, what we're really projecting here is that we're going to catch up by the end of '22 to where we would have been prior to COVID hitting when you just take 2019 and extrapolate out. So I wouldn't look at any 1 particular quarter comparison to another quarter as you could have shutdowns in certain industries and that nature that might impact the stats. But looking broadly across it, what we see is return by the end of '22 to where we were at prior to COVID and then we've got pretty flattish load growth assumed from that point forward. We feel good about '22 growth across the board. We've added a lot of customers, as we alluded to. And customers moving into the area, that will drive commercial, education, health care, retail, that picks up.  And then when we look across our industrial base and talk to our industrial customers, we've got such a diverse body of industrial customers. No one customer SIC code is greater than 10%. We see them optimistic about further growth in '22. So I'd think about that a bit more than just a quarter versus quarter examination.
Jonathan Arnold: Management stuff, can you talk a little bit about how the pathway to sort of integrating North and South Carolina around the carbon plan, given some of the recent developments in the South? And I guess you were trying to pull -- have a joint proceeding, but that looks like it may not happen now. So just what -- how do we bring this forward on a fuel track?
Lynn Good: Sure. And Jonathan, North and South Carolina have found a way over decades to work together and have developed a joint electric system that delivers affordable and reliable power, but they've also benefited from infrastructure investment in both states. 6 nuclear power plants, 3 in North Carolina, 3 in South Carolina. So we are optimistic that we'll be able to develop resource plans that meet the needs of both states. They are, of course, different, but both are interested in clean energy, clean energy transition, renewables, et cetera. The joint hearing that we suggested and worked toward was an innovative idea. We thought it would be an opportunity for the states to engage, but it's not the only way. And as we think about the future and the number of proceedings that will unfold over the next several years with resource additions and potential retirements, there will be plenty of opportunity for the states to work together in a way that makes sense for their policies. We'd also expect South Carolina to be at the table in the stakeholder meetings over the course of 2022. I know they are not only interested in what it means for customers around affordability and resiliency, but also what it means in terms of investment. And I think there is a lot here for both states, and we're anxious to work towards something that makes sense for everyone.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. What would be the next data point in South Carolina, what's the path there?
Lynn Good: Jonathan, I would -- I'm not going to point to a specific milestone, but rather say that we will update you on the stakeholder engagements. We'll update you on the carbon plan as that gets finalized. To the extent there are filings that we might make in South Carolina, we'll, of course, give updates on that. So you can expect this to unfold not only over the course of '22, but into '23 as well. And South Carolina will be at the table every step of the way.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI India.
Durgesh Chopra: Just can I clarify in terms of O&M savings target for 2022? I heard you say the $200 million savings in 2021. What is embedded in the 2022 guidance? Is it flat O&M '22 to 2021? Or are we modeling decreases further from the 2021 levels?
Steve Young: We've assumed flat O&M in '22 compared to 2021. The $200 million was taken out in '21 and is sustainable, so it will be in there. But we're assuming it's flat in '22 and throughout our plan. But what I would point to is we have a strong track record of finding O&M savings across our footprint, and none of that has stopped. And we've got inflationary issues that everybody's heard about. So we flattened it out, but we're certainly continuing to drive to find the opportunities to utilize capital technology to take out variable O&M, and that goes on every day.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. And then just in terms of your comment, the potentially higher growth rate in the back half of the plan, the upper half of the 5% to 7%, is that driven by basically you getting regulatory approvals, perhaps even stronger-than-expected customer load? What gives you -- sort of what would drive that higher growth rate in the upper half in the back half of the plan?
Lynn Good: I would think about the work that's underway in 2022, Durgesh, around the Carolinas. So we have -- legislation has been passed, but we have regulatory proceedings underway to set the course on the performance-based rate making and on the plan. That, of course, will begin to be executed in '23 and '24. So there's going to be a sort of back half approach around the capital and the regulatory modernization in the Carolinas. And then further in Indiana, the IRP was filed in December. We're anticipating RFPs and potentially CPCNs to be filed in 2022 that will begin the execution of the next phase of the transition in Indiana as well. So those are a couple of things that I would point to that are important as you think about the end of this 5-year plan, but the remaining years in this decade.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: I just wanted to touch on financing a bit more, if I could here. And just wondering, if you could provide a bit more color on the 2022 hybrid security funding. What kind of -- what could that look like? What type of size could that part be? And then separately, looking forward, we've talked about the robust capital opportunities that you've highlighted throughout the call. How should we think about equity needs over the course of the 5-year plan and beyond? And I know you talked in the script about alternatives and just looking for a little bit more color what the alternatives could be, could this be other DI type transactions? Or maybe monetizing commercial renewables? Just trying to see what possibilities are out there.
Steve Young: A couple of things there. When we look at our financing plan, I don't have any specifics on what a hybrid security might look like, but we always consider those -- there are times where those can certainly make sense when the value they can bring and the price makes sense to us, so we'll always allude to that as a possibility there, but nothing specific on that front. When you think about the 5-year plan, we put together a plan here that we do not believe we need any incremental equity beyond the $1 billion of the second tranche of the GIC deal that will be coming in within the next 12 months. We think we've got regulatory constructs in place across our jurisdiction that are very efficient, and we have regulatory plans to make those investments through those regulatory constructs. We've also got a great ability to control cost. We've shown that, and that helps the bottom line metrics as well.  So no equity financing plans through the plan. Now as we move through the decade, for the circumstances that Lynn had described, we could see needs coming at us. We'll utilize the most efficient form of raising equity and we've shown great ability to do that through traditional methods, through non-traditional, through monetization of businesses. We'll look at all of that. We're well aware of our portfolio's value. It's good to have that optionality.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful there. And then kind of pivoting here. You talked about carbon capture, hydrogen nuclear. Just wondering how far are these technologies from being widely adopted in your view here? And are these items that can drive upside to the 10-year outlook? Or are they kind of longer dated? And then specifically with CCUS, just wondering what stakeholder views are like there? And what discussions have been like with the regulators on CCUS in your jurisdictions?
Lynn Good: I think this is an important discussion to progress in this decade. And so the awareness around hydrogen, the awareness around advanced nuclear, the awareness around what might be possible in CCUS is something that is a part of our conversations with all of our regulators. And you begin to see even offshore wind part of the conversation with regulators. It's a mature technology in Europe but relatively new in the U.S. And the good news is we believe we have runway with existing technologies to achieve the majority of our aspirations around clean energy transition over the next 5 years-or-so. And so you're getting into the 2030s when those technologies would be more important to get to net 0 and the next tranche of carbon reduction. And so I think time will tell on whether they get to commercial scale. We begin to see some demonstration projects, like in advanced nuclear in the 2028 time frame. But I would also point to the amount of money that's in the infrastructure bill to really pilot and develop and get these technologies to scale. So it's possible it occurs even more rapidly. But we will be thoughtful working with stakeholders and our regulators before we begin introducing any of these technologies so that we have a common view of what we would like to achieve and invest in to meet our goals.
Operator: And our next question comes from James Thalacker with BMO Capital Markets.
James Thalacker: And I didn't want to really kind of beat a dead horse, but just regarding the acceleration of your growth rate into the upper half of the 5% to 7%, maybe Lynn or Steve, should we think about this in the context of the current 2022 to 2026 plan? Or as you look farther out into the kind of 2030 time frame, given your capital plan shows some significant acceleration in that kind of '27 through '30 time frame?
Lynn Good: In the back half of this 5-year plan, Jim, but certainly continuing in the back part of the decade.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'll turn the conference over to Lynn Good, Chair, President and CEO, for any additional remarks.
Lynn Good: Thank you, and thanks, everyone, for joining. I know these calls in February are always full of information, not only in what we have achieved, but where we're going. And so we're available to answer any follow-on questions and look forward to talking with many of you in the weeks to come. So thanks again for your interest in Duke Energy.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Duke Energy Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. And now at this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Jack Sullivan, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jack Sullivan: Thank you. April Good morning, everyone. And welcome to Duke Energy's third quarter 2021 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer, along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking information within the meaning of securities laws. Actual results may be different than forward-looking statements, and these factors are outlined herein and disclosed in Duke Energy's SEC filings. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in today's materials and on duke-energy.com. Please note the appendix for today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures. So with that, let's turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Jack, thank you. And good morning, everyone. It's great to be with you for our third quarter 2021 earnings call. Today, we announced strong results for the quarter with adjusted earnings per share of a $1.88 driven by growth at our electric utilities. We're well-positioned, for a solid finish to the year and are narrowing our full-year guidance range to 515 to 530, raising the midpoint into the upper half of our original range. We're also reaffirming our long-term EPS growth rate of 5% to 7% through 2025 based off our original 2021 guidance range. Before I hand it over to Steve for a financial update, I'd like to discuss the important progress we've made on our climate goals, and highlight reasons and critical accomplishments that help advance our clean energy transformation. Turning to Slide 5, we've been actively engaged with policymakers and stakeholders across the Carolinas, for several years, to chart a path toward cleaner energy. Our 2020 IRPs,filed in both states, reflects our goal to pursue an orderly energy transition. aggressive carbon reduction while maintaining affordability and reliability. These filings and ongoing conversations in both states have been informed by robust stakeholder engagement and feedback. In October, North Carolina took an additional step, consisting with -- consistent with their longstanding history of proactively tackling complex energy issues. When state leaders came together to pass a landmark bipartisan law, House Bill 951, that accelerates the clean energy transition. House Bill 951 provides the framework to achieve 70% carbon reduction by '23 while continuing to prioritize affordability and reliability for customers. It also sets into law our corporate goal of net 0 carbon emissions by 2050. The road map to achieve these goals will come in the form of a carbon reduction plan, which will be approved by the North Carolina Utilities Commission by the end of 2022. We anticipate the active involvement of South Carolina in this process as they have been over the decades in developing and retiring assets that serve both states. The plan will also be informed by stakeholders, a continuation of the conversations that have been ongoing over the last several years, Consistent with the vertically integrated utility model, House Bill 951 calls for utilities to own new-generation or other resources selected by the commission, with the exception of solar generation, which contemplates 55% utility ownership and the remaining procured through PPAs. Throughout our history, we have offered rate protections for low income customers and House Bill 951 takes further steps to prioritize affordability. The legislation calls for securitization of 50% of sub-critical coal plants upon their early retirement, which will lower customer rates. Additionally, we've initiated a low income collaborative to propose new low income programs to further help our customers. The legislation also adopts modern regulatory mechanisms in North Carolina, including multi-year rate plans, performance-based rate making, and residential decoupling, all designed to better align utility investments with customer needs and improve rate certainty. As we look ahead our pace of change will accelerate, as we work toward our carbon reduction goals and the broad er clean energy transformation, across all of our jurisdictions. With this in mind, we expect our enterprise capital plan for the next 5 years, through 2026, to increase to the $60 and $65 billion range. And then moving into the back -half of the decade, we estimate to be in the top-half Of our $65 to $75 billion range. And we will provide more details on our updated capital and financing plans on our fourth quarter call in February. Turning to Slide 6, it's been one year since we hosted our first ESG Investor Day, where we laid out several targets and our path to net 0 carbon and methane emissions. We're making meaningful progress across these goals while also advancing social responsibility and corporate governance work. We exceeded 40% carbon reduction across the enterprise in 2020, and we continue to accelerate coal retirements and add significant amounts of renewables to our system. Our path to net-zero is underpinned by strong governance, collaboration with stakeholders, and a culture rooted in diversity, equity, and inclusion. Our long-term investment strategy also provides societal benefits, as demonstrated by our commitment to environmental justice. Earlier this week, we launched a new sustainable financing framework to help fund investments in eligible green and social projects. This framework provides additional transparency around our investments and clearly defines projects aligned with our ESG priorities. And as a testament to our strong culture of governance and accountability, we were recognized by Labrador's 2021 Transparency Awards as the number one utility for overall transparency. While there is more to do, we are proud of our progress and are poised for more in the years ahead. We look forward to holding another ESG day with you in 2022 to dive deeper into our commitments and our accomplishments. Turning to slide seven, we continue to work with stakeholders at federal, state, and local levels to make this clean energy vision possible while maintaining reliability and affordability for customers. In South Carolina we filed a modified IRP, at the end of August, incorporating feedback from the Public Service Commission and demonstrating further progress toward cleaner energy. The plan includes the balanced resource [Indiscernible] expanding renewable generation storage, retiring coal, and achieving significant carbon reductions. We expect an order from the commission later this year, and believe this filing is an important foundational element to the continued conversation on the pace and approach to the clean energy transition in the Carolinas. Strategic progress continues in Florida as well. We announced four new solar projects in the third quarter as part of our Clean Energy Connection program. And we continue to harden the grid through our Storm Protection Plan Writer. As we prepare to submit our Indiana IRP later this month, we've gathered input from business customers, consumer advocates, and environmental groups on transitioning to cleaner generation, while keeping a sharp focus on reliability and affordability. The IRP will continue to advance efforts to shift away from coal, and we remain engaged with stakeholders and policymakers to find the best path forward for the state. Finally, we're engaging with Congress and the administration on a wide range of issues, including infrastructure, tax, and climate policy. We support new federal policies that align with our clean-energy transition by modernizing and investing in the nation's infrastructure and helping to fund the development of advanced Clean Energy Technologies. From a regulatory point of view, we are pleased that FERC has accepted the application filed by Duke and the other members of the Southeast Energy Exchange Market known as SEEM. This allows the members to proceed with the development of the trading platform. SEEM is a low-cost, low-risk way to provide immediate customer benefits to our shared market structure while advancing more renewables throughout the Southeast. In closing, the fundamentals of our business are strong and we're meeting our financial and strategic objectives while continuing to focus on operational excellence. We operate in constructive jurisdictions that continue to draw new customers at growth rates above national averages. Our climate goals are driving our investment strategy and long-term planning, and we continue to make progress on all fronts. We have a clear line of sight to achieving our 2030 goals. Over this decade, we will deploy one of the largest capital investment plans in the country, focused on building clean-energy infrastructure. Investments that will benefit the environment, our customers and communities, and our investors. With this positive momentum, we are highly confident in our 5% to 7% EPS growth range, and see the potential over time to earn in the top half of this range. With that, let me turn it over to Steve.
Steve Young: Thanks, Lynn. And good morning, everyone. I'll start with a brief discussion of our quarterly results, highlighting a few of the key variances to the prior year. For more detailed information on variance drivers and a reconciliation of reported to adjusted results, please refer to the supporting materials that accompany today's press release and presentation. as shown on slide eight, our third quarter reported earnings per share was $1.79 and our adjusted earnings per share was $1.88. The difference between third quarter reported and adjusted earnings per share is primarily due to a charge related to the 2018 South Carolina rate cases, partially offset by proceeds from the settlement with insurers on coal ash basin closure costs. The adjusted earnings per share results in the quarter continued to be strong, led by electric utilities and infrastructure, which was up $0.10 compared to the prior year. Results were driven by favorable volumes, benefits from base rate increases, and riders. Partially, offsetting these items were O&M costs when compared to 2020 levels due to COVID-19 mitigation efforts in the prior year. Shifting to gas, utilities, and infrastructure results were flat to last year. In our Commercial Renewables segment, results were up $0.02 for the quarter driven by investments in the Marriott Neo wind and Pflugerville solar projects. Other was unfavorable, $0.03 for the quarter, principally due to higher income taxes expense. Recall in 2020 that we executed tax optimization levers as part of our COVID mitigation strategy. Finally, segment results are impacted by $0.08 per share of diluted -- dilution related to the $2.5 billion equity issuance that closed in December 2020. Overall, we are pleased with the results for the quarter supported by our continued execution and the rebounding economy. We remain confident in our ability to consistently grow our adjusted earnings per share at 5% to 7% throughout the 5-year period off of the 515 point -- midpoint of our 2021 guidance range. Turning to slide 9, we are pleased to see our electric volumes continue to bounce back as the economic recovery progresses. Results for the third quarter were up approximately 3.4% year-over-year. And for the second consecutive quarter, results are near or above pre -pandemic levels with the third quarter up 1.3% versus 2019. Looking more closely at the customer classes, residential volumes were down 0.2% for the quarter, as people began to return to the workplace. We continue to see strong customer growth of 1.7% year-to-date. When comparing this quarter's residential volumes to that of 2019, we see that volumes have risen almost 4%, highlighting the continued strength of the residential class. The robust labor market recovery in our service territories is driving the improvement in the commercial and industrial classes. Commercial volumes are up 5.3% and industrial was up 7.2%, in our four largest states, representing nearly 90% of our overall electric volumes. Job recovery is outpacing the national average. This is a testament to the attractive jurisdictions in which we operate. We continue to monitor the impact that our largest customers may experience due to supply chain disruptions. And today, we have seen only minor impacts in certain sectors, such as suppliers of the automotive industry. We serve a diverse customer base, expanding a variety of industries, mitigating sectors specific impacts. As we progress towards the end of the year, we are encouraged by the sales trends we have seen, bolstered by strong customer growth across our service territories, which support load growth over the long term. With our rolling 12-month retail load growing at 2.1%, we expect to finish ever above the top end of our original 1% to 2% load growth range for 2021 on Slide 10, I'd like to discuss primary growth drivers for the next year. Beginning with the electric utilities segment, we see higher load in 2022 across our jurisdictions as the economic recovery progresses. In Florida, we will see the impact of the first base rate increase in our multiyear rate plan that was approved this year. We also expect growth from Storm Protection Plan Rider in the final projects recovered under the solar base rate adjustment mechanism. In the Carolinas, we expect to see growth through our grid improvement plan, allowing us to defer certain grid projects with a return between rate cases. Meanwhile, 2022 will be a key year to move through rule making related to HB 951, and the carbon reduction plans, setting the stage for 2023 and beyond. In the Midwest, we'll see the impact for our Ohio distribution rate case beginning in the summer. And we'll continue to invest in transmission and distribution upgrades that are recovered under our rider programs in both Indiana and Ohio. We continue to make progress on our cost management efforts across our jurisdictions, and expect low year-over-year O&M in 2022. Shifting to the gas segment, we will have a full-year benefit from the Piedmont, North Carolina and Kentucky rate cases. We will also see growth from integrity management, investments and customer additions. Consistent with this historical practice we will provide 2020 to 2022 earnings guidance, our detailed capital plan, and our growth prospects for the future during our February financial updates. Before we open it up for questions, let me close with Slide 11. We are having an outstanding 2021 as evidenced by another strong quarter. And we have narrowed our 2021 adjusted earnings-per-share guidance range to the top half of our range. Our attractive dividend yield coupled with our long-term earnings growth profile of 5% to 7% provide a compelling risk-adjusted return for our shareholders. As Lynn discussed, we have a long runway of capital investment opportunities as we advance our clean energy strategy over the next decade and beyond. Duke Energy is well-positioned to lead as the pace of change in our industry accelerates, delivering sustainable value to our customers and investors. With that, we'll open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Also, if you're using a speakerphone, please make sure your mute function is turned off to allow your signal to reach our equipment. Once again, star one at this time and we will first hear from Shahriar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Good morning, guys.
Lynn Good: Hi, Shahriar.
Steve Young: Good morning.
Shahriar Pourreza: Someone. Just couple of questions on 951, obviously it's good, it finally got done in a bipartisan way. Obviously 22 is going to be busy and you do have some good amount of what to chop, though it's a really good framework. Remind us on next steps, especially as we're thinking about the rule-making, securitization, and the carbon reduction plan.
Lynn Good: Sure. Shahriar thank you. And we're pleased that the leaders of the state came together in this bipartisan way to provide the framework that we are going to be talking about. And in many ways, it's the combination of the process we've discussed with you over the last several years as we've worked toward this clean energy transition. The next step, which is already underway, is rule making around the performance-based rate making and securitization. The commission has outlined a process that should culminate in February for PBR and an April for securitization. And then we would also expect the commission to establish procedures around the shaping of the Carbon Reduction Plan. That is not yet out, but we would expect it to occur as you know, the timeline for that is December of 2022. So a lot of work will go on as this legislation transitions into the regulatory arena. We will be involved, of course, stakeholders will be involved, and on the carbon reduction plans, South Carolina will be a very important stakeholder at the table every step of the way. And so we'll be anxious to provide updates along the way as we reach those milestones. But I feel like this is a very good process to put us on a path to achieve not only our carbon reduction goals, but meaningful investments that will drive returns over this decade and beyond.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And Lynn, lastly, I want to tease it out a bit of your -- prepared comments around the growth guide as we're thinking about various drivers at the legislation and now it impacts your plan. You obviously have more regulated renewable opportunities. You should theoretically have less lag and more opportunities to increase and accelerate capex as the plan further cements, right? You obviously have opportunities around PBR and sharing mechanisms. So if you were solidly within your 5% to 7% growth rate without legislation, especially with an improving load backdrop as Steve clearly highlighted, how can the legislation, I guess not be accretive to your current guide from an EPS growth standpoint?
Lynn Good: Sure. I appreciate the question and I think we should broaden it really beyond the Carolinas to also note the progress that we expect to make another jurisdictions. We have important IRP filing coming up in November, end of this month in Indiana, which will Is that a pace for the transition. So taking all of those things together, we do see increased capital. And as we open up 2026 and establish a 5-year range, we believe that capital will go to 60 to 65 as we look at the back half of the decade we had shared 65 to 75. We think it's more likely to be in that top half, 70 to 75. And so we do believe we have the potential over time to earn at the top end of our 5% to 7% range, the top half that 5% to 7% range. And so we have some work to do with rulemaking and beginning the execution. But we have a long runway of capital investment and this regulatory modernization will be helpful, not only to align investments with benefits to customers, but also to allow us to more effectively put capital to work and deliver returns.
Stephen Byrd: Perfect. I appreciate it. Thank you so much, Lynn. See you soon.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd: Hi, good morning.
Lynn Good: Hi, Steven.
Steve Young: Good morning.
Stephen Byrd: I wanted to just maybe build a little bit on the prior questions in terms of just federal legislation supporting renewable energy in a number of ways. And both -- I guess, I'm thinking specifically in North Carolina, as well as Indiana. In Indiana [Indiscernible] you have a resource filing by the end of this month. And then in North Carolina though, it does feel like the deliberation around the cadence of decarbonization is going to flow well into 2022. And to the extent that this legislation does pass, as it extends support for solar and wind, provides support for storage, how might that impact the thinking, not just for you, but for other stakeholders in both of those states?
Lynn Good: I believe there's a lot of conversation going on. Steven in both Indiana, in Florida, in the Carolinas around the clean energy transition. And that has been building over the last several years and so you see increasing opportunities for renewable investment, for storage investment, energy efficiency, demand response investment will be a part of it. In some of our states also, a keen interest in getting a base amount of electric vehicle infrastructure in place. And so I do believe the momentum is picking up, of course, all states are watching what's going on at the federal level. And the tax incentives, in particular, can be additive to our progress in the states. And so I see a great deal of alignment between what we are trying to accomplish, where our states are going, and the discussions that are underway in Washington.
Stephen Byrd: That's helpful and to the extent that we do see this level of support from federal legislation, could that potentially lead to kind of a further acceleration? I wouldn't imagine anytime soon for your capital plan, but kind of later in the decade. It's obviously an impressive amount of capex that you have. But could this essentially result in an acceleration? Or -- I know that's very tough to predict, but how might that impact your longer-term capital spend levels?
Lynn Good: Steve, and I certainly think it can result in acceleration. And that gets down to the target and the timeline that's being established. And I know a lot of debate will occur around those 2 items. Affordability is another factor that we need to keep into the equation. And we have affordability, reliability kind of top of mind as we pursue these goals. But I do believe transition of the bulk power system, both generation and grid is underway with a lot of tailwinds behind it. And we are trying to proceed in a way that works for our states, our customers, the economy. But along the way, importantly, it will deliver meaningful investments for our investors. And so I do see just a long runway of investment opportunity operating and in all of these states, driven by both state and federal tailwinds.
Stephen Byrd: Good. Very clear. Understood. And then maybe just one other element of the legislation is the -- we're interested in is the minimum tax levels that are in the bill. How might that impact both through your cash flow, customer bill impacts, credit statistics, things like that, to the extent that the utility sector doesn't get exempted from that particular provision? What's your sort of latest thinking around the impacts there?
Lynn Good: Stephen, because we are 95% regulated, we see the minimum tax as more of a timing issue for us. There could be some cash flow impact, but we would need to look at that within the complexion of all of the elements, the tax incentives and other things. So we do not see a significant bill impact to customers as a result of the way the minimum tax is talked about right now. But as you know, this is a dynamic time and we will have to see how it ultimately progresses. Steve, would you add anything to that?
Steve Young: I would agree with that. We would view it as a timing issue. And then there's other provisions. They are extension of other credits, direct pay of credits, and inclusion of nuclear PTCs that -- particularly for Duke with our nuclear fleet. That help mitigate any impacts of this to customers.
Stephen Byrd: That's a good point. There are other provisions that sort of pushing the other direction and provide a benefit. Understood. That's all I had. Thank you.
Lynn Good: Great. Thanks, Steven.
Steve Young: Great.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Jonathan Arnold of Vertical Research.
Lynn Good: Hey, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: Good morning, guys.
Lynn Good: Morning.
Jonathan Arnold: Hey. I just wanted to pick up on -- you just mentioned the nuclear PTC. Steve, I was curious whether you guys have any sense of yet how you would derive -- define the revenues that would sort of interact with the PTC calculation for you on regulated nukes.
Lynn Good: Jonathan, I'll take that. This is a pretty dynamic area and we're yet this morning coming through what came out of the house last night, a couple of thousand pages. We do believe it will apply to regulated nuclear. We do believe that it'll apply for a 6-year period but we're anxious to learn more and study this a bit more. So at this stage of the game, we're talking more about -- we believe regulating nuclear is included, but more to come on how all of these elements fit together.
Jonathan Arnold: And just staying with that, with nuclear. One element of HB 951, [Indiscernible] interesting was that you could have a little extra time, if you're pursuing a small modular or I guess nuclear project, or offshore wind. Could you just maybe talk a little bit about how some solutions will be part of what you put forth, and what the time frame might be best guess at the moment on both?
Lynn Good: Sure. And you know, Jonathan, if you think back to the scenarios that we put forward in the 2020 IRP, there were a couple of scenarios that got to that 70% level. One included offshore wind, the other included advanced nuclear small modular reactor. We do see a need over time to put in some of these next-generation, although offshore wind very mature in Europe, not as much here in the U.S., but these clean energy technologies. And so I believe this will be an important discussion as the carbon reduction plan is developed, and we will go into that engaging with our regulators, policymakers, communities, to come up with a thoughtful approach on how to incorporate these technologies. And so I think more to come on that as this carbon reduction plan begins to take shape in '22.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. That's good enough. Thank you very much.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning team. Thanks for the time. Appreciate it.
Steve Young: Good morning.
Lynn Good: Hi Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. So Okay. So perhaps just to come back to the 70% piece, obviously, well done on getting the legislation done, I'm curious if you can be more --
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: -- specific about -- indeed, absolutely. I know it's been a long ride so we're finally here. To that point though, when you're thinking about the top half here of the 65 and 75, what are the specific moving pieces that you're thinking about that gets you there? What are the debate points around the 70%? I know you touched earlier about balancing bill headroom against perhaps various other considerations, but if we can talk more changeably about different scenarios or different combinations, if you will, I'm just trying to understand how you get to that upper end, if you will, in terms of the incremental requirement.
Lynn Good: Julien, I think the best thing I could point you to at this point is back to the IRPs. And if you look at the volume of solar and storage, the level of coal retirements, the additional resources that will be added to maintain reliability. As you move towards 70% carbon reduction, there are megawatts. And so that's what we are looking at. And this will be important as we go through the carbon reduction planning process commission, of course setting that procedural schedule. There will be a lot of opportunities for discussion, stakeholder in South Carolina at the table. But I would point you back to those IRP because I think that's probably the best place to really begin thinking about the magnitude of the transition.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yeah. And if I understand those IRP scenarios. Again, I know these things are influx. The 2 specific scenarios that got you there. 1. Included our pathway for offshore and the other one included SMRs. Is it fair right now to think that your bias in favor of offshore, given what we're seeing already across the space or is SMR really kind of one of the key pathways that you're thinking about?
Lynn Good: I would say it's too early to tell. We will not unilaterally make a decision. Julien on what technology makes sense for our customers in the states in which we operate. So we believe continued discussion engagement with the regulators, policymakers, communities will be important to this decision. We are evaluating offshore wind. I think you may have noticed there was a proposed sale notice issued for a lease off the coast of North Carolina. The Kitty Hawk lease area is also there. So I would just say it's -- there's more to come here. And as this carbon reduction plan begins to take shape, we'll have an opportunity to further these stakeholder discussions to develop the plan that makes sense for our customers in the states in which we operate.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Yeah. I hear what you're saying. And nothing more specific yet on a definitive timeline on IRP for Indiana in terms of exit from coal, etc. I know that some of your peers have already kind of made broad statements on that front, but that -- we got to wait here, so.
Lynn Good: Well, and Julien, I would say it's about 3 weeks away, so the filing is November 30th and as you know, we have been working on reducing the useful life of coal. We did so in connection with the rate cases that were finalized last year. And we will continue to work on coal retirements, diversification, adding renewables, so you can expect to see more at the end of this month on Indiana. And we're actively engaged in the Stakeholder process there, as this work continues.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right, well, best of luck with those finals weeks. And we'll see you soon.
Lynn Good: Thanks so much.
Steve Young: Cheers
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Jeremy Tonet of JPMorgan.
Ryan: Hi, good morning --
Lynn Good: Hi, Jeremy.
Ryan: -- well, actually it's Ryan. On for Jeremy. Sorry.
Lynn Good: Okay. Alright.
Ryan: Just wondering, you hit on the SEEM proposal that was approved at FERC, we wanted you to give a bit more color on opportunities that come out of that in terms of your renewable's distribution [Indiscernible] transmission of opportunities.
Lynn Good: You know, Ryan, I would think about the same as a very customer-focused initiative. And we've had a lot of work done with outside parties to look at the potential and we believe annually customers would save in the range of 40 to 50 million in the near term and up to a 100 and 150 million over the longer term. So we see it as a way that provides greater visibility around the operation of the Southeastern grid and gives us the opportunity to integrate more renewables. So that's how I would think about it here in the near term. And we think it represents a great opportunity to continue to mature the renewable investment here in the Southeast.
Ryan: Understood. And then, I'll just ask one on thinking, understand where you get the kind of the full, kind of drivers in 2022 on the year-end call. But the some of the strong load trends you've seen this year and then also, you're kind of a slog ability to take out of the business. How you kind of make at this stage on some of those different drivers into 2022 as you kind of mentioned it being maybe a bridge year, into kind of the capital ramp for 2023 and beyond?
Lynn Good: Well, Ryan, I would say we will be within our 5% to 7% growth rate every year, over the 5-year period. Steve shared with you in his remarks what we see those drivers being. So the Florida multiyear rate plan, we’ve got of course, load growth and I'm just referencing that [Indiscernible] a number of other areas. So we'll give you more specifics on what it means in February but I feel like we've got a very solid plan for 2022.
Steve Young: I would add, we certainly are seeing solid growth across our jurisdictions. That's always been part of our growth plan. And it is improved through COVID and we will continue to, we believe certainly. We've got a lot of good rate activity coming along as well when you look at our Midwest jurisdictions, Florida as well. We'll see strength there as we finish out the sober program and kick in the new 3-year plan coupled with the organic growth in Florida. So, there's a number of factors with a lot more details, but across our footprint, we've got a number of capabilities that we can pull and cost control is one of them as it has been in the past.
Lynn Good: In a rate case activity, Ryan, I was just looking at this slide, Ohio Electric Distribution, Piedmont, North Carolina, South Carolina, Kentucky, so here is a rate case activity also, I would point to.
Ryan: Got it. Makes sense. I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Hi, good morning, Lynn.
Lynn Good: Hi, Steve. How are you?
Steve Fleishman: Great. Thank you. Hope you're well. So, I have to ask since no one else did, the -- there was a Press report or week or two ago about there being maybe being a settlement soon with Elliott investments. Could you comment on that? And if there's any status of that situation.
Lynn Good: And Steve, I'm not going to comment on the press report, but what I will say is we remain in very constructive conversations with Elliott. We are open to a constructive settlement and as I've said many times, our decision process around this will center on terms that we believe are in the best interest of our shareholders and our Company. But constructive conversations continue.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Great. And just in North Carolina, the -- in terms of actually filing another rate case to recover investment, I guess the next one would be under this law, with maybe performance base, when would that be? And is there any time lag issues before you are able to kind of get to that?
Lynn Good: Steve, we are evaluating when the appropriate time is for a rate case, as we always do, you point to something that is certainly a consideration. Its rule making process will continue into 2022 and evaluating the timing for a rate case that not only would contemplate that rule making, but also reflect capital investment is work that's underway. And as we have a better sense of that, we will update you. But some work to do, I guess around this rulemaking that I referenced before, we would file under that plan.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. So is it not clear right now whether the next rate case would be with the new performance-based or maybe you do a case first without that?
Lynn Good: That's an interesting question and depending on the timing of the rule-making, I think it would be good to try to reflect that in the rate filing. Right now, the commission is on target for rule making for PBR by February. That's an aggressive time frame. I know there's a lot of work to do, but to pick up PBR within the rate case would certainly be an objective if the timing works out.
Steve Fleishman: Got it. Great. Thank you.
Lynn Good: Thank you. We've lost our Operator. April, are you there? you there?
Operator: I'm sorry. Our final question is from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys,
Lynn Good: Thank you for [Indiscernible] Hi Michael.
Michael Lapides: Hi Lynn, and thank you for taking my question. Hey, just curious, when I think about HB 951, the language was pretty clear about on the core retirement securitization being for just the sub-critical units. How should we think about what happens to the supercritical units? The larger kind of bigger component of the Duke Carolinas and Duke Progress fleet over time and whether how you would deal if there were early retirements of those units?
Lynn Good: I would think about traditional rate-making on those, Michael. And some of the units will have dual-fuel capability, so they will continue running on natural gas for a period of time. So I would think about that way.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then one follow-on related to 951. I'm just curious, I don't think the offshore wind components made it into the bill. You've talked a little bit about offshore wind than SMRs. How do you -- is the concern, the reason it got left out of the bill more of [Indiscernible] -cost, or were there other concerns that were driving that?
Lynn Good: I wouldn't regard it as being left out of the bill but I would regard it as those decisions around clean technologies will be part of the carbon reduction plan and overseen by the Commission, where they will also be evaluating affordability and reliability. So I think more to come on it, Michael, and what technologies will be necessary to hit these goals, and what works for the states, which technologies make the most sense for our policymakers and communities.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you and much appreciated [Indiscernible]
Lynn Good: All right, Michael. Thanks. Thank you.
Operator: And as
Lynn Good: [Indiscernible]
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Lynn Good: All right. April, I'll take it from here. I want to thank everyone for participating today. I know we have a chance to see many if there all of you next week at EEI. So we look forward to continuing the conversation and IR, of course, is always available if there are questions following this call. So thanks again for your investment.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-05 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Duke Energy Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded.  At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jack Sullivan, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jack Sullivan : Thank you, Cody. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Duke Energy's second quarter 2021 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking information within the meaning of the securities laws. Actual results could differ materially from such forward-looking statements, and those factors are outlined herein and disclosed in Duke Energy's SEC filings. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in today's materials and on dukeenergy.com. Please note the appendix for today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures. So with that, let's turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Jack, thank you, and good morning, everyone. It's great to be with you for our second quarter 2021 earnings call. Today, we announced strong results for the quarter, with adjusted earnings per share of $1.15. These results, driven in part by economic recovery, also demonstrate the continued strength of our clean energy strategy. We are leading the transition to cleaner energy by adding significant amounts of renewables to our portfolio, hardening the grid through investments in our transmission and distribution assets and collaborating with stakeholders and policymakers to advance supportive energy policy. We have positive momentum going into the second half of the year and are reaffirming our 2021 adjusted EPS guidance range of $5 to $5.30. We're also reaffirming our long-term EPS growth rate of 5% to 7% through 2025, based off of $5.15 midpoint for 2021. And we remain fully committed to creating value for shareholders by recently increasing our quarterly cash dividend for the 15th consecutive year. Looking ahead, we have a number of strategic milestones that we're working towards the -- we're working toward in the second half of the year. We anticipate the closing of the minority sale of Duke Energy Indiana to GIC announced earlier this year at an attractive premium to our public equity valuation. This transaction satisfies our equity needs for the next five years. We received CFIUS approval in June. FERC approval is the only remaining closing requirement, and we anticipate receiving approval at any time during the third quarter. We continue engaging with stakeholders on important work in the Carolinas on our 2020 IRPs and energy legislation and in Indiana on our 2021 IRP. I will speak further about those in just a moment. And operationally, we have four remaining months of hurricane season, and our team is ready to respond on behalf of our customers. In July, Elsa was our first official storm of the 2021 season. While we had minimal impact in our Florida and Carolinas service territories, we were prepared and restored power quickly to our customers. I'm very proud of our accomplishments to date and we're poised for a strong finish to 2021. Turning to Slide 5. We continue to advance our clean energy transformation powered by our five-year $59 billion growth capital plan. These investments are delivering value for our customers and communities and driving strong growth for our investors. I want to highlight a couple of recent accomplishments. Renewables are playing a major role in our path to net zero. We continue construction on approximately 250 megawatts of new solar projects in North Carolina and Florida that we expect to bring online by the end of this year. And in recent weeks, we commissioned the 144-megawatt Pflugerville solar and 182-megawatt Maryneal wind projects in Texas. With the completion of these two projects, we hit a significant milestone, surpassing 10,000 megawatts of solar and wind resources. This is a testament to the hard work and dedication of our employees and strong support we receive from the communities where we operate. In addition to carbon reduction and the benefits of creating a diverse energy infrastructure, solar and wind investments foster economic development, tax revenue and job creation in the areas we serve. This milestone reflects our leadership in clean energy, and we are on track to pass 16,000 megawatts of renewables by 2025 and approximately 24,000 megawatts by 2030. By 2050, renewables will represent 40% or more of our energy mix. Nuclear is also a foundational component of our strategy, providing the largest source of reliable carbon-free energy we have in our system. In June, we submitted our application to renew Oconee Nuclear Station's operating licenses for an additional 20 years, which was accepted by the NRC for review. This is our first subsequent license renewal application among our six nuclear sites in the Carolinas, and the review process will move forward over the next 18 months. Oconee is our largest nuclear station, with three generating units that produce more than 2,500 megawatts of carbon-free base flow generation, enough to power more than 1.9 million homes. Our nuclear fleet provided 83% of the company's carbon-free generation in 2020 and avoided the release of nearly 50 million tons of carbon dioxide. We'll pursue similar extensions for each of our remaining reactors as they approach the end of their respective licensing periods. Our ambitious climate strategy also puts us in a strong position to help other sectors, such as transportation, meet their emission reduction goals. We continue to build out electric vehicle infrastructure in our service territories and one of our subsidiaries, eTransEnergy, was recently named a preferred provider by GM to help its fleet customers transition to electric vehicles. Electrifying vehicles is a win-win approach to reducing carbon emissions from both the electric and the transportation sectors. Turning to Slide 6. We're actively engaging policymakers and stakeholders across our jurisdictions and at the federal level. In North Carolina, the House of Representatives recently passed House Bill 951. This legislation directs an orderly clean energy transition for North Carolina, including mandates to retire 12 coal units at five locations and replace them with cleaner forms of generation, renewed solar programs and modern ratemaking tools to better align clean energy investments with customer needs. We support House Bill 951 and will continue to monitor its progress through the legislative process. North Carolina has a long history of constructive energy policy that was developed by finding common ground, which has helped position the state as a leader in clean energy and in economic development. Advancing this clean energy transition continues to be a priority for the state and its leaders. We also continue to work with the commissions in both North and South Carolina to advance our integrated resource plans. Regulators have been complementary of the extensive stakeholder feedback process and comprehensive data incorporated into the IRPs. In South Carolina, we received an order from the commission requesting additional analysis and modeling, which will be filed later this month. And in North Carolina, the commission plans to hold additional proceedings and will be providing guidance on next steps. This is the first time we've presented multiple generation scenarios in the IRP, and we welcome the opportunity to provide our regulators with more input. In Florida, we received the final order from the commission in June, approving the new multiyear rate plan settlement. The significant agreement includes the continued expansion of utility scale solar, energy storage, new electric vehicle charging station programs and provides rate certainty to benefit customers. Among other things, our investments include 10 new solar power plants across the state that will deliver 750 megawatts of cost-effective renewable energy to customers. This multiyear rate plan is in addition to our Storm Protection Plan, which entails $6.2 billion in grid investments through 2029 to harden and strengthen the grid, protecting it against significant weather events and improving reliability for customers. In Indiana, the commission approves Step 2 from our 2019 rate case, which updates rate base through year-end 2020 and trues up carrying costs back to January 1, 2021. As we prepare to submit our Indiana IRP in November, we continue to engage business customers, consumer advocates and environmental groups to solicit input on transitioning to cleaner generation sources while keeping a sharp focus on reliability and affordability for customers. We took an important step in our last rate case by reducing the depreciable lives for our coal capacity and look to the IRP to continue this progress. We'll collaborate with stakeholders and policymakers to find the best path forward for the state's clean energy transition. Shifting to the LDCs. We've filed rate cases in 2 jurisdictions this year. Across our gas segment, we've worked to keep O&M costs relatively flat during a period of strong customer growth and capital additions. Our Piedmont Natural Gas rate request continues to move through the regulatory process in North Carolina. This request includes construction costs related to our new natural gas storage facility in Robeson County. A hearing is scheduled for September. And if approved, rates would be effective by year-end. In Kentucky, we've made strategic investments to improve the reliability and integrity of our natural gas delivery system and filed a request with the Public Service Commission to recover those costs. We've invested nearly $190 million in a variety of capital projects across Northern Kentucky since we last sought a natural gas base rate increase in 2018. We will present our case to the commission in October. And finally, let me comment on the work in D.C. We're engaged with Congress and the administration on a wide range of issues, including infrastructure, tax and climate policy. The bipartisan infrastructure framework is the subject of much discussion and could serve as a powerful catalyst to modernize our nation's infrastructure. It includes funding for large-scale expansion of charging infrastructure to prepare for and further drive adoption of electric vehicles. And as charging infrastructure grows, so will the need for grid investments.  Innovation will also be a critical part of the journey to net zero because with our existing technologies, we can make important progress, but cannot close the gap. We're pleased to see the framework includes funding to accelerate the development of next-generation clean-energy technologies such as hydrogen, carbon capture and advanced nuclear. Robust and sustained government support is vital to ensure the commercialization of these advanced technologies. It's critical for us to tackle this issue today so the technologies are scalable when we need them. In closing, our continued growth and strong second quarter results were driven by solid execution across all our jurisdictions as we lead the largest clean energy transition in our industry. I'm confident we will continue to build on this momentum to deliver sustainable value and grow earnings 5% to 7% over the next 5 years. With that, let me turn it over to Steve.
Steve Young: Thanks, Lynn, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with a brief discussion on our quarterly results, highlighting a few of the key variances to the prior year. For more detailed information on variance drivers and a reconciliation of reported to adjusted results, please refer to the supporting materials that accompany today's press release and presentation. As shown on Slide 7, our second quarter reported earnings per share was $0.96 and our adjusted earnings per share was $1.15. This is compared to a reported loss of $1.13 and an adjusted earnings per share gain of $1.08 last year. The difference between second quarter reported and adjusted earnings per share is due to the onetime impacts of the initiative to redefine workspace usage in light of what we have learned from COVID. This effort involves consolidation of corporate office space and accommodating a hybrid work environment, resulting in a 60% reduction in square footage and annual savings of approximately $25 million to $30 million. The adjusted earnings per share growth in the quarter continues to be strong, led by Electric Utilities and Infrastructure, which was up $0.24 compared to the prior year. Results were favorable due to benefits from base rate increases, favorable volumes, riders and weather. Partially offsetting these items were higher O&M costs due to COVID-19 mitigation efforts in 2020. Shifting to Gas Utilities and Infrastructure, results were down $0.03, primarily due to the cancellation of ACP last year. In our Commercial Renewables segment, results were down $0.06 for the quarter, driven by lower investments in new renewables projects compared to prior year. This is consistent with our guidance in February, and we expect full year 2021 earnings to be within our $200 million to $250 million range. Other was unfavorable $0.04 for the quarter, principally due to less favorable market returns on certain benefit plans and higher income tax expense, partially offset by lower financing costs. Finally, segment results are impacted by $0.04 of share dilution related to the $2.5 billion equity issuance that closed in December 2020. Overall, we had strong results compared to last year, supported by our continued execution and the rebounding economy. We remain confident in our ability to consistently grow our adjusted EPS at 5% to 7% throughout the 5-year period off the 2021 base year. Turning to Slide 8. Let me provide an overview of electric volumes and economic trends. Our results for the second quarter were up approximately 6.5% year-over-year. Keep in mind, we are comparing sales data to Q2 of last year, which experienced the largest impact from COVID-19. Residential volumes were down 6%. However, given stay-at-home orders during the same period last year, the modest decrease indicates many people continue to work from home on at least a part-time basis. In fact, this quarter's results are more than 4% above the second quarter of 2019, highlighting the continued strength of the residential class which is supported by customer growth across our service territories. As reported on our first quarter earnings call, nearly all large commercial and industrial customers have resumed operations in the sector and the sector is showing signs of optimism. The commercial class has rebounded considerably from prior year with an increase of 11.7%. Retail, dining and recreation were all driving the positive year-over-year comparison as most COVID restrictions have been lifted. Similarly, industrial volumes have increased 11.8% for the quarter, whereas volumes had declined 15% last year. We expect improvement in the commercial and industrial classes as employment recovers and supply chain bottlenecks are resolved. As we progress through the back half of the year, we are monitoring the pace of economic recovery and potential impacts of the Delta variant. At the same time, we are encouraged by the sales trends so far this year, along with strong customer growth across our service territories. With Q2 overall retail volumes returning to Q2 2019 levels, we remain confident in our full year expectation of 1% to 2% load growth for 2021 and are trending towards the top half of that range. On Slide 9, I'd like to share an update on where we are with our financing plan and dividend growth. We remain on track with the financing plan we outlined on the fourth quarter call. The proceeds from the GIC minority interest sale, along with our overall financing plan, allow us to maintain a strong credit profile without the need for common equity issuances throughout our 5-year plan. We are on track to complete the North Carolina storm securitization this fall and we recently issued $3 billion of holding company debt at low attractive rates. Finally, we understand the value of our dividend to our investors. This year marks the 95th consecutive year of paying a quarterly cash dividend and the 15th consecutive annual increase. Moving to Slide 10. I want to provide some perspective on timing considerations for the second half of the year and an update on our cost management efforts. We expect volumes will continue to recover over the balance of the year. But as we saw in the second quarter, we expect O&M to be unfavorable in the third quarter when compared to 2020. This is due to the actions we took to significantly reduce O&M during the pandemic, such as deferred outages at our generating stations. Overall, we reduced O&M $320 million in 2020, equivalent to more than 6% of our non-rider recoverable O&M. On our February call, we shared that we plan to sustain 65% or $200 million of those savings and carry them forward into 2021. We are on track to achieve those savings. This is consistent with our cost management track record since 2016. On a consolidated basis, over the past 5 years, our net regulated electric and gas O&M has declined approximately 1% per year, and we expect this trend to continue. Before we open it up for questions, let me close with Slide 11. We remain confident in our 2021 adjusted earnings per share guidance of $5 to $5.30 with a midpoint of $5.15. Our year-to-date results position us well to achieve full year results within this range as we continue to invest in important energy infrastructure to benefit our customers and communities. Our attractive dividend yield, coupled with our long-term earnings growth profile of 5% to 7%, provide a compelling risk-adjusted return for our shareholders. As Lynn discussed, we continue to advance our clean energy strategy, adding new renewable generation and taking steps to extend the lives of our carbon-free nuclear fleet. We continue to engage with state and federal leaders as they work to pave the way for a clean energy future. We're executing our capital plan to support those efforts by investing in our energy grid, all while employing financing solutions that save customers money and add value for shareholders. Duke Energy is well positioned to lead as the pace of change in our industry accelerates, delivering sustainable value to our customers and investors. With that, we'll open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenham Partners. Please go ahead.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey, good morning, guys.
Lynn Good: Good morning, Shahriar.
Steve Young: Good morning.
Shahriar Pourreza: So I appreciate your prepared remarks around House Bill 951, Lynn. Where are we in the process as it stands today? Are you still optimistic? I mean, couldn't help but notice some of the lack of bipartisanship going on. Should we be sort of concerned here at this stage?
Lynn Good: Sure. The bill is moving and we are encouraged by what we're seeing. I think you know that it passed the House. We've seen support from Senate leadership, the energy legislation remains a priority, and the Governor has been clear for some time about his strong commitment to carbon reduction and to renewable investment in the State. So we're encouraged that the legislative branch, executive branch and all of the broad stakeholders involved in this process will find common ground. And that has been the long history in North Carolina, bringing diverse parties together in advancing energy policy.
Shahriar Pourreza: And just -- I want to just elaborate a little bit around sort of the common ground. And I know this isn't obviously a Duke Energy bill and there's a lot of stakeholders involved, but passage of it is going to obviously impact your clean energy transition, right, in the state. Investors kind of want to know if there is a possibility of compromise, i.e., between the draft bill versus legislators' versus the Governor's very vocal comments, right? It's not really your call, but could we see a faster coal retirement outlook, maybe a little less dependency on gas, a bit more solar? I mean the governor wants more. So do you see a path forward to kind of maybe bridge this sort of bid ask that's out there?
Lynn Good: Yes, Shahriar, we do. And I think your comments around -- it's comprehensive, there are many elements to it, you have a broad range of stakeholders, it is natural and expected that there are going to be different points of view in that conversation. And what HB 951 does is it outlines a path to a clean energy transition. And the discussion is centering around that pace, the cost, maintaining reliability. And we would expect that legislators and the administration will evaluate all portions of this draft bill to find the right balance. So I think advancing clean energy transition remains a priority for the state and its leaders as well as its broad range of stakeholders, and we will keep you informed as the bill continues to move.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much. Congrats on the quarter.
Lynn Good: Thank you. Thank you, Shahriar.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Lynn Good: Hi, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning. Can you hear me? Hey, thanks for the time.
Lynn Good: We can hear you.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So at risk of asking more on the legislation, perhaps I can pivot a little bit more strategically, if you don't mind. And I'd love to hear if you have any latest thoughts with regards to undertaking any further review of the company. I know that there's been a lot of, shall we say, noise out there. And would love to hear your latest thoughts there in. I'll leave it as open ended as you'd like to comment.
Lynn Good: Sure. Julien, I assume that's a comment about Elliott Management. And so let me just answer it in that context and then we can take it any place you want to go. We regularly engage with our shareholders. We regularly review our portfolio, our operations and business strategy. And it has -- our approach around engagement has been similar with Elliott. And we have been in discussions with them for over a year, comprehensively reviewing all of the ideas, engaging advisers when we need to, discussing with our board, all of these ideas. And it's not appropriate for me to comment any further on the specifics, but I would confirm to you that we remain open to a constructive engagement, we'll evaluate all proposals, act on those we believe delivers value to our stakeholders. And I would also say that we remain focused on the serving of customers, maintaining our assets, advancing the strategic priorities around our clean energy transition, and that remains unchanged as well.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. Thank you for this answer. Perhaps if I can pivot a little bit differently here as you think about the nonutility side of the business. Can you comment at all on just thoughts on scaling that or not? Obviously, it's not been too core of a focus of late, but given some of the pressures across the wider renewable businesses out there, would be curious what you're seeing, if that's impacting any of your timelines and/or aspirations in the business put all together.
Lynn Good: And Julien, we just crossed an important milestone of renewables, so 10,000 megawatts of renewables, which includes both regulated and nonregulated investment. And we see the growth of renewable energy is important to the clean energy transition. Our commercial team continues to deliver. They are forecasting to achieve $200 million to $250 million per year and have been consistent in accomplishing that. So it remains an important part of the company. It remains an important part of our commitment around carbon reduction, our ESG story in general. And the team is on track to deliver in 2021, 2022 and beyond.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. Excellent. And just to clarify, do you intend to wish you would get this legislation done? I know it's always difficult to say, but any updated thoughts at the end of the forecast period how that might change as you've refined your planning. Might be a little bit early and I know it's transient what could ultimately be included, but I figure -- I'd be remiss if I didn't ask.
Lynn Good: Sure. No. Julien, the plan that we've put in front of you, 2021 to 2025, is not dependent on legislation. We have a high degree of confidence in the ability to achieve our 5% to 7% growth rate. But as we talked about in October of last year and we opened the horizon to what the back half of the decade could look like, we do see acceleration of capital not only in pursuit of retirement of assets and building replacement generation, but also our grid investment as well. So we'll continue to update this in the ordinary course, giving you a view in February of what we think 2026 looks like, but we continue to expect acceleration of capital in the back half of the decade.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. All right. We’ll clarify that later. Thank you so much. Best of luck here.
Lynn Good: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take our next question from Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research.
Jonathan Arnold: Hi, good morning, guys.
Lynn Good: Hi, Jonathan.
Steve Young: Good morning.
Jonathan Arnold: Just on the North Carolina process, in the last quarter when you sort of dissuaded us from being overly concerned about any particular dates, but could you just remind us sort of what the timing in the legislature is through the rest of the year? And just anything we should be looking out procedurally? Or is it essentially open ended?
Lynn Good: Sure. Jonathan, what I would say is that the timing is difficult to predict in these processes. It is within the hands of the legislative leadership. And we will know more as the bill progresses through the Senate. There was, in fact, a hearing this morning in the Senate, so we'll continue to keep you updated. I think you know that the long session in North Carolina does not have a statutory end date. So we will continue to monitor as it moves through the Senate process.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Thank you for that. And then just -- I know just a comment on feeling that you're trending towards the top half of the sales or load forecast for this year. Does that sort of translate into how you feel you're tracking on earnings as well? Or are there other things that are weighing on the other side?
Lynn Good: Jonathan, we will reset and give you a finer look at where we were trending in the guidance range after third quarter. I mean there's just so much weather volatility here in the Southeast. We have hurricane season underway. So we will continue to monitor that and give you an updated third quarter.  But I would say we're off to a strong start. Strong start on the economic rebound, strong start on maintaining our focus on O&M, delivering on our key milestones around regulatory approvals, et cetera. So I'm pleased with where we are and also pleased to see the economic recovery. Those strong results in commercial and industrial are indicative of the economy opening up, and I think that's a good thing.
Jonathan Arnold: Great. And just one very quick one. On the annual savings you talked about for the office reconfiguration, were those -- is that a pretax or after-tax number, the $25 million to $30 million?
Steve Young: That's a pretax number, Jonathan.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Lynn and Steve, so this may have -- I think this may have been asked a little bit, but just wanted to better clarify the -- as we're watching the IRP and the different scenarios that come out, how should we think about what's embedded in your current capital plan versus what might be incremental? Or is it just mainly focused on beyond the current capital plan?
Lynn Good: So Steve, the capital plan is basically the base of the IRP. And so you should think about it that way. The 6 scenarios, as you move further to the right and you introduce additional technologies in the time frame, that's where the legislation begins to come in, giving us some flexibility to move more rapidly on some of the retirements, et cetera. So when we talk about the implications of how IRP fits with the legislation, we've got a clear line of sight 2021 to 2025 based on present law, based on the present processes, present regulatory processes. And the opportunity really exists in the back half of the decade. So that's how I would respond. I don't know, Steve, if you'd add anything to that.
Steve Young: Yes. So I think as you move towards a more rapid decarbonization number, then the capital increases. I think within our current 5-year plan, the upside would be at the back end of things. I would give that texture to it.
Operator: We'll hear next from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Most of my questions have been answered. Just maybe a big picture, Lynn, sort of what are -- sort of what are you and some of the other utility leaders looking at Washington, infrastructure bill sort of is being debated today and then the reconciliation bill going into year-end. Maybe sort of what are sort of the top 2 or 3 things that you see coming out between now and year-end which impacts the sector?
Lynn Good: Yes, Durgesh, I would say the infrastructure bill will continue to make its path. We're supportive of a bipartisan approach. I think as an infrastructure builder, our success over many years has been in a bipartisan framework. We're encouraged by the focus on electric vehicles and electric vehicle infrastructure. As you know, that's been a priority for Duke. We have about $100 million targeted on that investment and there's certainly potential to expand it. The President today also has been advocating for 40% to 50% of vehicles -- electric vehicles by 2030. We are also pleased to see investments in 0 and low-carbon technologies, like advanced nuclear, hydrogen, carbon capture, because we believe those technologies are important for a net 0 world. So that's what I would say around infrastructure. I think on the remaining, the reconciliation process, tax policy, climate legislation are all being discussed. I think it's too early to tell how those shape up. But we are engaged with the administration and with Congress, really talking about the tools that would be helpful for us to pursue our clean energy strategy and see a lot of alignment over time. But as you know, in a tight Senate and House, it can be challenging at times to find the right path. But we remain engaged.
Operator: We'll hear next from Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to start off here. When thinking about the energy transition kind of from a different perspective, I know Duke has some irons in the fire with regards to RNG investments. But do you see any potential to kind of upsize this, increase this over time? Are there policies out there at the federal state level that could be helpful in these efforts?
Lynn Good: We are getting started, I would say, Jeremy, on RNG. It's consistent with our overall climate targets. Certainly, our goals, 100% methane goal, et cetera, and are working actively to learn more about the technology, learn more about how it impacts our system and have made some very strategic investments. And so I do think there's an opportunity for it to develop over time. And the team is working actively with policymakers, with the communities, suppliers that would be relevant to this. And I think it will be a bigger story as we move forward.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. And then could you give any more color, just kind of pivoting here, on what we should be looking for with the IRP filing in Indiana later this year? What are some of the considerations versus maybe what we saw coming out of the Carolinas last year?
Lynn Good: It's a really good question, Jeremy, because we are in the midst of stakeholder engagement in Indiana as well, engagement with the environmental community, with our large customers, certainly the regulators and other policymakers who are relevant to that process. The goal is decarbonizing. The goal is diversifying.  And if you look at our last IRP that we filed in Indiana, we had about 2,300, 2,400 megawatts of solar starting in 2023, we would expect that to grow. And so we've got a couple of more months here in working through the stakeholder process, but we see this as a next step where we -- in the rate case, we accelerated retirement dates of coal plants. The IRP gives us a chance to expand that discussion on the clean energy transition over the next 20 years. And I think it's an important part of the ongoing conversation in Indiana on how the state will position itself for growth in the clean energy transition. So more to come on that. And as we look forward to November, third quarter poll, EEI, et cetera, we'll have more that we can share around Indiana.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. Just a real quick last one for me. We very recently seen some utility peers beef up their corporate governance with certain actions. I was just wondering if Duke has considered taking actions like this.
Lynn Good: I think Duke has a strong track record on governance, Jeremy. If you were to look back at the feedback we've received from shareholders and the additional disclosures and adoption of certain practices that we followed, we have been very open-minded about these and we'll continue to do so. So that becomes a key focus here in the fall as we engage with shareholders, specifically focused on ESG topics. Our Corporate Governance Committee is very involved in that. The Board is very involved in some of the conversations with shareholders as well. So you can expect us to continue to be responsive to our shareholders in this regard.
Operator: We'll hear next from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Lynn, just curious, how are you all thinking about the commercial power business and what the growth profile of that business looks like over the next couple of years relative to investing in renewables in the regulated business? I guess to simplify, what's a better return on capital, investing in renewables outside of the regulated utility or within the regulated utility if you could allocate capital only to one of those alternatives?
Lynn Good: Michael, it's a really good question because we have -- we do a lot of work around capital allocation. Of course, what meets the needs of our customers, what fits the policy of our state, what delivers the highest return, those are all key considerations. And our Commercial Renewables business has performed well against our benchmarks of what we expect from that business in terms of returns.  But what you're suggesting is, as we see more opportunity in the regulated business, how will that impact commercial, and I would say that will be very closely reviewed as part of our capital allocation plan going forward. I think you also know that we entered a joint venture with John Hancock on the commercial renewable business, recycling that capital in the way that it's been quite effective, and those are the types of transactions we will also evaluate over time. We like the business in the context of our ongoing ESG story and our pursuit of carbon reduction, but we'll closely scrutinize how capital is allocated.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Also, one follow-up. A number of your peers, some of the other large caps, think Exelon or AEP, have made investments in -- they're almost like venture capital-like investments in various clean energy-related companies, some of which have gone public in the last 6 to 12 months. Just curious, does Duke have similar type of investments and have you ever made any disclosure? And are any of them material or something that would show up in kind of the income statement over time?
Lynn Good: So Michael, we are active in this area and do make investments. Let me ask Steve to comment. We look at it from a couple of perspectives. Certainly, there's an opportunity to earn a return. But as importantly, there's an opportunity to learn about what's going on in various technology developments and various methods of technologies to serve customers, technologies that could advance carbon reduction. And as part of our treasury corporate development organization, we are focused on investment in that area in a way that complements our business.
Steve Young: Yes. I would add that we have made investments in various venture funds, and we work closely with the fund managers to understand what the investment profile is. And as Lynn said, it's aligned with our strategy. It looks at things like EVs and new technologies. And we also ensure that there is communication among our operating folks with the funds and the companies that we invest in. So we can transfer learnings there. And we've had some good success there. It's not been material, but we're certainly learning a lot from them.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Lynn, Steve, just, I guess, a quick question. Earlier in the year, Duke had been able to resolve rate case in North Carolina. Florida, I think, last year you resolved Indiana. But just are there any other Duke properties or Duke utilities underearning you're allowed and maybe creating more of a headwind than you thought versus when you went in the year? I think you provided some disclosure on the fourth quarter slide deck of maybe adjusted book ROEs going into the year. Just -- is everyone on target? Or is some of them may be performing better than you thought or less than you thought?
Steve Young: Anthony, they're performing well. We do look over time at our allowed returns. And we've got a good history across our footprint of earning at or even above our allowed returns. And they'll move around a bit as you're building a rate base for an upcoming rate case. So you'll see some movement around a return based upon some of those profiles. But we feel good about our regulatory cadence and our investments around that cadence. And the execution has been good. The Indiana case and the Carolinas case are coming through nicely. And we're preparing for the future cases that Lynn was discussing. And we think that process is working well.
Lynn Good: And Anthony, I would just add that Steve runs a tight process around optimizing capital to make sure it's getting spent at a time that matches with that regulatory calendar. So we do all that we know to do to minimize lag. And the result of that is that we have a good track record of earning our return.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And just a last one for me. You may have touched on it earlier, Lynn, on a question, I think, on maybe some stuff going on in Washington. There's talk of maybe a nuclear legislation or some maybe subsidy for nuclear plants. You're talking about license extension on Oconee. Just any thoughts to maybe your view on nuclear legislation that may be part of the infrastructure bill. And would it impact Duke?
Lynn Good: So Anthony, we are strong supporters of nuclear, as you know. And I think, as you look here in the Carolinas, in particular, 50% of the power comes from nuclear across the entire enterprise. 80% of our carbon-free generation is from nuclear. So we are very active. We intend to pursue second license renewal as you indicated. And the discussion in Washington has really centered more around the plants that are exposed to markets, commercial markets. So think about plants in PJM and otherwise. But we have had discussions with a number of people about the importance of nuclear in the transition, and I do believe it is being recognized by the administration and by Congress. And so that's an important area of advocacy for us, not only in existing plants, but on new technologies that would keep nuclear as part of the solution set for the clean energy transition.
Operator: And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would turn the conference back over to Lynn Good for closing remarks.
Lynn Good: Well, thank you, Cody, and thanks to all of you who participated today for your interest and investment in Duke Energy. And as always, we're available for further discussion, the IR team, Steve and I as well. So thanks again for participating.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-10 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Duke Energy First Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. And now, at this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Jack Sullivan. Please, go ahead. 
Jack Sullivan: Thank you, April. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Duke Energy's first quarter 2021 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking information, within the meaning of the securities laws. Actual results could differ materially from such forward-looking statements and those factors are outlined herein and disclosed in Duke Energy's SEC filings. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in today's materials and on dukeenergy.com. Please note, the appendix for today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures. So with that, let's turn the call over to Lynn. 
Lynn Good: Jack, thank you and good morning, everyone. We're pleased to be with you to share our results and the excellent progress we're making on our strategic initiatives. Today we announced adjusted earnings per share of $1.26 for the quarter, delivering strong results to start the year, driven by growth at our electric utilities. Our first quarter results demonstrate the power of our clean energy strategy and our ability to execute that strategy. We also continue to tightly manage costs that engage stakeholders throughout our business, as we develop and implement smart policy solutions. With the first quarter behind us and a clear path forward, we are reaffirming our 2021 adjusted EPS guidance range of $5 to $5.30, with a midpoint of $5.15 and our long-term EPS growth rate of 5% to 7% through 2025, based off the $5.15 midpoint. Turning to slide five. Just over a year ago we launched our comprehensive response to COVID-19. And although the pandemic is not behind us, I'm very proud of our response, demonstrating our commitment to health safety and customer service in the face of very difficult circumstances. But as I reflect on the past year, we accomplished so much more. We made the difficult but appropriate decision to step away from the Atlantic Coast Pipeline. We hosted a successful ESG Day, clearly articulating our clean energy vision and how we are pursuing the largest fleet transition in the US. We actively participated in stakeholder meetings in the Carolinas, focused on our clean energy transition and regulatory reforms necessary to recover those investments, laying the groundwork for comprehensive energy legislation. We announced a market-leading transaction with GIC, delivering $2 billion of accretive investment into our company and eliminating the need for equity over the five-year period. We maintained a sharp focus on our cost structure, operational excellence and customer service, delivering industry-leading safety results and surpassing our internal customer satisfaction target by nearly 15%. We outlined an updated five-year $59 billion capital plan and raised our growth rate to 5% to 7%. Further, we achieved numerous regulatory outcomes, including the successful completion of our first rate case in Indiana in 16 years, resulting in multi-year rate increases, accelerated depreciation of coal plants and recovery of coal ash costs. We reached comprehensive settlements in our North Carolina rate cases with a broad range of stakeholders, which have been approved by the NCUC. We reached a comprehensive settlement on coal ash recovery, providing customers with near-term benefits, while establishing recovery with a return in the years to come, which was also approved. And finally, in Florida, we received approval of a new multi-year rate plan, as well as the Clean Energy Connection Program and the first three years of our Storm Protection Plan. In light of these accomplishments, which included eliminating uncertainties and creating a clear vision for growth, the stock has performed well and we're poised to deliver even more in 2021. Turning to slide six. We're leading the way to cleaner energy and continue to make progress toward our 2030 goals and our target of net zero emissions by 2050. Across our jurisdictions, we're engaging with policymakers and stakeholders to accelerate the transition, while keeping a sharp focus on reliability and affordability. I wanted to provide an update on the legislative session in North Carolina. As we discussed in February, ongoing work continues to build alignment on the shared objectives that came out of the Clean Energy Plan process. These shared objectives include North Carolina's clean energy transition, as well as the regulatory reforms that provide for timely recovery of these investments. We are now entering the middle phase of the legislative long session and the legislative process, including opportunities to introduce new legislation is expected to continue into the summer months. We continue to see momentum from a broad range of stakeholders to make progress on these objectives in 2021 and we remain optimistic for comprehensive energy legislation this year, aligned with our shared goals of generation transition and regulatory reforms needed to enable that change. Moving to Florida. Our DEF utility, continue to enjoy robust growth, deliver strong returns and support important energy infrastructure for the benefit of customers. Our constructive relationship with customer and consumer groups has resulted in the advancement of critical infrastructure investments that accelerate our shared clean energy vision. This was clearly demonstrated with the Public Service Commission's approval of our multiyear base rate settlement on May 4. As the commission noted in the ruling, the settlement was the culmination of extensive engagement with many interested parties including the Office of Public Counsel. We appreciate the Commissioner's complementary remarks on our robust process to reach settlement, keeping the interest of all stakeholders in mind and arriving at a fair and equitable rate design. The settlement approval provides clarity through 2024 and includes recovery of significant investments in the grid solar generation and electric vehicle infrastructure. This settlement builds on our Clean Energy Connection solar program and Storm Protection Plan grid program, as we continue to advance our transition to net-zero emissions. Our Florida operation positioned well for the economic rebound continues to build momentum with investments aligned to our clean energy transition. Shifting to Indiana. We're making progress as we move through the state's integrated resource plan process. We've hosted multiple stakeholder sessions receiving input from various interested parties as we collaborate on the path forward, all while ensuring our system remains reliable as we transition to new energy sources. Stakeholders have always been a part of the IRP process in Indiana and their feedback is valuable as we evaluate a number of possible scenarios for future generation. Our filing will be submitted in November of this year, continuing our progress toward the energy transition in the state. At the federal level, we are actively engaged with policymakers on climate infrastructure and tax policy. We support policies that pave the way to net-zero emissions while ensuring customer affordability and reliability. We also support investments in research and development for new clean technologies, which will be critical to achieving net-zero. To that end, we see permitting reform as a solution to help streamline the process to build infrastructure without compromising community involvement and environmental protections. Electrification has also entered the climate discussions and represents an exciting opportunity to address transportation sector emissions. In the months ahead, we expect more clarity in the form and content of these policies, potentially an infrastructure bill, tax incentive extensions, and regulatory proposals among others. We will continue to advocate for policies that support and accelerate our clean energy transition emphasizing the importance and maintaining affordability and reliability for our customers. We will keep you informed along the way. It's important at this early stage, however, to recognize that we see great alignment between our vision of a net-zero clean energy future and the policies that are being discussed. Shifting to slide 7. It's clear our industry is transforming and the pace of change is increasing. Duke Energy is not only keeping pace with this change, but we are at the forefront. Our transition to net-zero is enabled by our growing capital plan, which in the back half of the decade ranges from $65 billion to $75 billion. This range of investment is consistent with our integrated resource plan filings and includes up to 15 to 20 gigawatts of additional renewable investment tripling the amount of renewables on our system by 2030. We are also planning for retirements of seven gigawatts of coal-only capacity, an amount that could increase as policies and regulations continue to unfold in this decade. The ultimate pace of our clean energy transition will be shaped by a variety of factors, including state and federal clean energy regulations and policies. We are actively engaged with policymakers and regulators on this important topic and are prepared to move as quickly as state and federal regulation and policy allow. We remain confident in achieving our carbon reduction and earnings growth goals, as we continue the execution of our clean energy vision creating value for our customers and growth for our investors. Shifting to slide 8. We carried our momentum forward in our environmental social and governance commitments, following our ESG Day and fourth quarter call in February. In April, we released our 15th consecutive sustainability report, outlining our tremendous progress during 2020 and we've reached additional milestones in just the last few months. In March, we retired a 270-megawatt coal unit in DEC, ahead of schedule, marking the 52nd coal unit closed across the enterprise. We also announced the accelerated closure of our Gallagher Station in Indiana, bringing the retirement forward 1.5 years to June of 2021. These decisions place us another step closer to our goal of removing all coal-only units from our portfolio in the Carolinas by 2030 and advances the targets for our Midwest utilities as well. As we retire coal, we are also adding renewables and other clean energy infrastructure across our system. In our Commercial Renewables business, we placed the 350-megawatt Frontier II wind farm in service in Oklahoma during the quarter. And in the regulated business we placed 220 megawatts of solar in service in the Carolinas and Florida. Our electric vehicle strategy remains front and center as we continue to position Duke Energy as a key enabler of mass electric vehicle adoption. With commission approvals in the Carolinas and Florida, we're investing $100 million to implement pilot programs to support decarbonization of the electric sector across the Southeast. And we had joined the Electric Highway Coalition to help expand chartering infrastructure across the nation's highways aligned with many of our peer utilities. I'm also pleased to share that we're one of the first in the industry to release EEO diversity data, as part of our sustainability report, demonstrating not only our commitment to transparency, but also to moving the needle on our diversity and inclusion metrics across the enterprise. Beyond that, we are one of the first in the industry to issue a report detailing our trade association memberships and their positions on climate change. It's these types of disclosures and transparent reporting that have earned us top rankings for investor transparency. And finally last week we announced three new directors to join our Board maintaining a strong focus on diversity, as well as bringing a wide range of backgrounds and skills to the table. Each of these steps highlights our keen focus on ESG priorities and we look forward to sharing additional updates throughout the year as we make progress on our strategy. With the first quarter behind us and a clearly defined strategy ahead of us, I'm confident in Duke Energy's strong growth trajectory and believe our investment plan will deliver sustainable value and 5% to 7% growth over the next five years. And with that let me turn it over to Steve. 
Steve Young: Thanks Lynn and good morning everyone. I'll start with a brief discussion on our quarterly results highlighting a few of the key variances in the prior year. For a more detailed information on the various drivers and a reconciliation of reported to adjusted results please refer to the supporting materials that accompany today's press release and presentation. As shown on Slide 9, our first quarter reported earnings per share were $1.25 and our adjusted earnings per share were $1.26. This is compared to reported and adjusted earnings per share of $1.24 and $1.14 last year. Please see our non-GAAP reconciliation including in the earnings release for more details. Within the segments, Electric Utilities and Infrastructure was up $0.15 compared to the prior year. Results were favorable due to benefits from base rate increases in North Carolina, Florida, Indiana and Kentucky weather year-over-year and timing of O&M expenses. Partially offsetting these items were lower retail and wholesale volumes and higher depreciation costs on our growing investment base. Shifting to Gas Utilities and Infrastructure results were flat year-over-year. Results were primarily driven by continued margin growth at the LDCs and new retail rates in Tennessee, offset by the cancellation of ACP last year. In our Commercial Renewables segment, results were down $0.04 for the quarter largely driven by the impact of the Texas weather event. Other was favorable $0.06 for the quarter, principally due to higher market returns and certain benefit plans as well as lower holding company financing costs. Finally segment results are impacted by the allocation of dilution related to the $2.5 billion equity forward that settled in December 2020 which totaled $0.05 for the quarter. Overall, we were pleased with the strong results compared to last year further illustrating how we continue to execute on our business and regulatory strategies. It's these excellent results and our strong start to the year that ensure, we are well positioned to meet the 2021 guidance we shared in February. We remain confident in our ability to consistently grow our adjusted earnings per share at 5% to 7% throughout the 5-year period off of the 2021 base year. Turning to Slide 10. Let me provide an overview of electric volumes and economic trends. Our results for the first quarter were down approximately 1% year-over-year. Keep in mind that we are comparing sales data to a quarter last year that had little impact from COVID-19. Residential volumes were up 2.6% over last year driven by continued strong customer growth in our service territories and ongoing remote learning and work-from-home policies. The winter surge in COVID-19 cases impacted our commercial class, which was down 5% for the quarter. As vaccination rates continue to climb and restrictions ease, we expect a strong improvement in the commercial class through the rest of the year. While industrial volumes were down 2% for the quarter, nearly all of our large commercial and industrial customers have resumed or operations and the sector is showing signs of optimism. The ISM Manufacturing Index, a key indicator of economic activity was 64.7 in March, its highest reading since 1983. As we look back, we continue to expect 1% to 2% load growth in 2021. This is supported by our early look at April volumes which showed strong sales across all customer classes. Our service territories are well-positioned for sustained growth over the long-term. We operate in four of the top eight states for population migration, a testament to the attractive business environments of our service territories and electricity rates well below the national average. In fact, Apple recently announced a $1 billion investment in North Carolina that will bring 3,000 jobs to the research triangle area highlighting the governor's commitment to economic development in the state. Turning to slide 11. We remain active in the regulatory arena engaging stakeholders as we see constructive outcomes and smart solutions for our customers. In North Carolina, we received orders in our DEC and DEP rate cases, which approved key settlements we reached with interveners. These settlements incorporate significant infrastructure investment providing benefits to our customers. The orders include approval of a 9.6% ROE and 52% equity capital structure deferral treatment for approximately $1.2 billion in grid improvement plan projects and resolution of coal ash recovery through early 2030. We have also mitigated customer rate increases with EDIT flowback from the 2018 tax rate change and strong cost securitization. Overall, we are very pleased with the outcomes in these rate cases. As Lynn noted our settlement in Florida was approved last week. The settlement includes investments in renewables and the grid the approval of an ROE band of 8.85% to 10.85% and a 53% equity capital structure. Importantly, the ROE band also includes a trigger mechanism that protects against rising interest rates. Additionally, it approves accelerated depreciation for coal plants and the Vision Florida program which funds $100 million in emerging technologies. Turning to our LDC business. Our Tennessee gas rate case settlement was approved. Looking forward, we expect to complete two rate filings this year. Piedmont filed a North Carolina rate case in March, which includes investments in our Robeson LNG facility, pipeline integrity management and system infrastructure growth to support our rapidly growing customer base. We expect an evidentiary hearing in September and new rates to be effective later this year. And in Kentucky, we submitted our prefiling notice on April 30 indicating our intention to file a natural gas rate case in June. Our ability to execute on our robust capital plan and grow our investment base is underpinned by a healthy balance sheet and solid credit ratings. So far this year, we have raised approximately $1.4 billion in long-term debt for DEC and Piedmont with both transactions pricing at very attractive rates. We expect to close the first tranche of the minority sale of Duke Energy Indiana to GIC by the middle of this year and are on track to complete the North Carolina storm securitization in 2021. The proceeds from the GIC transaction along with our overall financing plan allow us to maintain a strong credit profile without the need for common equity issuances throughout the five-year plan. Looking ahead to second quarter and beyond, I want to provide some perspective on timing considerations for the balance of the year. Our expectations are that volumes will recover over the balance of the year with a 1% to 2% increase over 2020. Having said that, our second quarter will reflect the cancellation of ACP. And as we discussed in the year-end call, we expect O&M to be unfavorable in the second and third quarters due to the significant COVID mitigation actions we took in the spring and summer of 2020. Before we open it up for questions, let me close with slide 13. We remain confident in our 2021 adjusted earnings per share guidance of $5 to $5.30 with a midpoint of $5.15. Our first quarter results position us well to achieve full year results within this range, as we continue to invest in important energy infrastructure that our communities value. Our attractive dividend yield coupled with our long-term earnings growth from investments in our regulated utilities provide a compelling risk-adjusted return for shareholders. As Lynn discussed in her opening remarks, we continue to advance our clean energy strategy with a keen focus on affordability and reliability, keeping customers at the center of all we do. Duke Energy is well positioned to lead as the pace of change in our industry accelerates, delivering sustainable value to our customers and investors. With that, we'll open the line for your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll first hear from Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning, Lynn, Steve.
Lynn Good: Good morning, Shar.
Steve Young: Good morning.
Shar Pourreza: So just touching on the North Carolina legislative process and maybe just following up a little bit on your prepared remarks, Lynn. I mean, obviously recognizing, you guys are in the middle of a lengthy comprehensive legislative process and we know you can't get into too many details here but you seem obviously you're optimistic which is good. But we are coming up on the house filing deadline and the crossover dates and everyone is hyper-focused on sort of these time lines. Can you maybe just elaborate, why you're still optimistic given a very tight window? What's sort of giving you this sense of optimism?
Lynn Good: Sure. And Shar thanks for the question. Our optimism is really centered on the broad support for comprehensive energy legislation that exists within the state. We've been talking for some time about the robust process that occurred in 2020 and under the governor's Clean Energy Plan. So the administration, the environmental communities, solar developers, industrial customers, Duke Energy, others have been at the table and there is broad support to move forward in 2021. I think the other thing that's important to note, which I tried to emphasize in the remarks is we're in the middle of the session. But that legislative process which includes the opportunity to introduce bills will continue and is expected to continue well into the summer. So one thing I would just point out is if we think back to 2017, when House Bill 589 was moving, it was actually introduced in June, which was well past crossover dates and then became law at the end of July. So the timing and approach to advance the bill is in the hands of legislative leadership and we remain – we'll remain patient, as they work through their process. But as I said, we have optimism based on the broad support for this legislation.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. So just – so basically, some time in the summer is when you expect an introduction.
Lynn Good: I don't want to point to a specific time frame, Shar but do think we'll have data points to talk about this summer including, we'll be back in front of all of you in early August. The timing is really in the hands of legislative leadership which is where it belongs to advance the bill. And so we'll continue to keep you updated. But the optimism, as I said before, really centers on the broad support.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then just lastly for me. Remind us, what some of the key priorities there are around the legislation and maybe potential treatment we could see come about. I mean so if we're thinking about performance-based rate making, ROE bands, formula rates, rate basing renewables, is everything on the table right now or some facets not palatable? So just a bit of a sense on some of the pushes and takes that you're seeing.
Lynn Good: Sure. And Shar, I think all of the things you mentioned kind of fit under the broad objectives, where there's alignment. So transition away from coal, advancing renewables, regulatory and ratemaking reforms. And so when I – when we use the word comprehensive and you list all of those things underneath, you can see that there are a number of key issues that will be addressed. And so, we'll have more to say as this progresses. The other point I would emphasize is the five-year plan, the 5% to 7%, the 2021 guidance that we've put in front of you is not predicated on a specific outcome of this legislation. It has a more dramatic impact on the back part of the decade as we accelerate the transition into 2030. So, we think good progress is being made and we'll continue to update you.
Shahriar Pourreza: Terrific. Congrats on the results. Thank you guys.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Shah.
Steve Young: Thank you.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey good morning team. Congratulations.
Lynn Good: Good morning, Julien.
Steve Young: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, thank you. Perhaps just to pick up where that last one was left off. Can you provide a little bit more color on how you and legislators are thinking about customer bill implications here? How do you make the legislators comfortable with the rate increases, or how do you think about compromise therein right? You mentioned a number of different specific pieces that constitute this. Just can you elaborate a little bit more?
Lynn Good: Sure. And Julien, reliability and affordability have been front and center really dating back into 2020 in the stakeholder process. So, all of the things that we're talking about here around transition, around renewables around regulatory reforms will be looked at within the construct of reliability and affordability and that's appropriate, if you think about the growing economy here in the Carolinas. So that -- those topics are being discussed and should be discussed.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. Excellent. And just to clarify I think I saw this in your remarks, but the introduction of verbiage into any bill here the crossover date seemingly doesn't necessarily matter here. It's really as you said earlier to emphasize the summer time line matters most as you think about a '22 rate case timing right?
Lynn Good: '22 rate case, I don't know about that, Julien. We don't have specific plans around the rate case in 2022. But I would -- your point around the summer, the legislative process continues into the summer. And as the calendar lays out in the Carolinas, the long session doesn't have a required end date. So, we'll continue to keep you apprised of the developments in the summer and again remain optimistic.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. Fair enough. The point was there was a broad latitude. Quickly Steve, just if I can ask you to elaborate your comments are intriguing here with respect to load trends. How are you thinking about the 1% to 2% increase, as you've contemplated formally versus your seeming acceleration commentary into April here? Can you reconcile with it just a tad?
Steve Keith: Well, we've got a good bit more to learn as we move through the second quarter, but the April results look solid for us. That's one month. I think, as vaccinations roll out and stimulus funding comes into play and so forth, we are seeing the economy pick up. And we're seeing activities at our customer base pick up as well. So, whether the 1% to 2% growth is light or in the ballpark correct, we feel confident with it. We'll update that as we move forward into the next quarter and have a bit more data. But we are encouraged by what we're seeing across our footprint. And we are encouraged by the customer growth, which continues to be high and that underpins it. 
Lynn Good: Julien, you might have seen on the front page of the journal today, they were highlighting communities that have been benefiting from migration. Greenville, South Carolina is on the list. So, we've continued to see good customer growth and hope to be surprised to the upside, but the 1% to 2% I think is a good planning assumption. We've sized our cost structure to be consistent with that. So we're continuing to manage the business really tightly.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Congratulations.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Julien.
Operator: Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research has our next question. 
Steve Fleishman: Yes, hi. Good morning, Lynn and Steve.
Lynn Good: Hi, Steve.
Steve Keith: Good morning.
Steve Fleishman: Hi. So just apologies for beating a dead horse here, but just the legislative process, is there anything to read into the fact that these utility-related bills or clean energy-related bills were not addressed early in the session? Were there certain other priorities that kind of came ahead, or just anything to reason kind of why that happened? 
Lynn Good: Yes, I wouldn't read anything into it. It's comprehensive energy legislation with a broad group of stakeholders. And one of the reasons I pointed to HB 589, they introduced in June of 2017 is because you may not remember that bill specifically but it included PURPA reform and also included a pathway for renewables over a multiyear period. So, the time line how to advance the bill time frame always within the hands of the legislative leadership and we continue to work with a broad range of stakeholders. But I don't think there's anything specific that I would point to on the timing. We remain optimistic that it will move forward.
Steve Fleishman: Great. Okay, great. And then how about an update on the approvals of the Indiana transaction? Just I know you said midyear. Has there been any intervention any process to kind of monitor there? 
Lynn Good: Sure. Sure. So, two things remain Steve, CFIUS approval and FERC approval. There have been some filings in the FERC docket back and forth Sierra Club CAC others. In our view, the issues that are being raised are not really relevant to what FERC is evaluating. And further there have been strong support from our wholesale customers. And so, we still believe kind of middle of the year is appropriate timing for that. CFIUS has recently notified that they're moving to another phase which is quite common. With the case load that they have to reach agreement within 45 days of approval is increasingly uncommon. So, again, we think midyear is the right time line for both of those approvals and we'll continue to keep you updated.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. I guess my last question just could you give us a sense of the IRP schedule just since it kind of could interact with legislation? Just what is the latest on the IRP schedule?
Lynn Good: Yes. So, the IRP is moving in two ways, Steve. In North Carolina, there have been public hearings underway. The North Carolina Commission does not approve the IRP, but rather provide feedback. And so, we are on pace to hear from them we believe likely in the fall in North Carolina. And then in South Carolina, there was a hearing that began on April 26. It has wrapped up. South Carolina does approve. This is a part of Act 62 that you may remember from a couple of years ago. We expect an order from them by June 28. And I think what's important in South Carolina is the Office of Regulatory Staff is supportive. In fact, it's complementary of the work that we accomplished with the IRP. And so we believe we'll get good feedback from the South Carolina Commission as well June -- end of June for that timeframe.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, great. Okay, thank you.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: And we'll hear from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd: Hi good morning.
Lynn Good: Hi Steve.
Stephen Byrd: Wanted to just discuss the Indiana IRP, I guess, a little bit more broadly. And I was interested in trying to compare the dynamics in Indiana versus say in the Carolinas. I'm thinking about things like different renewables costs different generation cost structures feedback you've received so far in terms of priorities in Indiana. How would you at a high level sort of characterize some of the maybe differences and similarities as you compare sort of the resource mix and where you may head in Indiana versus say in the Carolinas?
Lynn Good: So, Steve, a heavier coal mix in Indiana as you know. Some wind availability in terms of resource capability in Indiana more so than in the Carolinas. Solar is available but would have a slightly different capacity profile than in the southeast as you can imagine. And so, we have been in active conversations in Indiana on the appropriate transition for some time. You may recall that in the rate case that was approved in July, we actually accelerated depreciation shortening the lives of the assets. And the legislature in Indiana has also undertaken a review and a clean energy task force of how the state can keep making progress. And so we see this IRP filing is a way for us to continue discussions with all the parties, how can we accelerate, how can Indiana maintain control of their destiny, how can we bring in renewables in a cost-effective way is there a role for natural gas as we move away from coal. And good conversations are underway and expect to have more to say as we get closer to that filing, Stephen, but I would share with you that we're building on conversations that have been underway in the state for some time. 
Stephen Byrd : That's really helpful. And maybe just focusing on renewables. And I'm just curious what data points you're seeing in terms of cost of equipment, availability of equipment a common theme among investor discussions is just sort of availability of renewable equipment sort of supply chain sort of stresses along the way. Are you all seeing any sort of data points along those lines, or is it broadly that equipment is available, costs continue to be fairly low? 
Steve Young: Yes. I'll take that Stephen. We have in our Commercial Renewables business pretty extensive input to the supply chain. And so we have a good diverse set of vendors that we utilize for the various services there. We haven't seen any anomalies or stresses at this point that interfere with our projects and moving them online.  We saw some challenges in 2020 related to COVID and worker availability along the supply chain. But as that has been relieved that has helped move along. We're keeping an eye on increasing price pressures as we are across our entire footprint not just the renewable standpoint. But at this point, we haven't seen anything of what I would call dramatic. 
Lynn Good: Stephen, the one thing I would add to that, I think is we monitor the acceleration of policy discussions at the federal level. And we also see how our states and customers are moving. We continue to keep our eye on what signs of supply chain are we going to need in order to accomplish all of these objectives. And I think that is going to be something that every utility is looking at.  In the near-term, there could be some pricing pressures as we all try to figure out how to get on our front foot. But I suspect, if there's a lot of support for this growth that supply chains will continue to expand. And we'll look for ways we can find the lowest cost for customers. So it is a front-of-mind issue for us broadly not only for the coming year and projects on the docket, but over the long-term as we look at the size of these capital spending plans that we have in front of us. 
Stephen Byrd : That's extremely helpful. And maybe just one last one at a high level at the federal legislative level. I'm just curious your take on the prospects for clean energy support is sort of broader legislation that may pass. What is your sense as to the prospects for getting further support for clean energy and perhaps for transmission and other asset classes as well? 
Lynn Good: Stephen, I think it's early and there are a lot of things being discussed as you know, infrastructure, clean energy policies, tax policy. And so I do think we are encouraged by the conversations around clean tech R&D, electric vehicles, some discussion around permitting reform. Tax policy, we expect to have some incentives around clean energy investment, which will be to the benefit of our customers.  So we remain engaged and we'll know more about how these things take shape over the course of the summer and continue to be encouraged that there might be a bipartisan way to approach infrastructure. I think there's an upcoming bipartisan infrastructure week in early June because I think that could be needed investment in the economy and certainly great for Duke if that were to move forward. 
Stephen Byrd : Very good. Thank you so much.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Jonathan Arnold of Vertical Research Partners. 
Jonathan Arnold: Good morning, guys. And thank you…
Lynn Good: Hi, Jonathan.
Steve Young: Good morning.
Jonathan Arnold: Thanks for the color. So it was reported a while back, Lynn, that the house was sort of the venue that was seen to be taking the lead on the legislation in North Carolina. Is that the case, or is that sort of something that's moving around here? 
Lynn Good: So the house is taking the lead Jonathan. And all the comments I've made continue remain we're working our way through it. 
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And as we've talked about greater flexibility on dates should we be looking for them to sort of formally move any of these dates, or is that just -- it's just more that the process is fluid in a long fashion? 
Lynn Good: I wouldn't expect the dates that you're referencing like crossover and so on to move, Jonathan. I think the bigger point is that legislation and introduction of bills and amendment of bills and other things can move throughout the legislative session. So it's not dependent on those specific dates.
Jonathan Arnold: Thank you. Okay. And just a couple of other things there. Steve, the 1% to 2% sales growth, am I correct that that's the full year number, or is it rather than your sort of balance-of-year number?
Steve Young: That's a full year number, Jonathan, and that takes into account what we expected to see in the first quarter of 2021 knowing that there was still some carryforward in winter surge and so forth, but the 1% to 2% is the entire year.
Jonathan Arnold: And how does what you did see in first quarter sort of marry up with what you were expecting to see?
Steve Young: Given the winter surge, it was not surprising to see the drop there. And so we expected that to occur compared to 2020. So I think it was fairly well in line. What we're encouraged by is the early signs from April and that's just one month quite strong and some of the other indices. So, again, we would feel confident in the 1% to 2%, and we'll see if there's upside to that as we move to the next quarter.
Jonathan Arnold: Thank you. And then just finally you said in the 10-K that you thought winter storm Uri was going to be a $75 million to $100 million of pre-tax event for you. And I think the slide showed was a $0.04 hit in the quarter. So that seems to be quite a bit less than you originally thought. Could you just talk about what went on between sort of one date and the other?
Lynn Good: Jonathan that's filing was an early estimate. And as we learned more and got more information on how the transactions actually settled and came through the $0.04 is what we experienced. Steve, would you add anything?
Steve Young: Yes. That's right. It was a quick and fast look. We needed to get some information out about that on that early estimate, but as we worked with the individual customers and off-takers and tax equity partners, there was different allocations of events and it resulted in less of a loss.
Jonathan Arnold: Great. Thanks for that, and…
Lynn Good: Thank you, Jonathan.
Operator: And Michael Weinstein of Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: Hi. Good morning.
Lynn Good: Hi, Michael.
Michael Weinstein: Hey, could you also comment on the recent headlines that the Biden administration has support for nuclear, maybe talking about nuclear PTC? I'm just wondering how that affects the calculus in a regulated context in terms of as you apply for license renewals going forward do you see the plants -- do you see federal support as helping or maybe no change from before? Any I'm not sure. Yes.
Lynn Good: I think any support, federal support and other support for nuclear is important, Michael. We are big proponents of nuclear power at Duke Energy. If you think about the Carolinas 50% of the energy comes from carbon-free nuclear. And so we are on path to seek second license renewal for all of our plants, and we're also engaged on some new technologies from the standpoint of providing operating experience for the advanced nuclear that we believe will be helpful to get to net zero. And so when I listen to incentives around nuclear that you were referencing, I think, they can be quite important for technology development and for encouraging further expansion of nuclear power as part of the net zero plan. 
Michael Weinstein: I mean, do you think it changes the discussion around the IRP though going forward? So how much nuclear will be in the future in 2030 and beyond?
Lynn Good: It could. I don't think at this early stage it will. Michael one of the things that we're in discussions with the commissions about and the IRP is all of them are based on historic tax policy. So any incentives around extended renewables, nuclear, offshore, wind, transmission all of those would be updates and generally, more cost-effective for customers. So we will continue to update these IRP plans as we go forward. And as I said a couple of times, the support for new technologies we think is really important because as we get kind of to that 70% to 80% carbon reduction working towards net zero, we need technologies we don't have today. And that's where the advanced nuclear could show up carbon capture, hydrogen and other things. So we're big advocates of keeping attention on that and funding in a way that will help those technologies get to commercial scale. 
Michael Weinstein: And along the same lines RNG, renewable natural gas is there other plans to blend that into Piedmont system? And where do you see -- and how do you see that developing over the next 20 years?
Lynn Good: Sure. So we have made some investments Michael and sustain RNG, which makes advanced methane -- uses advanced methane generation technology to produce renewable natural gas from dairy farms. And so we're really working with the technology today with the hope that we can introduce it in our Piedmont system or our system in the Midwest and Tennessee as we go forward. And that coupled with our commitment to net zero methane by 2030 makes a strong statement about our commitment to lowering carbon in our LDC business.
Michael Weinstein: Great. Thank you very much.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: Next we hear from Jeremy Tonet of JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Steve Young: Good morning.
Lynn Good: Hi, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to turn over to the Commercial Renewables segment, if I could here. And I just want to see does the Duke Energy Sustainable Solutions rebranding signal kind of an interest to potentially expand this business, or even if the Biden administration, if the plans come through with kind of greater tax incentives on this side, would Duke look to ramp up growth in Commercial Renewables?
Lynn Good: The branding Jeremy I would characterize as us being responsive to the market. We have a lot of work going on with large industrial and commercial customers looking for customized solutions as they work to achieve their own sustainability goals. It could take the form of commercial renewables. It could take the form of micro grids. It could take the form of supporting electrification of industrial processes or transportation. And so we have been working with these large customers for some time and thought this would be a helpful way just to bring a comprehensive set of solutions to those customers as we go forward. And I believe that customization is going to be an important part of the decarbonization journey for large industrial commercial customers as we move forward. 
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That makes sense. And maybe just touching a bit on slide 16, advancing EV infrastructure here. Just wondering if you could talk us through how you think the complete opportunity set is here. Could this represent upside to CapEx as you see it over the next 10 years?
Lynn Good: We do see opportunities for more CapEx. And frankly, we see opportunities for more load growth as we -- as customers adopt the technology and we see increasing utilization on the part of our communities and municipalities et cetera. So we have been very active in this Jeremy with conversations around all of our jurisdictions trying to get a base level of infrastructure in place to encourage adoption and then working directly with -- like the City of Charlotte we're partnering with them on electrification and municipal buses working with school districts. Anything that we can do to bring our expertise around electrification to this important transition, I think represents an incredible opportunity for us. All these individuals have sustainability goals. All these communities, many of them have sustainability goals. And then I think as you see the auto manufacturers and others transitioning to electric, we want to have the infrastructure in place to serve those customers. So I think it represents an incredible opportunity.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Make sense. I’ll leave it there. Thank you.
Lynn Good: Thanks so much.
Operator: And we'll hear from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys, thank you for taking my question.
Lynn Good: Hi Mike.
Michael Lapides: Hi Lynn Can you remind us what's in 2021 guidance for the change in O&M company-wide relative to 2020? And then how you're thinking about 2022 and beyond O&M growth?
Steve Young: Yes. The -- Michael for 2021, the O&M is going to go up compared to 2020. And keep in mind in 2020; we reduced O&M by $320 million roughly through various efforts. $200 million of that is sustainable. But a chunk of that is not sustainable. So you're going to see an absolute increase in 2021 over 2020 in O&M. But the broad trend line of O&M continues to decrease. We've taken it down 1% since roughly 2015, 2016 time frame on a consistent basis. And our goal is to certainly keep it flat to declining as we go forward. And I have confidence in our ability to do that. We've learned a lot from COVID, an entirely new set of efficiencies that we've learned from that that we're going to try to carry forward and broaden. But on an absolute basis, you'll see it go up in 2021 as we have to catch up a few things compared to 2020.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then longer term, do you still see opportunities for material cost synergy or savings, or is the goal just to keep it flattish on 2021 levels?
Lynn Good: Michael, I think there continues to be opportunities. Steve talked about some of the learnings from COVID. We're aggressively moving on real estate. As we continue to invest in the grid with new technologies, we're finding O&M savings. And as you think about this clean energy transition moving out of coal there's a natural reduction in O&M that could come there as well. So we continue to find ideas, continue to find ways to really focus on this. And we also see it as a strategic priority for our company to maintain affordable prices for customers as we put this capital to work. So our focus on this is not going to lessen. We're not at the end of anything. We're just continuing to find ways we can drive efficiencies.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you guys. Much appreciate it.
Lynn Good: Thank you Michael.
Operator: And that does conclude the question-and-answer session for today. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Lynn Good for any additional or closing comments.
Lynn Good: Thank you April and thanks to all of you for joining today for your interest in Duke, your investment in Duke. And the IR team is available as always for further questions following this call. So thanks so much. Have a good afternoon.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-11 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Duke Energy Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Jack Sullivan, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jack Sullivan: Thank you, Hannah. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to Duke Energy's fourth quarter 2020 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, our Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking information within the meaning of the securities laws. Actual results could differ materially from such forward-looking statements, and those factors are outlined herein and disclosed in Duke Energy's SEC filings. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in today's materials and on duke-energy.com. Please note the appendix for today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures. So, with that, let’s turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Jack thank you. And good morning, everyone. I want to take a moment and welcome Jack to his first earnings call. He has recently assumed responsibility as Vice President of Investor Relations after a very strong 15-year career with Duke where he's had financial experience, capital markets experience, M&A experience, and bring that wealth of background to this role as well as a deep understanding of our company and our industry. We have put him to work over the last couple of weeks with all of our announcements. So many of you have already had a chance to meet and talk with Jack, but you can look forward to more interaction with him as we go forward. So good morning to all of you. It's great to be with you for our fourth quarter 2020 earnings call. We began the year with significant momentum on strategic, regulatory and stakeholder fronts. And I'm very optimistic about our future heading into 2021. Today, we announced adjusted earnings per share of $5.12 for the year, putting us solidly within our updated guidance range for 2020. These results reflect the strength of our regulatory utilities, our commitment to generating sustainable shareholder value and our financial agility, especially in response to the unique difficulties of this past year. We also affirmed our 2021 guidance range of $5 to $5.30, with a midpoint of $5.15, and our recently increased long-term EPS growth rate of 5% to 7% through 2025 based off the midpoint of our 2021 guidance range. Like most companies, 2020 presented us with new challenges and I'm extremely proud of how we responded. We faced those challenges head-on, swiftly responding to the COVID-19 pandemic to support our customers and our workforce, adjusting our plans after removing Atlantic Coast Pipeline, producing $450 million of mitigation actions and responding to significant storms throughout the year. All of this was made possible by our employees who showed incredible results, as they adjusted to new working conditions, identified cost savings, and operational improvements and maintained reliable service for our customers. In short, we did more than just get through 2020 we adapted and delivered learning new ways of working that will benefit us in the years ahead. The momentum from 2020 has continued into 2021. And turning to Slide 5, Duke Energy has made significant progress resolving uncertainties around our company and laying a solid foundation for growth into the future. Slide 5 captures myriad accomplishments with the Duke Energy team delivered all providing benefits to our customers and our investors, and allowing us to turn our full attention to advancing our goal to reduce carbon emissions by 50% by 2030, and achieve net-zero by 2050. In North Carolina, we reached a milestone settlement with the State Attorney General, Public Staff and Sierra Club to close the debate around coal ash cost recovery. We're pleased with this balanced compromise, resolved several outstanding issues including the remand of the 2017 and 2019 rate cases and the pending 2019 rate cases. It also provides greater clarity and recovery of coal ash costs incurred through early 2013 and preserves our ability to earn an equity return on deferred coal ash costs. This settlement complements the previous settlement reached in the summer of 2020 on ROE and capital structure, and again demonstrates our commitment to working collaboratively with stakeholders in our jurisdiction. We look forward to the Commission's order, addressing these settlements and the remaining issues in the case. We also developed innovative IRPs in the Carolinas outlining comprehensive proposals and offering six portfolios to meet key carbon reduction milestones over the next 15 years. And for the past year, we've been working with stakeholder groups to help shape North Carolina's clean energy plan, with a common goal of reaching net-zero carbon in a way that best serves our customers. This complements the efforts underway on regulatory reform and introducing more efficient cost recovery mechanisms. Shifting to Florida, we worked with business and consumer groups, including the Office of Public Counsel, to propose a new three-year settlement giving our investors and customers clear visibility for 2024. The settlement includes multi-year-based rate increases to recover significant investments in the grid, solar generation and electric vehicle infrastructure. It also allows for the accelerated depreciation of coal plants and supports innovative technology pilot programs that are important to achieving our carbon goals and clean energy future. We expect an order from the Florida Commission by the end of the second quarter with rates effective in January of 2022. Beyond the multi-year rate plan, we also received approval of the first three years of our storm protection plans, representing a $6 billion investment in grid hardening projects over the next 10 years. In Indiana, we recently announced the GIC, a global investment firm with significant experience investing in U.S. infrastructure companies will become a minority investor in Duke Energy, Indiana. For $2.05 billion GIC will acquire a 19.9% ownership stake with governance rights commensurate with their equity ownership. GIC highlighted through a proven track record of high performance and clear commitment to a clean energy transition make this an attractive partnership for them. The transaction values our DEI utility and an attractive multiple to our current stock valuation, providing an efficient source of financing for our business and allowing us to eliminate all common equity from our five-year plan. The structure of the investment also allows us to better match financing with capital needs, putting $1 billion into our company in 2021 and the second tranche no later than January of 2023. This investment is a strong endorsement of our company and the Duke Energy, Indiana, our operations, employees and opportunities for growth. It is also a strong endorsement of our overall strategy to be a leader in clean energy transformation. We also significantly expanded our renewable footprints in our regulated and commercial businesses announcing more than 700 megawatts of solar and wind energy projects. And we built momentum around the electric vehicle pilot programs, which was further amplified by our own [indiscernible] to electrify the Duke Energy fleet. And turning to Tennessee, we reached a constructive settlement in our Piedmont Natural Gas rate case with the Attorney General's Consumer Advocate Division. This is our first general rate case in Tennessee in almost nine years allowing us to recover needed infrastructure investments to serve our growing customer base in and around [indiscernible]. This is an impressive list of accomplishments and we will keep going with a clear, clean energy vision and growth in the 5% to 7% range underpinned by our robust capital plan, constructive jurisdictions, operational excellence and a diverse, committed workforce. Shifting to Slide 6, we began 2021 with a clear vision for the future to lead the clean energy transition in our communities. Our goal is captured clearly in our climate strategy, at least 50% carbon reduction by 2030 and net-zero by 2050. We crossed a major milestone in 2020, surpassing 40% carbon reduction from 2005 levels, and we're poised to hit more milestones in the years to come. A roadmap to success involves close collaboration with key stakeholders and accelerated move from coal and into cleaner forms of generation, including renewables and battery storage; the modernization of our grid to enable more clean energy and an unwavering commitment to reliability and affordability. 2021 is an important year on this journey. In North Carolina stakeholder discussions initiated by the governor's clean energy plan are beginning to wrap up. These conversations have been very helpful in creating a common understanding among the interested parties on clean energy principles, and the regulatory changes needed to effectuate a generation transition. As the 2021 legislative session begins, we believe both stakeholders and policymakers will benefit from this work, as well as the information found in the comprehensive IRPs we filed last summer. Those resource plans present several pathways that illustrate the trade-offs between the pace of transition and cost implications. We look forward to working with legislators and stakeholders over the next several weeks and months to evaluate the various options. And we are optimistic about the policies that can be created from shared objectives around North Carolina's clean energy transition, as well as the regulatory reforms that provide for timely recovery of these investments. In Indiana, we will continue our critical grid improvement projects and further our clean energy transition as we file our 2021 IRP this November. In Florida, our recent settlement outlines the clear path for further renewable and EV investment in the states through 2024 and the accelerated retirement of coal plants. And at the federal level, we will work closely with policy makers, as the Biden administration re-enters the Paris Agreement and sets a national policy that advances our country's transition to clean energy. We look forward to adding our voice to this important discussion ensuring that the policies strategically integrate emissions reductions, cost considerations, and the promotion of a broad range of technology development. Our objectives are clear and will create value for all of our stakeholders. Our climate strategy is our growth strategy and our relentless commitment to our bold climate targets means we are leading the transition to clean energy. Our aggressive $59 billion capital plan is among the largest in the industry placing us at the forefront of clean energy at scale. We're confident this capital will generate value for our growing construction jurisdictions and provide clean, affordable energy for the more than 25 million customers we serve every day. This capital plan positions Duke to achieve earnings growth of 5% to 7% based off the 2021 midpoint of 515. I'm very proud of our results and excited about Duke Energy’s path forward. And with that, let me turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Young: Thanks, Lynn. And good morning everyone. 2020 was a year marked by agility and transformation. We delivered results within our guidance range, overcame headwinds and leveraged our size and scale to position the company for significant growth in the years ahead. As shown on Slide 7, our full year reported and adjusted earnings per share were $1.72 and $5.12, as compared to $5.06 of reported and adjusted earnings per share in 2019. We took swift and decisive action to mitigate the challenges we faced this year. We did not allow COVID-19, mild weather, storm and the loss of ACP earnings to define our path forward. And this commitment and dexterity enabled us to deliver solidly within our narrow 2020 earnings guidance range. Our 2020 results were driven by strong execution across each of our operating segments. Growth from our rate case execution in Indiana and Kentucky, interim rates in North Carolina and continued growth from our Florida operations through their multi-year rate plan and SoBRA mechanisms produce positive results in electric utilities and infrastructure. We also saw growth in our Carolinas wholesale business due to the new Formula Rate contract that was effective this year. These factors were offset by regulatory lag on our growing assets base, milder weather and dilution from equity issuances. Shifting to gas utilities and infrastructure, we saw higher results in our LDC businesses, primarily due to Piedmont's rate case in North Carolina and contributions from rider mechanisms. The gas LDCs continue to provide strong earnings growth, adding $0.11 driven by customer additions and investments and integrity management, but offset by the cancellation of ACP in July. Results in Commercial Renewables were higher than 2019 driven by new projects placed in service, including Palmer, Holstein, and Rambler, which together totaled 460 megawatts. Going forward, we continue to plan for this segment to deliver between $200 million and $250 million of net income per year over the five-year plan with a potential for upside that projects meet our return expectations. Having accomplished a lot in 2020, we turned to 2021, well positioned to achieve our adjusted EPS guidance range at $5 to $5.30 with $5.15 midpoint. Turning to Slide 8. Our financial outlook for 2021 and beyond is strong and rooted in our increased capital investment plan. Our core utilities continue to generate solid growth, driving our earnings results upward for the foreseeable future. For electric utilities and infrastructure growth in 2021 will come from our customer additions and infrastructure investments across our franchises. In the Carolinas, we will experience growth and revised rates in our current pending rate cases. In Florida, we expect strong earnings contributions as we move into the final year of our multi-year rate plan, coupled with growth in the solar via the SoBRA mechanism. In 2021, we will continue to benefit from a steady growth of our T&D infrastructure investments in the Midwest, along with new effective rates in Indiana and Kentucky. As the economy continues to rebound from the pandemic, we forecast our 2021 load growth in the 1% to 2% range across our entire footprint, driven by some of the strongest customer growth we've seen in recent years. Our Gas Utilities and Infrastructure segment provides consistent and steady growth, largely driven by our organic customer additions and integrity management investments. These investments will translate to revenues through riders and base rate adjustment mechanisms and our LDCs such as the recent rate settlement filed in Tennessee. In commercial renewables in 2021, we will deliver our annual earnings solidly in the $200 million to $250 million range and throughout the five-year plan. We expect the other segment to be lower year-over-year. This is primarily due to favorable tax optimization in 2020, not producing the same level of contributions in 2021 and the expectation of lower market returns in our captive insurance program and [indiscernible]. Finally, we have adjusted our plans to reflect the cancellation of ACP and the full year impact of the $2.5 billion equity forward transaction that closed in December of 2020. Including this, we expect growth in our core businesses of 6% in 2021. Turning to Slide 9. Let me touch on electric volumes and economic trends. We operate in constructive and growing jurisdictions. That said like most utilities, we saw a decline in retail load for 2020, given the impact of the pandemic. While residential volumes were up 3% for the year that did not offset the lower volumes from commercial and industrial customers. As we look at customer growth, we've experienced very positive trends, closing out 2020 with 1.8% growth for the year. This was favorable to the projections we originally shared in May of last year and the firms we operate in high growth states. In fact, our franchises serve four of the top eight states in terms of positive population migration. We projected an overall increase in electricity consumption in 2021 of 1% to 2% over 2020, given many of our commercial and industrial customers continue to return to normal operations. We expect the metrics for residential may decline a bit as people began to return to the workplace, following the mass distribution of the COVID vaccine. For the five-year plan, we projected load growth of 0.5% to 1% as the economy returns to pre-COVID status. On Slide 10, you will see the transformative work underway to lower our cost structure and bolster our growth potential. Duke Energy is a leader in the industry when it comes to cost mitigation driven by digital capabilities, data analytics, and retraining, and re-skilling employees which serves, which drives a more versatile workforce. Taking together, these factors result a meaningful and sustainable savings. When 2020 began with weaker weather and storms, we initiated tactical business drivers to significantly reduce our O&M costs. Then in response to the pandemic in the first quarter, we accelerated these mitigations to offset projected impacts. By the end of the year, we delivered $450 million of mitigation. This included $320 million of O&M savings equivalent to more than 6% of our 2020 non rider recoverable O&M. And this was done with a keen focus on minimizing the impacts to employee jobs. A certain cost savings in 2020 were one-time opportunities, we have identified many others that are sustainable, which will ultimately benefit our customers and shareholders over the long-term. These sustainable savings of approximately $200 million are underpinned by our versatile workforce who continue to adopt advanced technologies to perform work with increased efficiencies, allowing us to take advantage of attrition, reduce employee expenses and minimize facilities cost. In the past five years on that regulated electric and gas O&M has declined approximately 1% per year, even with the acquisition of Piedmont natural gas and we expect this downward trend to continue. Moving to Slide 11, as Lynn discussed, we have a robust capital plan of $59 billion over the five-year planning period. About 70% of this capital investment will be geared towards investments in clean energy and the grid infrastructure that supports it. We expect the clean energy transformation to ramp up over the five-year period and grow even further to $65 billion to $75 billion when we enter the back half of the decade. This will be largely driven by more coal plant retirements and the acceleration of renewables. We expect to gain more clarity around this projection as our states make important carbon policy decisions. These investments across our electric and LDC franchises position us for a five-year rate-based CAGR of approximately 6.5%. For the next five-year period ending in 2029, we see that growth accelerating to 7% based on our growing capital needs during this transition and transformation. Turning to Slide 12, our growing capital plan, vibrant franchise service area growth and proven capability to control costs and work constructively with stakeholders to move through regulatory processes, give us confidence in our ability to consistently grow our adjusted earnings per share of 5% to 7% throughout the five-year period. Bear in mind this capital plan assumes the lowering carbon reduction scenarios in the Carolinas. Moving to Slide 13. Our ability to execute on a robust capital program is underpinned by healthy balance sheet and solid credit ratings. We announced a $2.05 billion minority investment in our Indiana utility, where we will remain majority owner and sole operator with private equity investment by reputable infrastructure, investor demonstrates the premium valuation of our regulated utilities addresses all equity needs for the next five years and supports a strong balance sheet that allows access to low-cost capital. The equity from the Indiana transaction along with our overall financing plan allows us to maintain a healthy credit profile, targeting a consolidated FFO to debt ratio of 14%. Before we open it up for questions, let me close with Slide 14. We are positioned to deliver results for our shareholders and are confident in the 2021 base year EPS guidance and robust capital plan we have laid out for you. Our focus on the future, sound investment strategy and demonstrated dexterity position us to consistently deliver within our increased 5% to 7% long-term EPS growth rate through 2025. Our commitment to the dividend remains unchanged. We understand how important it is to our shareholders and that's why 2021 will mark the 95th consecutive year of paying a quarterly cash dividend. We intend to keep growing the Duke Energy dividend, balancing our desire to offer investors a strong payout with our need to fund our capital plan. As Lynn said in her opening remarks 2020, the early part of 2021 have been transformed for Duke Energy. And we lean into the next decade with anticipation and resolve to achieve our goals for our customers and our shareholders. With that, we'll open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, Good morning, guys.
Lynn Good: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: So, a couple of quick questions here. Lynn, obviously you highlight some factors that would provide upside to the base plan like your acceleration of clean energy, federal legislation. So, to the extent that these items require incremental CapEx, would you kind of consider monetizing additional stakes at your OpCos like Indiana similar to the GIC deal versus maybe tapping traditional financing like equity? Obviously, the demand is there for these strategies and the transaction multiple was certainly healthy versus where your stock trades?
Lynn Good: Yes. So Shar thank you for that question. And as we looked at the $60 billion, $59 billion, $60 billion of capital in front of us, we saw this transaction as an attractive investment that gave us an opportunity to eliminate common stock. As you said, is a valuation that was attractive to our investors and frankly recognize the value of what we operate in Indiana. I would say if we look at this five-year period, we feel like we've got a pretty strong capital plan. There may be some upside in the back part of the plan Shar, but I'd look at the clean energy transition that's underway. We have some work to do in 2021 and 2022 to lay further groundwork. And so that escalation will be toward the end of the five-year continuing over the rest of the decade. We will always look for attractive ways to finance growth. And I think we've demonstrated that with this transaction, but don't have anything in the near term that I would point to just reinforce that finding attractive low-cost capital to underpin growth is always an objective. And we're really pleased with what we were able to accomplish with this transaction.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then obviously you highlight the higher growth rate and the movement you're seeing in North Carolina, and obviously there has been recommendations provided by working groups in the state. I'm wondering how sort of the North Carolina clean energy legislation could impact sort of this updated growth trajectory as it should investors sort of look at it as simply as an extend the runway scenario, or could actually be accretive to that growth through maybe accelerated spending opportunities, less regulatory lag. I mean, obviously we're assuming that you get some ROE [bans] [ph], PBRs gets approved, but so how do we sort of think about the legislation in light of the updated growth?
Lynn Good: Sure. I mean Shar, the first thing I'd like to do is express the confidence we have in achieving 5% to 7%. It has been grounded in not only strong franchise growth, the regulatory certainty we've been able to achieve, including a recent settlement with the AG. The investment opportunities we've talked about on decarbonizing, and then our ability to control costs coupled with the transaction with GIC eliminating equity gives us a really solid foundation for 5% to 7%. So, I look at what we've put in front of you is a capital plan and a strategy with a high degree of confidence to achieve 5% to 7%. I think the ability to reach that top end to keep going would include faster acceleration of generation transition, perhaps faster economic recovery. I put in that list also, Shar, we're seeing such incredible customer growth in the areas that we serve because the population migration that could be another item that would be a surprise to the upside in a good way, sustainable cost savings. If we continue the digital transformation, continue grid modernization, continue retirement of the coal fleet, all of those things will give us an opportunity to continue to drive [indiscernible]. And I do think regulatory lag, if we can find a way to lessen it the growth is going to be strengthened. And so, I come to this discussion with a lot of confidence that we have a plan that will achieve the 5% to 7% and we'll continue to work on the legislation and regulatory reform in a way that'll complement the growth and perhaps enhance it if it moves more quickly.
Shar Pourreza: Terrific. And just lastly for me, I know in your discussions with stakeholders, are you finding sort of an alignment with the Governor and key legislators here, and what's kind of the next data point we should be watching out for?
Lynn Good: We have been at work on this Shar. We talked about for some time and have been engaged actively with stakeholders, really building alignment around a common goal, common objectives and those objectives included moving away from coal, carbon reduction, regulatory mechanisms to incent that move. And then of course increased investment in renewable, all within the construct of maintaining reliability and affordability. So, I think, the common objectives really provide a really strong foundation to move forward. So, we're working to advance those objectives and we will continue to provide updates along the way. The session that is underway right now there will be some milestones in April around potential introduction of bills, but what I would point to is with common objectives with a desire to create momentum on carbon reduction I think that alignment provides a great foundation for moving forward.
Shar Pourreza: Terrific. Thank you very much. Congrats. And I'll jump back in the queue.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Shar.
Steve Young: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd: Hi, good morning. Hope you all are doing well.
Lynn Good: Hi, Stephen. Yes, hope you’re well?
Stephen Byrd: Thanks, I am. I wanted to talk about the prospects for further federal legislation supporting clean energy. I guess we're growing more optimistic that we may see kind of round two of legislative support this summer into the fall where Congress might further extend the duration of tax credits for wind and solar and potentially add a new tax credit for energy storage. And as you think about that, those kinds of elements of support, how do you think about that in terms of your longer-term resource planning? Could that have an impact in terms just kind of thinking through the economic cost of renewable energy?
Lynn Good: I think it will. And I think all of that to the benefit of our customers and our regulated jurisdictions. And so, as you look at, even the integrated resource plans that we shared in the fall, those were predicated on the tax policy that existed at that time. And so, extensions could be valuable, I think credits around battery storage, electric vehicles, all of those represent opportunities to continue the clean energy transition. So, I would say we'll watch it closely.
Stephen Byrd: Okay. Very good. And then maybe just thinking about offshore wind, if the decision was made at the state level to start to sort of at least explore or pursue offshore wind, how do you sort of think about next steps? I'm just not familiar enough with sort of the technical feasibility of offshore wind, what kind of early steps you might take if the decision was made that the state wants to go in that direction?
Lynn Good: Stephen, we've been working on the potential for offshore wind for some time. Not only in terms of the obvious issues around leases and location of leases, but also transmission infrastructure that would need to accompany that where in the Carolinas, in particular, the load centers are further west than the coast. So, finding an appropriate transmission path would be important. I think there's been more conversation in the Carolinas. The Governor has joined with other Mid-Atlantic Governors, signing an MOU to say, let's spend more time figuring this out. There's a study underway to look at the impact to economic development. And so, I would say we're monitoring all of this closely. I would think about it is maybe a late 2020, 2030 opportunity in the Carolinas. But nonetheless, we are supportive of finding ways to bring wind into the state as a complement to the solar and nuclear resources that we have that are carbon free. So, I think more to come on that Stephen as some of these exploratory processes bear fruit.
Stephen Byrd: It's well taken. It's a long lead time to kind of think through these issues for offshore wind. Maybe last question, just on the commercial renewables business, I was just curious your latest thinking in terms of the competitive dynamics in renewables. Are you seeing any sort of trends in terms of increased competition? What we're just anecdotally hearing some degree of increased competition, but I'm just kind of curious what you all are seeing on that side of the business?
Lynn Good: Stephen, we see it as a competitive. It's been competitive for some time. It started to delineate. Is it a little bit more competitive? So, from our standpoint, we stay very disciplined on the cost of capital, the returns that we want and have a combination of development around the U.S., but also really focused on how we can grow renewables within our own jurisdictions. But I think it's a fair comment. There's a lot of interest in investment moving into renewable energy and that by its nature will create competition.
Stephen Byrd: Very good. That's all I have. Thank you very much.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Hi, good morning.
Lynn Good: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Hi Lynn. Hey Steve. So just wanted to go back to a prior question, which I'm not sure was answered on the North Carolina Governor's kind of discussions and the like, and just next steps. Is there still going to be kind of a report that comes out from that? And then when would we likely see legislation proposed?
Lynn Good: Sure. And Steve on the specific question of the report, there were two processes. So, the regulatory reform report is out. This is the one that talks about multi-year rate plans, performance incentives really a strong endorsement of regulatory reform is important to incenting movement. So that one is out and discussions of course continue on that. The carbon policy report, which is the one that's been led by the Nicholas Institute, shouldn't be coming any time. And I would think about it, Steve, as a data point, there'll be considered in the legislative session, along with our IRPs frankly, that has garnered a lot of stakeholder discussion. We don't expect that carbon policy report to include specific recommendations. But we believe it will be a discussion of retirement of coal, carbon pricing, clean energy standards, et cetera. And these – the stakeholders that have been involved in all of these processes, integrated resource plan, clean energy, policy discussions that the Governor sponsored the regulatory reform. All of those stakeholders have been working together quite well over the course of the year. And when I talked about common objectives, but I was really speaking to it's a common objective that have come out of all of that, common objectives around retirement of coal, common objectives around increasing renewable, regulatory reform, et cetera. So, it's that bringing together of those common objectives has been worked on to try to advance where we go from here. And I'm optimistic that we have a number of very informed and stakeholder groups that have common views of positioning North Carolina for the future. And I think progress will come from that. There's also a keen focus in that group on reliability and affordability, which we also strongly endorse and come to the conversation with very low prices against national averages, and we'll be working actively to make sure we make progress within that construct as well.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. That's good. And then just on the book – ignoring an event that no law passes and if we're just kind of doing regulation in the Carolinas as we have it now. Could you just give a sense of just how you would manage this kind of and maybe increasing spend on the regulatory side? Is it just the annual rate cases or…
Lynn Good: Yes, Steve, I think it's important to maybe step back for a moment. When we put forward the integrated resource plan and the Carolina in February 6 in the areas, the base scenario, the one that's on the far left is one that can be accomplished without any changes in regulation or legislation, et cetera. And the capital plan that we've put in front of you, it's really predicated on that base plan. So we believe the grid investment, the investment in generation that's included in our plan for the Carolinas can be executed. You could think about the overlay of legislation and perhaps new tools and maybe acceleration being incremental to what we've put in front of you. We thought it was prudent to put together a plan that we have a high degree of confidence to achieve under a variety of scenarios. But we'll work actively as we have over the last year and a half with stakeholders to find a way to meet those objectives.
Steve Fleishman: Great. One last quick one, just the – I think I heard Steve say the 5% – when you look at the 5% to 7% growth rate, it's kind of consistent over the period, roughly. Is that fair?
Steve Young: That’s right. 
Lynn Good: That's correct. 
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Thank you.
Lynn Good: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: And we'll go next to Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi, good morning, congratulations.
Lynn Good: Good morning.
Steve Young: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Perhaps just to follow up on this, because I want to understand. So can you talk about legislation and having worked for years to try to get the staples of the curve, but at the same time, we talked about this IRP pending before the commission. Can you talk about how those two processes work as best you understand right now, let's say for instance, you don't get legislation? How does the IRP proceed in that case? And perhaps the overlap in timing critically, have you think about April versus the IRP [indiscernible].
Lynn Good: Sure. I mean that Julien I was thinking of these things as being complementary. The stakeholder group has been involved in the IRPs. The stakeholder group has been involved in the clean energy policy discussions or there's a high degree of overlap. And so let's talk a little bit about the IRP because we haven't visited about that in this call. North Carolina will review the IRP comments are due at the end of April. And we would expect an order from the North Carolina Commission yet this year, probably in the fall. And the North Carolina Commission doesn't approve, but rather provide comments perspectives on what they've seen. And so, it becomes a data point, right, not only for the legislative process, but also for the Commission on how we're thinking about the future. And stakeholder parties will have an opportunity to weigh in and discuss. In South Carolina, the IRP will be approved or reviewed and an order will be issued by the Commission. This is consistent with AXE60Q [ph], which you may remember, being a requirement in South Carolina, we believe our IRP conforms with those requirements, extensive stakeholder engagement and analysis of coal retirements and analysis of rate impact. So, we should expect to hear from the South Carolina Commission in June. The legislative session, the bills would be introduced in this legislative session in April. Crossover dates are in May. So, the legislative session is also running July and in the first half of the year. And so I would think about all these things as complimentary. The same people at the table talking about the same objectives, lowering carbon, building renewables, grid investments, regulatory reform. And we will keep you informed along the way as milestones are achieved and feedback is received. But I'm optimistic about informed for those stakeholders coming together with shared objectives.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. Thank you. 
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I’m interested to follow-up on the consistency of the 5% to 7% if I can quickly.
Lynn Good: Sure.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Can you comment on the earned ROE trend across the years I'm thinking Carolina has obviously you guys have a range established this year? Is that range broadly the same range through the forecasted period, or how would you characterize that?
Steve Young: Yes, I think, broadly, it's just going to be similar. We have a settlement proposal at a 9.6% ROE, but we've got a long track record in the Carolina, and across our entire footprint of being able to earn at or, in some years certainly above our allowed returns through cost management, through working on wholesale type transactions, as well. So, I think there are a number of mechanisms that are going to allow us to earn similar to what we’ve earned in the past on our regulated jurisdictions.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay, excellent. Thank you. 
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Michael Weinstein with Crédit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, guys.
Lynn Good: Good morning.
Steve Young: Hey good morning. 
Michael Weinstein: Hey. On the same topic, could you comment a little bit about the ROE projection you guys have in there for 2021 for Indiana, and Ohio and Kentucky as well? Both looking pretty well trending towards lower numbers going forward, sub-9%, sub-8%, Kentucky?
Steve Young: Yes, I have a couple of comments there. In Indiana, we just filed – we got a rate order in August in Indiana. And that was a catch-up rate case. So, what you see when you've got a big base rate case that's built up and in Indiana, we had that base rate case in quite a while. So, you are building up a lot of investments there. And prior to that build-up, you're going to see the ROEs drop a bit. And then you have to catch up. And we've got the solid ROE in Indiana going forward. We'll be able to optimize around that and earn very well there. Ohio is a similar situation, when you have a base rate case, you’ll build up investments up to that point, and then the new rates will work on the return. So, you'll see some movements around a rate case like that. But over a broad period, as you've seen the New York across our footprint, we've been very capable of earning ROI returns on the growing rate base. And we've done that through periods where we've had more frequent rate cases and periods where we've had less frequent rate cases. And that's where you utilize your capital optimization between rate cases and cost control to keep the return solid. So, we’ll continue to have those capabilities.
Michael Weinstein: Are you planning on having a base rate case in Indiana? I didn’t see that in the deck.
Steve Young: No.
Lynn Good: Not in the near-term Michael.
Steve Young: No, not in the near term. We cut out those investments, most of our growth will be coming just from the environmental rider. So, it's a very efficient jurisdiction going forward here.
Michael Weinstein: So, you think it will improve after 2021, basically, the ROEs?
Steve Young: Yes.
Michael Weinstein: And how is the 5% to 7% growth CAGR weighted? Is that a steady growth rate at the periods of 2025 or is that backend?
Lynn Good: I would think about it as a steady growth rate.
Steve Young: Yes.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. And dividend growth, I know that we're still in that slower than ETS growth period. Is that expected to continue given the highest CapEx per month you have? 
Lynn Good: I think certainly in the near term, Michael, and then we'll evaluate it as we get deeper into the five-year plan, the growth shows up, the payout ratio comes down a bit. So, we understand the importance of the growing dividend. And we'll continue to look at that right balance between growth of capital and growth of the dividend.
Michael Weinstein: Great. That’s it from me. Thank you very much.
Lynn Good: All right. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Jonathan Arnold with Vertical.
Jonathan Arnold: Good morning, guys. 
Lynn Good: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: Hi, just to revisit this question of what's in the plan. And you said pretty clearly that the low end, the left-hand end of the Carolina’s transition, the IRP proposals is what's in your plan in your CapEx? Does that apply to – how would you sort of tie that to the second half of the decade where you've got this $65 billion to $75 billion five-year spend for $25.329? Just curious if that’s still the case, or is that you're starting to dip into acceleration there?
Steve Young: Well, what we reflected in that second half of the decade, the range of $65 billion to $75 billion, represented, again, the low-end scenarios of carbon reduction versus the higher, more aggressive carbon reduction. So, as we learn more about the pacing that the state wants to go through, we projected we'd be somewhere in that range depending on that pacing up to $65 billion to $75 billion as you move into it that second five-year period.
Lynn Good: And Jonathan, even the base plan of IRP includes over 50% carbon reduction, and includes quite a bit of transition of generation, retirement of coal and renewables. And so, as Steve indicated, we'll learn more around pace in particular, as we go through, the next few months and hear from commissions, et cetera. And the $75 billion would be the more aggressive, kind of to the 70% type range, but even the base plan has a very healthy growth rate within that range.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, great. Thank you for clarifying there. And then, obviously, 25%, you already have a number out for so that $65 billion to $75 billion implies the quite a material step-up to really in the back – very closer to the back end of the decade. Is that right way to think about it, or is it a 25 number that could be in play if things decided to move faster, I guess?
Lynn Good: I think 25% could be in play, Jonathan. I think about it in this way, takes a little bit of time to develop site permit generation. But as we think about this 2021 by the time 2025 rolls around, we will have a clearer picture on that. And coal retirements go along with us. And so, we'll be into a deeper amount of coal being retired in that part of the decade and so you'll be building generation to replace them that way. We'll know more and of course, update these expectations all along the way.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Thank you. And just may be one other thing. It looked like there was a fair step up in what you're categorizing, as maintenance CapEx in the five-year plan a couple of billion versus last year. Is that a categorization issue, or is it different spend, or what's going on there?
Steve Young: Nothing procedural there, I just think we're looking at the maintenance of the nuclear facilities and the grid facilities as we modernize the grid. There is more CapEx of maintenance nature in those areas, in those two specific areas.
Lynn Good: And Jonathan, we did do a little bit of changing our profile around maintenance, outages and other things in 2020, because of COVID. And so, I believe some of that will also be movement of outage and investment that goes with it into 2021 consistent with the challenges of the year.
Jonathan Arnold: Got you. Okay, thanks a lot.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Lynn Good : Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey good morning for thank my questions. 
Steve Young: Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra: Hopefully two quick questions. One, Steve, just can you remind us the tax optimization in 2020, you mentioned this in your drivers when you won over 2020. What is that tax optimization? Any color on the upfront?
Steve Young: What we have done in 2020, we had worked on various efforts that lowered the effective tax rate a bit. And that falls through and was part of the mitigation that was put in place. And it was probably around 0.5% on the effective tax rate reduction might have been in the range of $0.0.4, $0.05 or so of mitigation that we got out of income taxes.
Lynn Good: And Durgesh I would share with you that the tax team is always looking for ways to optimize taxes, whether it's a state level property taxes, federal tax, tax credits, research and development, et cetera. And so, we were quite effective in 2020, with a variety of projects, but we are always looking for, effective tax planning ideas.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it? Sorry, I was on mute, understood. So, it's more like a 2020 event. You are not modelling that going into 2021. But there may be opportunities, right, is that…
Lynn Good: There are opportunities in 2021, but we expect them to be a bit less than what they were in 2020.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood, perfect. And then just maybe quickly on the FFO-to-debt metric, if I have this correct, 2020 or the year past we were targeting 15%. Now it's going to 14% for the next five years and you mentioned there's some question versus sort of what agency thresholds are to kind of protect your rating. Can you just provide us a little bit of where is the floor, so how much cushion do you actually have, versus their credit rating agency metrics?
Lynn Good: I'll jump in and Steve can follow-on. The FFO has seen the impact of COVID. We also see the impact of our coal ash settlement with some near-term benefits that we offer to customers. And so, as we look ahead, and speaking to our S&P in particular, the range is 12% to 16%, we believe we'll be very solidly within that range. And continue to believe a strong balance sheet and our commitment to the balance sheet is important. And you see that with the recent GIC transaction. So, I would talk about some of those near-term items that I referenced there. And Steve how would you add?
Steve Young: No, I think, that's exactly right. We, certainly, as we look forward, we've got COVID impacts that will continue into 2021 will affect the top line revenues, the coal ash settlement restructured in the fashion that help customers there. But we think we can operate very comfortably within this range at the new rating, and we'll get very adequate access to capital.
Durgesh Chopra: Excellent, thank you so much. Great call. Thank you.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. I would like to turn it back over to Lynn Good for any additional or closing remarks.
Lynn Good: Well Hannah thank you. And thanks to all of you who joined the call. We've got a lot of news here in 2021, all directed in building a strong foundation for growth in the future. And we look forward to engagement with you in the weeks and months ahead. And of course, the IR team is always available this afternoon if there are further questions.  So, thanks for your interest and investment in Duke Energy.
Operator: That concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-05 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Duke Energy Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. And at this time I would like to turn the conference over to Bryan Buckler, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Bryan Buckler: Thank you, Savanna. Good morning everyone and welcome to Duke Energy's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Review and Business Update. Leading our call today is; Lynn Good, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; along with Steve Young Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking information within the meaning of the securities laws. Actual results could differ materially from such forward-looking statements and those factors are outlined herein and disclosed in Duke Energy's SEC filings. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in today's materials and on duke-energy.com. Please note that the appendix for today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures. As summarized on Slide 4 during today's call Lynn will provide an update on our 2020 and 2021 outlook. She will also share insights on the company's long-term strategy and clean energy investment plans. Steve will then share an overview of our third quarter financial results. We will also provide updates on our economic and load growth outlook, progress against our 2020 mitigation targets, an update on our 2021 earnings drivers and Duke Energy's long-term capital investment plan. With that let me turn the call over to Lynn. 
Lynn Good: Bryan thank you and good morning everyone. Today we announced adjusted earnings per share of $1.87 for the quarter favorable to the third quarter of 2019 by $0.08. These results were driven by higher earnings at our electric utilities from rate case activities, strong O&M and other mitigation actions and growth in our Commercial Renewables business. I am very proud of our workforce for their consistent focus on reducing costs and driving efficiencies to offset a number of headwinds this year while continuing to provide outstanding service for our customers. And a recent example is Hurricane Zeta. I want to give a special thanks to the men and women who just this past week responded with outstanding restoration services after the remnants of the hurricane caused significant damage in the Carolinas. Despite the challenges presented by 2020, our team remains focused on serving our customers with excellence. We've also made great progress with our mitigation actions to offset the impacts of COVID delivering $0.35 of benefit through September. As Steve will speak to in a moment, we now expect to deliver full year earnings benefits of $0.40 to $0.45. We will use our size and scale to carry many of these efforts into next year a continuation of our successful track record in these areas since 2015. With the third quarter behind us, we are narrowing our full year guidance range to $5.05 to $5.20. We have successfully offset the impact of COVID load and costs, weather and storms including Isaias and Zeta with exceptional cost management, giving us confidence that we can deliver results within this range for 2020. With ACP behind us, we are well positioned to deliver in 2021 as well and are pointing to a solid $5.15 with upside potential. We continue to finalize our business plans for the year ahead. And consistent with our typical practice, we will provide complete guidance including detailed capital and financing plans in February. Our confidence in our ability to deliver results goes well beyond next year. We expect to deliver at the top end of the 4% to 6% range through 2024 grounded in our robust investment plan to deliver cleaner energy and sustainable value for our communities and our industry-leading cost efficiency programs. We shared our vision in the significant runway of growth potential during our October 9th inaugural ESG Investor Day. During the event, we outlined the investment opportunities we are pursuing to support our goal to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050. And while we are already an industry leader in carbon-free generation we have near-term ambitious plans to double our renewables portfolio by 2025, deploy energy storage across the Carolinas and Florida and extend the licenses of our nuclear fleet all to the benefit of our customers and communities. To support this work, we increased our 5-year capital plan to $58 billion and outlined a robust $65 billion to $75 billion capital plan for the 2025 through 2029 period. This incremental capital drives our earnings-based CAGR from the 6% level, we shared with you in February to progressively higher levels. We now expect a 6.5% rate base CAGR through 2024 and growing to a 7% rate base CAGR by the end of the 5-year planning period. As we move forward our path is underpinned by strong governance collaboration with stakeholders and most importantly developing our people and fostering a culture rooted in diversity and inclusion. I'm incredibly proud of our work and this foundation in 2020 gives us confidence as we close out the year and move through the next few years. Turning to Slide 6, we're advancing our clean energy strategy and building momentum in the states we serve. We operate in attractive jurisdictions that are considering various policy changes to support cleaner energy futures for our communities. We are partnering with stakeholders in each state to find solutions that accelerate carbon reductions, while also balancing customer affordability and the financial health of our utilities. In North Carolina, the governor's Clean Energy Plan process is well underway, and we along with many stakeholders are in the midst of constructive policy conversations. The pathways we outlined in our IRP, serve as fundamental pillars, demonstrating what it will take to achieve the objectives outlined in the Clean Energy Plan. In addition the detailed analysis in our filings is informing carbon policy discussions. We recognize our leadership role in decarbonizing the state in the robust thoughtful portfolios we've shared to help shape the path forward. The carbon policy discussions will be summarized in the report to the governor by year-end. We are also advancing the process around the IRP itself. We've shared the IRP with dozens of stakeholders, ensuring we received feedback from a wide variety of interest groups. The approach and modeling we used in the filing add a new level of transparency and sets a standard for how to collaborate and seek input. We anticipate hearing for the first half of 2021 in North Carolina and look forward to working with stakeholders to define the best pathway to reduce carbon emissions. We are also advancing the IRP in South Carolina, with a hearing expected in April and a decision from the commission expected in June. This will allow us to have more clarity about how our proposed portfolios integrate into the state's policy objectives. Also in South Carolina, we've reached multiple milestones with stakeholders. We received commission approval of our EV infrastructure pilot in September and reached a settlement agreement on net metering with solar developers. These developments highlight South Carolina's commitment to a cleaner energy future. Turning to Indiana, we are actively engaged in the state's 21st Century Energy Policy Task Force, which is focused on transitioning the state's generation mix and integrating renewables, while ensuring high levels of reliability and resiliency. Their findings will be compiled into a report due to the general assembly by December. This work builds on the advances we made as part of our 2019 IRP and 2020 rate case, where we received approval to reduce the average remaining depreciable lives of our Indiana coal assets by approximately 40%. And in Florida, the Clean Energy Connection and solar-based rate adjustment programs underpin our commitment to renewable energy. A hearing on the Clean Energy Connection proposal is scheduled for November 17. If approved, we would launch a $1 billion shared solar program, which includes 750 megawatts of renewable resources. We've received strong support for our proposal from a broad range of stakeholders and look forward to the outcome of the hearing. We're also making headway on the SoBRA investments with nearly half of the 700 megawatts of utility-scale solar installed. This also represents $1 billion investment in the state. We understand our integral role to lead the clean energy transition will strengthen and modernize the energy grid, increase our investments in renewables and new technologies, and advocate for energy policy and regulatory mechanisms that align with industry best practices and shareholder expectations. This is an exciting time for our company and our communities and we look forward to making meaningful progress on the clean energy transition in 2021. Before I move to the next slide, let me make a brief comment on the elections. I know some results are still being counted with final results a few days or weeks away. But what I do know is that there is strong bipartisan support for investing in critical infrastructure, driving economic growth and job creation for clean energy and resiliency investments. Our capital plan offers meaningful solutions to these and other needs of the communities we serve. I want to congratulate Governor Cooper on his reelection and thank him for his leadership of North Carolina. We are proud to be headquartered in North Carolina and look forward to working with his administration and the incoming members of the General Assembly. I also want to congratulate Indiana Governor, Holcomb on his victory. Indiana has a bright future as we transition our generation fleet and make critical investments in the grid. We welcome the opportunity to continue engaging with the governor and the general assembly in Indiana as well as all of our jurisdictions in which we operate. Before turning it over to Steve, let me reiterate our value proposition. We operate in premium utilities across the Southeast and the Midwest. And our service areas continue to benefit from strong growth as new residences and businesses move into our service territories. We are positioned to deliver 95% of our earnings from lower-risk regulated electric and gas utilities, and our growth profile was driven by our robust five-year $58 billion capital plan. The past year has made our great company even stronger and more agile and we look forward to a strong finish to 2020 and to carrying our momentum forward into future years. Our clean energy vision is transforming Duke, providing clear benefits to our customers and to our investors. For this reason, we are confident in our ambitious investment plans and our ability to deliver the top end of our growth range. And with that, let me turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Young: Thanks, Lynn, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin with a summary of our quarterly results, highlighting a few of the key variances to the prior year. For more detailed information on earnings drivers and a reconciliation of reported to adjusted results, please refer to the supporting materials that accompany today's press release and presentation. As shown on slide 8, we announced third quarter adjusted earnings of $1.87 per share, compared to adjusted earnings of $1.79 per share last year. Within the segments, on an adjusted basis, Electric Utilities and Infrastructure was up $0.06 quarter-over-quarter, driven in large part by rate case activity in North Carolina, Indiana, Florida and Kentucky that contributed $0.07 in the quarter. Earnings also benefited by $0.08 from our industry-leading mitigation efforts, which I will speak to more in a moment. Lower tax expense and contributions from our wholesale contracts also contributed to our favorable results. Weather came in slightly above normal this quarter, but represents an $0.08 headwind this year when compared to the third quarter of the prior year. We also had higher depreciation and amortization expense as we continue to grow our asset base, and as expected electric volumes were down due to the pandemic. Our Gas Utilities and Infrastructure results were $0.05 lower, primarily due to the cancellation of ACP. Our LDC gas businesses continue to produce outstanding results, contributing $0.01 of growth in the quarter and $0.09 year-to-date in 2020. The Commercial Renewables segment was up $0.03, largely driven by new projects brought online this quarter including the 200-megawatt Rambler solar project in Texas. Finally, Other was favorable $0.05 for the quarter, principally due to lower income tax expense and financing costs and higher investment returns in nonqualified benefit plans. Overall, we are very pleased with our year-to-date results. We took swift action to mitigate the impacts of COVID-19, weather, storms and the loss of ACP earnings. And this dexterity has positioned us well to deliver in our narrowed 2020 earnings guidance range of $5.05 to $5.20. Moving to slide 9. Our third quarter electric -- retail electric volumes were down 2% compared to the third quarter 2019, which was slightly favorable, compared to our original post-COVID expectations of a 3.5% decline for the quarter. And while several volumes were better than anticipated, the improved customer class mix was more heavily weighted to C&I customers and less to residential. And thus the EPS impact was mostly in line with our expectations for the quarter. Despite the continuing effects of COVID-19, the economies in our jurisdictions have shown a level of resiliency with approximately 85% of our largest commercial and industrial customers resuming operations by September. While the pandemic's effect on the economy still bears close monitoring, we are updating our full year COVID load forecast to a decline of approximately 2% to 3% in total retail volumes compared to our previous estimates of a 3% to 5% decline. This revised load forecast equates to approximately $0.20 to $0.25 of earnings per share impact. And when coupled with waived fees and non-deferred COVID costs results in COVID related earnings headwinds of $0.25 to $0.35 in 2020. In the midst of the pandemic, we are encouraged by the strong customer growth across all of our jurisdictions. Year-to-date we've seen a 1.8% increase in new electric customers and 1.9% growth for our LDCs. As we continue to see more population migration to our desirable service territories, we believe Duke Energy's long-term load growth fundamentals would be some of the strongest in the industry. Let's move to slide 10, where I'd like to highlight our strong progress on achieving our 2020 financial commitments despite challenging headwinds. We have faced impacts from COVID and the cancellation of ACP, as well as unfavorable weather and significant storms including Hurricane Zeta, which came through the Carolinas in October. Time and again Duke Energy has demonstrated the ability to pivot, mitigate impacts and advance our strategic investments for short and long-term value creation for customers and shareholders and 2020 is a prime example. As I've highlighted many times cost mitigation and the ability to respond quickly to unforeseen circumstances have become a core competency of Duke Energy. On a year-to-date basis we have achieved approximately $350 million in mitigation, representing approximately 75% of our full year target and we are highly confident in our ability to deliver $400 million to $450 million of earnings benefits for the full year. These efforts position us to mitigate a large portion of the headwinds we've experienced in 2020 and deliver earnings within our original narrowed guidance ranges. With that let's move to slide 11. We have a strong outlook for 2021 and our significant investment opportunities serve as growth drivers for the year ahead. In Florida, we will continue to recover our grid investments through the third base rate increase in our multiyear rate plan. We also expect growth from additional solar projects recovered under the solar base rate adjustment mechanism. And starting in 2021, we expect to begin delivering grid invest -- improvement investments to our Florida customers under our Storm Protection Plan approved earlier in the year. In the Carolinas, Indiana and Kentucky we will have a full year benefit of the new base rate adjustments that went into effect earlier this year. Also in Indiana and Ohio we'll continue to invest in transmission and distribution upgrades that are recovered under our rider programs that drive consistent earnings growth each year. Additional drivers in Electric Utilities and Infrastructure will come from load growth and O&M management. As I mentioned earlier, we continue to see impressive increases in our number of our customers and that along with the continued recovery of the economy is expected to lead to an overall uplift in margins in 2021. Our current estimate of load growth off of 2020 is approximately 1% to 2%. We continue to monitor the pace of economic recovery and we'll provide an update in February. With respect to O&M and other mitigation actions, some of the tactical efforts that we are achieving in 2020 are not sustainable beyond the current year. And thus we expect a modest uptick in O&M costs in 2021 as compared to 2020. Revised timing and scope of outages is an example of mitigation efforts not sustainable year-over-year. Nonetheless our operational teams and industry-leading business transformation group are in the process of utilizing our digital and automation playbook to turn some of these initiatives into even lower cost operational model to benefit future years. We will share more on this front in the upcoming months, as the team makes progress on their work. Shifting to the gas segment. We expect to see a full year benefit from our Tennessee rate case filed this year as well as our South Carolina rate stabilization adjustment that was recently approved by the commission at a 9.8% ROE. Additional growth in the LDC business will come from customer additions and our integrity management investments, which are recovered through riders and provide steady predictable earnings per share growth year-after-year. Our Commercial Renewables segment will be largely flat to slightly negative in 2020 given our strong performance and delivery of completed projects this year. Our plan continues to target an annual net income of $200 million to $250 million through the five-year plan. On the financing front, we expect to settle the $2.5 billion equity forward by the end of this year, which will result in approximately $0.13 of dilution net of holding company debt interest savings. As stated during our second quarter call, with these drivers and ongoing COVID uncertainty, we expect to rebase our long-term earnings per share growth rate off of 2021 with a midpoint initially pointing to $5.15. We believe this is a solid number with upside. We are close to finalizing our 2021 through 2025 financial plans. And we will provide complete detailed guidance in February as we normally do. As Lynn mentioned, we have great confidence in delivering at the top-end of our 4% to 6% earnings per share growth rate through 2024, underpinned by our $58 billion capital plan and industry-leading cost reduction program. As we discussed on ESG Investor Day, our clean energy transition will drive significant growth for at least the next decade. As you look at slide 12, the left-hand side of it has the evolution of our five-year capital plan over the past several years. And on the right-hand side we show the expected growth in our earnings base. As you will recall our five-year capital plan just 1.5 years ago was at $50 billion. This past February, we increased the plan to $56 billion to address pressing infrastructure needs of our communities, including more renewables on our system and grid improvements. Here in the later half of 2020, it's become evident that the cleaner energy transition of our jurisdictions will necessitate additional capital deployment resulting in our current five-year capital plan of $58 billion. Looking to the second half of the decade we estimate a five-year capital plan of $65 billion to $75 billion. We've made some assumptions here about the amount of renewables investment Duke Energy would be able to rate base as those details have not yet been determined. As I mentioned at ESG Day under any IRP portfolio chosen in the Carolinas, we will have a significant role to play in the clean energy transformation in the two states. We believe the assumptions included here are very reasonable based on what we've seen around the country and within our service territories. This $65 billion to $75 billion capital plan for 2025 through 2029, includes clean energy generation and transmission investments across the Carolinas, Indiana and Florida, as well as an estimate of the distribution investments that will be required to enable renewables, battery storage and other distributed energy generation on our system. Our confidence in the growing rate base over the long-term is rooted in these strong capital plans. Our rate base grows from $77 billion in 2019 to roughly $105 billion by the end of 2024. That's a 6.5% earnings base CAGR. For the latter half of the decade, you see that growth accelerating to 7% with significant investments to enable this transformation. Our broad strategy also balances the need for investments with affordability for customers. As we transition out of coal, we expect to have lower fuel costs and non-fuel O&M costs and we will continue our business transformation modelings in pursuit of efficiencies across our footprint. Finally, we operate in the states that are experiencing strong customer growth, particularly, in the Carolinas and Florida, which also helps keep customer rates competitive. Finally, let me wrap-up on slide 13. Our attractive dividend yield coupled with our long-term earnings growth from investments in our regulated utilities provide a compelling risk-adjusted return for our shareholders. We are well-positioned to manage through COVID-19 and are confident in our ability to deliver in the narrowed earnings guidance range in 2020 and in our ability to achieve the top end of our 4% to 6% earnings per share growth rate off of the 2021 base. We expect to enter 2021 with one of the most valuable and lower-risk shareholder investment propositions in the industry and we are positioned to deliver sustainable value into the future. We look forward to speaking with many of you next week during the EEI Conference. With that, we'll open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Go ahead.
Stephen Byrd: Hi. Good morning.
Lynn Good: Hi, Stephen
Steve Young: Good morning.
Stephen Byrd: I wanted to follow-up Lynn, you gave a great update of the, sort of, the clean energy transition and I thought slide 6 encapsulated it pretty well. And I just wanted to explore the Carolinas a bit. You lay out on this page the -- in North Carolina the report to the governor by the end of the year, and then in both states you have IRP hearings. You've laid out pretty clearly sort of the trade-offs of different approaches to your future energy mix. How do you anticipate sort of the decision-making process evolving? Do you see, for example, sort of heavy direction from the Governor in these cases, or is it more sort of a collaborative hearing process where many constituents are going to weigh in? And then, ultimately, it's sort of a more of a commission-driven decision? How do you kind of think about where you're headed there?
Lynn Good: Sure. And, Stephen, thanks for that question. I think the Governor has been very clear about his expectations in the form of his executive order that set a target of a 70% carbon reduction by 2030. He has been directing the stakeholder process throughout 2020 through his Cabinet Secretary Regan to oversee it. And I would say that that stakeholder process has been a robust one, broad range of people involved and has made significant progress over the course of the year, identifying and aligning around common goals. So transitioning the generation fleet over time, developing regulatory mechanisms that would incent that transition. And so, I also believe that kind of points to broad support for critical infrastructure investment, that will drive jobs and economic development, of course, achieve carbon reduction and achieve resiliency for the state. So I believe the next steps on this will be a shaping and updating of energy policy in North Carolina. If you look historically about the way that has happened Stephen, it's always been led by stakeholders coming together to achieve common goals in a bipartisan way. Governor, of course, weighing in with his expectations, stakeholder shaping the way to get there. And we see that process maturing in 2021 and expect that we, of course, will play a pivotal role in implementing that energy policy in a way that meets all of these objectives. I think the IRP is very complementary to that stakeholder process, because it puts in front of the commission a variety of options on how those policy objectives could be achieved. And we would expect a review by the commission and, of course, any input or feedback that they would have. And I think the combination of both of these processes will give us more clarity in 2021 on how we will move forward. But I would emphasize, again, the alignment of stakeholders to achieve common objectives has always been the foundation of movement on energy policy in North Carolina and we would expect the same to be the case here. 
Stephen Byrd: That's very clear. And, I guess, at a high level, looking at this page, you kind of have a lot of at-bats in terms of the possibility of additional capital spending. And I just want to make sure I was clear. Let's say that Duke is fortunate enough to have the opportunity for even more renewable spending, EV spending, whatever it might be. Just a refresh, in terms of your thinking of incremental CapEx and how you would finance that incremental CapEx. 
Lynn Good: And so, Stephen, as you know, we put some incremental CapEx in the five-year plan really underpinned by what we're seeing here in this generation transition. We have not changed the financing plans that we shared with you in February. We continue to plan to issue DRIP and ATM equity in 2021 and 2022. As we get to the back end of that five-year plan and really build the momentum to accelerate rate base growth, I would expect for us to have a modest level of DRIP/ATM equity in the plan. We think that coupled with cost mitigation, regulatory support and other elements that drive cash flow, would balance the needs of shareholders and creditors. So we will provide that complete update on financing in February, but your mind should go to the modest DRIP/ATM level as we think about the way we underpin this growth investment going forward. 
Stephen Byrd: Understood. So if I'm sort of thinking about this correctly, then you're already sort of thinking about some incremental CapEx, which you've described before. I mean, these hearings and these processes are going to take a while anyway. So it's not as if it's an immediate impact to your financing needs and some of that was already sort of factored in. So, it feels like, even if you get good responses in these states, at first it's going to take a while for that CapEx to actually transpire. Secondly, some of that was sort of already contemplated. And so, it's not as if we're like to see a fairly significant change to your plans, i.e., not massive new additional equity needs over and above what you've already laid out?
Lynn Good: That's very fair, Stephen. If you -- on the slide that Steve walked you through, we updated capital from $50 billion to $56 billion in February. And that financing plan underpins that $56 billion, which is really the foundational element of the spending. With additional $2 billion and then ramping to $65 billion to $75 billion towards the back end is where we'll really be focused on your question initially. And we will be updating that. We should be thinking about the modest DRIP in ATM as the first place we would go to support that accelerated growth toward the back half of the planning period. 
Stephen Byrd: It’s very clear. It’s all I had. Thank you.
Steve Young: Thank you.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Lynn Good: Hi, Shar.
Steve Young: Hello, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Lynn Good: Good morning.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning. Just a couple of quick questions here. First around the $5.15 number for 2021. Obviously, this is sort of a worst-case outcome as we think about coal ash, et cetera. And I know you talked -- you'll talk a little bit more about it in February and you have some drivers in the slides. But maybe you can provide a little bit of a sense on some of the incremental items that could put you higher than that $5.15. There's a lot of moving pieces here.
Shar Pourreza: Sure, I'll point to three things that we're watching, and then Steve can add to it. COVID load, we're continuing to look at what does load growth look like into 2021. Is there a second wave? Are there more economic shutdowns and so on, or does the economy bounce back more strongly? As we've said in the second quarter, and it continues to be our profile, we intend to offset COVID impact with O&M, so that we lessen the impact of that. But understanding where that economic forecast is, and how that matches up with cost would be something that we're watching. Maturing our cost management productivity to see how much of these savings that, we've been able to drive out in 2020, can continue into 2021 that work continues. We will start the year with a lower headcount. We have used technology in different ways. We dispatch crews in different ways. There have been so many opportunities and we're looking for ways we can create even more sustainability. That represents a potential item. And then of course rate cases, we have set the $5.15 to absorb the Dominion outcome on coal ash, and we will learn more toward the end of this year early next on the DEC order in particular. We will also hear from the Supreme Court we believe in 2020 on the prior rate case. So those are a couple of other things that we are monitoring. But we have – as I look at 2021, there is so much clarity. We will have all of this behind us the uncertainties that have been a challenge for us. And we're excited about the ability for the utilities to demonstrate the growth we know they're capable of, without ACP, without rate case overhang, without coal ash et cetera. And so we believe, there is incredible opportunity in 2021, and then growth beyond. So, Steve would you add anything to that? 
Steve Young: Yeah. The only thing, I might add is that, we'll look to see the impact of the customer growth. We're seeing the highest customer growth numbers we've seen in several years in the Carolinas and Florida. So perhaps that can give us a pickup as well.
Lynn Good: Some of these New Yorkers, Shar, are coming down to New Jersey.
Steve Young: Come on down Shar. 
Shar Pourreza: I'm on my way. I'm on my way. 
Lynn Good: Okay, good. Good. 
Shar Pourreza: And then obviously, you highlighted the Supreme Court pushed out the ruling until December 11. Can you just maybe Lynn with that delay talk a little bit about sort of the settlement strategy? How do you think discussions are going? Are they more or less constructive? And you've been obviously very vocal of the impact of not earning a return on the expenditures. Maybe it would be just helpful to refresh our thoughts as we think about credit metrics, and how we should think about potential equity or not in view of the Dominion order. 
Lynn Good: And so, Shar let me go to the last part of the question first. And that is, if we do receive the Dominion order from the NCUC, we do not intend to issue equity to cure the impact of a difficult rate order. So that is the headline answer to that question. I think we will wait to hear from both of these parties, the Supreme Court and the NCUC on coal ash in December early January. I do not expect that, we will be reaching settlement on coal ash. I think all parties are interested in hearing what the court and commissions have to say. But as I've said many times, we believe that coal ash is a recoverable cost, the NCUC does as well. We also believe that we are entitled to earn a return on costs that are collected over a long period of time consistent with the precedence of rate making in the state and also consistent with the requirements of strong credit for the utility. So we will await this ruling later this year. 
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then just lastly on – just a follow-up on Stephen's question around the alternative regulation group, it sounds like it's going to mature in 2021. Do you sort of anticipate a bill forming in 2021? And then just remind us like a bill that sort of enacts potential ROE bans or PBRs, does that sort of really act to minimize some regulatory lag, or could that be sort of incremental or accretive to your current growth trajectory or the profile of how you're guiding on growth?
Lynn Good: Those are good questions, Shar, and I do believe that legislation could spring from this clean energy process and the recommendations coming out of the report, to not only set some parameters around transition of the fleet, but also those regulatory reform changes that you're talking about. The objective of the regulatory reform would really be to incent and enable the energy policy in the state. And to the extent, it reduces regulatory lag it is good. It is good for customers. It is good for investors and that will be an objective, as we talk about, the way regulatory reform would play out. I think about grid investment in particular. It's so important to this transition. And grid investment needs a different regulatory model than what we have here in North Carolina, and there's a lot of good discussion going on about that as part of these processes.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. congratulations guys. Have a good morning.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Shar.
Steve Young: Thank you, Shar.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Go ahead.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, guys.
Lynn Good: Good morning.
Steve Young: Hello.
Michael Weinstein: Hey. On the – is the upside for $5.15 in 2021 is that only applied to 2021? In other words would you intend to keep the base at $5.15, even if you were able to find some savings for next year?
Lynn Good: I think we'll cross that bridge when we jump to it Mike. I appreciate that question. I do feel like we've got a lot of uncertainties behind us. We've got a clean picture for 2021, but just like any business here you have things to tackle. We're tackling COVID and O&M and we're also working to progress the Clean Energy Plan. So, Steve, would you add to that in any way?
Steve Young: You're right. We don't have that specificity now, but whatever we anchor to we're going to have a growth trajectory from that point forward that I think is going to be very clear in -- throughout the period that we're projecting forward on. 
Michael Weinstein: Certainly, the rate base growth is there to…
Lynn Good: Yes. Correct. Investment growth is clear.
Steve Young: That's correct. 
Lynn Good: Yeah.
Michael Weinstein: And Steve, when you were negotiating after the tax -- the tax rate reductions a few years ago when you were negotiating with regulators to keep cash flows intact, what would be the outcome of a higher tax rate going forward? Do you think there will be room for additional FFO-to-debt improvements there if such a thing were to happen going forward?
Steve Young: Yes, I think that would ultimately happen. What you'd see here if you saw an increase in the federal tax rate people have talked about moving from 21% to 28%. It would just move in the opposite direction of what we did in 2018. You would see the holding company tax shield be more beneficial to the tune of $0.05 or $0.06 per share at the operating company levels. Once enacted the higher tax rate, we would start deferring the additional income tax expense. And then we'd work with regulators on increasing the rates to reflect the increase in the tax expense, which is the opposite of what we did back in 2018 through 2020. And now that would result in an increase in cash flow and would help FFO there. We estimate that type of impact would be in the neighborhood of 2% to customer rates, but they've seen larger decreases as we've implemented the 2018 Reform Act. So, I do think it provides cash flow benefits in that fashion.
Michael Weinstein: Great. Thank you very much. That's all I have now. Thank you.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Our next question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning team.
Lynn Good: Hi, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thanks for the time on you all. Hey. First a solitary question. Just wanted to see -- I haven't heard anything strategic here. But following media reports in recent weeks and months anything you can offer on strategic remarks? I'll just leave that open-ended. And then I've got some more substantive questions if I can.
Lynn Good: And so Julien, are you talking about market rumors on M&A? 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yeah. I just wanted to see if there's anything that you would offer on that front, because no one's asking thus far.
Lynn Good: Okay. All right. I'm sorry. Yeah. So building on your comment about strategic things for the company our focus is on the strategy of clean energy transition. It's on the strategy of building the stakeholder support in the Carolinas, as we move forward on regulatory reform and infrastructure investment. And so our focus is on driving that organic growth which we're -- we believe is extraordinary not only in terms of rate base investment, but customer growth and thriving jurisdictions. So that's what I would say our focus is on Julien. And we feel like the future is bright, as we've laid out here and we'll continue to build on as we give you more insight in February.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: No, I appreciate that. Just wanted to make sure. All right. So back to perhaps more substantive measures. Perhaps as you think about the transitioning here from the Clean Energy Plan and the reports of the governor, what pieces are resonating as best you can tell thus far with that stakeholder group? And I know we're still a few weeks away, but as you would in an attempt to try to capture the preponderance of different views here what are those regulatory buckets for reforms that are still on the table versus perhaps those that may be less relevant today? If you can try to capture that if you don't mind.
Lynn Good: Yes. It's a good question Julien, because a lot of things have been discussed. And I think it's been a good exchange of information, feedback, education, points of view being shared. I think at the top level the regulatory reform is really focused on, how can we incent the development of this critical infrastructure and the associated reduction in carbon, so things like multiyear rate plans are being discussed, decoupling is being discussed. And we believe there's a lot of interest in those types of tools in order to move this forward. Performance-based rate making would be another thing that I would point to because you can tie achievement of certain outcomes to performance-based rate making. So those are the things, I would point to at this point. And as the processes continue you may recall there are two pieces; carbon policy in one, regulatory reform in the other. Carbon policy will find its way to the governor's desk by the end of the year. Regulatory reform will also be kind of wrapping up in that time frame. And as we reach critical milestones, we'll update of course along the way. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Sorry and just one quick clarification if I can. With respect to your confidence on costs that maybe differ, do you think you'll be able to earn at your authorized ROEs in the Carolinas going forward even with this Dominion order? 
Lynn Good: Yes. So if you look at our track record on earning our allowed rate of return, Julien, it's been very good. And we expect to be able to earn at our allowed rate of return going forward. Steve, would you add to that? 
Steve Young: Yes. I think absolutely we've got a long history of utilizing various levers whether it's O&M cost controls, expanding wholesale sales just working -- optimizing our regulatory schedule to earn our allowed return on our growing rate base. And so we'll continue to employ those tools as we go forward regardless of any particular rate outcome. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right, exactly. All right. Perfect. Thank you, guys and best of luck.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Julien.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman : Thanks. Good morning.
Lynn Good: Hi, Steve.
Steve Fleishman : Hi, Lynn. So just a little bit more follow-up on North Carolina. I think you did mention that you kind of work well with both sides of the aisle. I think the governor won Democrat, but the Legislature State Republican. Just in thinking about trying to turn these working groups into a law, how much is that going to be a challenge in 2021? 
Lynn Good: Steve, I would say that historically energy policy in North Carolina has moved in a bipartisan way. And the benefit of having diverse stakeholders together is you have voices from the business community, from the manufacturing community, from low income, from the environmental constituents. You've got the administration at the table as well.  And I believe critical infrastructure focused not only on environment, but on job creation has a durability or an appeal to both sides of the aisle. And I believe we'll play a role in working with both sides to bring that intersection together. So we approach this with great optimism and enthusiasm from the alignment we've been able to be a part of in 2020 and we'll keep the conversations going. 
Steve Fleishman : Great. And I guess outside of getting legislation, can some of these potential changes be implemented without that just by the commission directly at the state level? 
Lynn Good: It's interesting. Steve, if you look at the IRP, we've got everything from a base plan to the more aggressive early retirements of coal and so on. That base plan can be executed immediately because it's within the regulations in North Carolina. It has renewable investment. It has storage investment and a variety of things. So there's a lot that can be done without any changes. I think as we look at some of the more new technologies like offshore wind and other things like that having some legislative support around achieving those targets and embracing those technologies I think would be helpful to any investor in the state as well as to the commission.  So you can think about that IRP as providing a menu of options and we can get going even absent changes on the transition up to -- I think that base plan is a 50% to 55% carbon reduction under existing statutes. 
Steve Fleishman : Great. Okay. Thank you very much. That's helpful.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Anthony Crowdell: Thanks. Good morning, Lynn. Good morning, Steve.
Lynn Good: Good morning.
Steve Young: Good morning.
Anthony Crowdell: Thank you so much for the information slide. I just have two quick. One related to Slide 12 and the other growing CapEx profile. I guess first, how much of that CapEx is maybe rider eligible? I mean the company is kind of winding down hopefully the resolution in North Carolina winding down a rate case cycle. How much could that get included in rates without a rate filing? And are you entering another rate case cycle?  And then the follow-up would be it appears that the Duke service territory has a significant amount of investment opportunities especially compared to maybe other companies. What's the limitation there? Is it balance sheet? Is it rate impact? And I'll leave it at that. 
Lynn Good: So in the Carolinas, Anthony, the regulatory structure is still a rate base -- rate case-type structure. I think as we think about this regulatory reform multi-year rate planning, decoupling, performance-based rate making are in the conversation and our hope and expectation is there will be some adjustment to that regulatory process. We have not laid out any specific timing for rate cases. We have just finished a rate case here in 2020. So you would not expect us to come in the short-term. 
Steve Young: Right. And I'd agree with that. In the Carolinas, we're working to put it into place some mechanisms that help incent as Lynn said this growing investment profile that we have going forward. Our gas businesses in the Midwest and Florida we have mechanisms in place and they work very well for us whether it's rider mechanisms or multiyear rate planning or decoupling on the gas side. So, we're very familiar with those. We're advancing the ball in the Carolinas with this dialogue. And I think we'll make some progress as we move forward. 
Lynn Good: And on the second part of the question around constraints Anthony we always plan capital within what I would call a reasonable expectation of impact to customer price. So, as we talked about in the integrated resource plan discussion the base plan is about a 1% increase in customer rates per year. As you get more aggressive it could go up to 2.5%. That includes offsets for fuel and O&M and so on that would be a part of the transition. So, we always keep an eye on price. And in addition to those tools of fuel and O&M that will come naturally from transitioning to generation we also continue to very aggressively drive costs out of the business through digitization through changes in process all forms of automation. And that will continue to be an objective to keep prices low for customers. 
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my questions and I'm looking forward to connecting at EEI with the team.
Lynn Good: Thank you. Appreciate that.
Steve Young: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Go ahead.
Lynn Good: Good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi good morning.
Steve Young: Good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: I think you've touched on 2021 O&M a bit here but just thinking about that a bit more. Is the timing of 2020 planned outages kind of the main driver of higher 2021 O&M? But are there other factors to think about here? And how should we think about 2021 O&M versus 2019 as a base year? And kind of what does the trajectory look like longer-term as the pandemic subsides?
Steve Young: Sure. Lynn had mentioned and I had mentioned outages as being one thing that potentially could put some upward pressure on O&M going forward. We'll also look at variable compensation. That's another area that we have a flex on that could see an increase in 2021. So, we'll continue to look at that. I'd say those are a couple of areas there. When you think about our O&M trajectory as a whole we started back in 2015 at $5 billion of non-recoverable O&M if you will. And in 2019 that was at $4.9 billion and that included absorbing $280 million to $300 million at Piedmont because they were acquired during that period of time. That gives you an idea of the savings that we've been able to generate through this very concerted effort of business transformation. We're going to come in lower in 2020 because of all of the tactical efforts that we've put in place to replace the top line revenue loss. That will move up in 2021 but I suspect the downward trajectory is going to continue in 2021 over 2019. We'll be firming that up as we go forward. But our sustainable reductions will continue. I do believe that.
Lynn Good: And what we're trying to do Jeremy as we've said a couple of times is this load continues to represent a headwind in 2021. We do not see it quite back to 2019 based on our projections although we would be delighted to be surprised to the upside. We'll keep costs under control consistent with that weakness in the top line as we think about 2021.
Jeremy Tonet: Great, that's very helpful. I'll stop there. Thanks.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Jeremy.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research Partners. Go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold: Good morning.
Lynn Good: Good morning.
Jonathan Arnold: I think my questions was covered. But could I just -- could you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the renewables development space for the commercial business? And just remind us where that sort of fits into how you're talking about the growth outlook?
Lynn Good: Jonathan we continue to see a lot of project opportunity and a pipeline of contracts and projects under development. We have targeted $200 million to $250 million of net income over the five-year period. And we have a clear line of sight to achieving that during the five years. So, we feel very good about the business. When you couple that expertise with the renewables that we're building in the regulated business I feel like the team is doing a good job of understanding the integration of the resources how to develop and build them cost effectively. And so that's what you can expect kind of a $200 million to $250 million contribution from commercial renewables going forward. 
Jonathan Arnold: Great. And then just if I may then on your comments about seeing upside potential to the $5.15. I'm just curious if you could I know this has been covered. But is that incremental comfort that you've developed since you first put that number out there or really just articulating kind of a path that you were already on a lot more clearly?
Lynn Good: Probably a little bit more comfort Jonathan in that. We've got three more months behind us on COVID. Our forecast for that had been pretty accurate in terms of net income. But we'll be watching it over November and December with the second wave. And the rate cases have always been out there as something that represents an opportunity and then we talked about cost management. We're going through everything we've done in 2020 to challenge whether it's achievable in 2021 and that work is part of our normal process that Steve leads in connection with the five-year plan. So, probably a little more confidence because we've got three more months of experience. Steve how would you add?
Steve Young: Yes, I'd agree with that. We are starting to firm up what we can -- what we've learned from COVID on cost reductions and we'll continue to drive that out and that's always helpful to our plan. So, we'll be continuing to push on this and drive more detail as we go forward. 
Jonathan Arnold: Great. Thanks for the update.
Lynn Good: All right Jonathan. Thank you.
Operator: And that will conclude our Q&A session for today's call. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back to Lynn Good for closing remarks.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Savanna and thanks to everyone who joined. We're looking forward to talking with many of you if not all of you next week in our Virtual EEI Meeting. So, thanks again for joining and thanks for your investment in Duke Energy.
Operator: And this will conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-10 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bryan Buckler - VP, IR Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President, and CEO Steven K. Young - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Kody Clark - Guggenheim Partners Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Jonathan Arnold - Vertical Research Partners Durgesh Chopra - Evercore ISI
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Duke Energy's Second Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Bryan Buckler, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Bryan Buckler - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you, Abby. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Duke Energy's second quarter 2020 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking information within the meaning of the securities laws. Actual results could differ materially from such forward-looking statements and those factors are outlined herein and disclosed in Duke Energy's SEC filings. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in today's materials and on duke-energy.com. Please note the appendix for today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures. As summarized on slide 4, during today's call, Lynn will provide an update on our 2020 financial results and rate cases as well as the insights on the company's long-term strategy and investment outlook. Steve will then share an overview of our second quarter financial results. We will also offer insights into our economic and load growth outlook and long-term earnings projections before closing with key investor considerations. With that, let me turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Bryan, thank you, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced adjusted earnings per share of $1.08 for the quarter which is favorable to our internal projections including COVID. The decline in load during the quarter was less significant than originally anticipated with some of our states reopening and residential usage stronger than expected. Looking ahead and recognizing the uncertainties that remain, including the potential impact of a resurgence in the virus, we're maintaining our full-year projection of a 3% to 5% decline in retail volumes. We are also closely monitoring the pace of economic recovery and we'll know more as the year progresses. We made great progress in mitigating operations and maintenance expense. I'm very proud of our demonstrated track record in managing our cost structure over many years. But I'm particularly proud of the work of the team this year. We have identified and launched significant efforts to reduce costs in 2020 by $350 million to $450 million, matching the impact of mild winter weather, major storms and the pandemic. The quarter reflects a portion of those savings and we are on track to deliver the remaining savings over the balance of 2020. We remain steadfast in our 2020 financial commitment to shareholders and are reaffirming our full-year guidance range of $5.05 to $5.45. Through aggressive approach to cost mitigation, which began early in the year, we are positioned to navigate through the uncertainties of COVID and to absorb the loss of earnings from the cancellation of ACP. As Steve will discuss in a moment, our year-to-date results, along with the strong July, position us to deliver in the lower half of the 2020 guidance range. The third quarter, our most significant one, is still ahead of us and we will update expectations again during our third quarter earnings call. Let me also touch briefly on 2021. And in July, we announced the cancellation of ACP due to ongoing delays and increasing cost uncertainty which threatened the economic viability of the project. We are disappointed in this outcome, but believe the decision to cancel is in the best interest of our shareholders and our customers, and we are actively pursuing other infrastructure plans to support Eastern North Carolina as I will touch on in a moment. There's a lot to be excited about as we head into 2021. We will enter the year with 95% of our future earnings and capital allocation in our regulated electric and gas utilities. Our utilities serve some of the most attractive jurisdictions in the country and provide our investors with a transparent, low-risk capital plan and annual rate base growth of 6%. We will use every tool available to us to maximize 2021 earnings for shareholders and will remain steadfastly focused on delivering growth of 4% to 6% over the long term, grounded in our regulated jurisdictional businesses. Steve will share more with you in a moment regarding our 2021 outlook. Before I talk about a recent regulatory activity and investment strategy, I wanted to share an update on our ongoing response to COVID and the social unrest that has gripped our communities. We are nearly six months into the pandemic, an unprecedented event that has required us to create new solutions for our customers and employees. In short order, we've adapted our workplaces, shifted to remote operations where possible, created new processes for customer interactions and more, while keeping the health and safety of our communities and employees paramount. We've also maintained reliable service for our customers and quickly restored 350,000 outages across Florida and Carolinas as the result of the recent hurricane. Our employees continue to rise to the challenges associated with this pandemic, and I am so proud of our workforce's extraordinary response. And in the midst of the pandemic, our company and, indeed, the nation have been challenged by the killing of George Floyd and its aftermath. Issues surrounding racial equity and social justice are front and center, as they should be. A national movement has been ignited that demands much more than a debate. It deserves action. Our company is determined to work toward fair, responsible and practical solutions. Times like these remind me of the importance of our company's values. We believe deeply that having diverse backgrounds, experiences and skills allows us to serve our customers better, innovate and attract the talent we need to be successful. Now more than ever, we are relying on these values to cultivate a workplace rooted in diversity and inclusion. As we power the lives of our customers, we will also continue to advocate for change, stand up for justice, and ensure the communities where we work and live are provided with equal opportunities. Turning to slide 6, you can see that we've been active in the regulatory space over the past few months and are engaging stakeholders to reach balanced solutions for our customers. In late June, the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission issued a constructive order in our base rate case, supporting our long-term investment strategy for the Midwest. As you will recall, we filed our case last July, marking the first case DEI filed in 16 years. We received approval for an overall base rate increase of $159 million or a 6.2% average rate increase. The rate increase, which is based on the modernized forward test year, will be implemented in two steps, with step one rates already effective, and step two rates will be implemented in Q2 2021, and then trued up with carrying costs to January 1, 2021. The commission ordered a 9.7% ROE and a requested capital structure of 53% equity. We were also pleased with the decisions on full recovery of and return on the historic coal ash costs and inclusion of the Edwardsport IGCC plant in base rate. Importantly, the commission approved shortened depreciable lives for our coal fleet, a key step in our transition to a cleaner energy future and consistent with the IRP we filed in 2019. Shifting to North Carolina, we recently reached constructive partial settlement in both our DEC and DEP rate cases. The settling parties include a broad group of intervenors from large customers to community groups and, most recently, the public staff, illustrating the focus our company places on stakeholder engagement. Key terms of the agreement with public staff include a 9.6% ROE and 52% equity component of the capital structure, along with deferral treatment and a return on approximately $1.3 billion in grid improvements from 2020 to 2022. The settlement terms are subject to approval by the North Carolina Utilities Commission with hearing set to begin on August 24. The delay in hearings provide sufficient time for the parties to review or update the capital and service data and other revenue requirement inputs through May 31. These changes will increase the annual revenue requirement request by approximately $70 million. And lastly, I'd like to point out our filing to implement interim rate changes for both DEC and DEP. These temporary rates are designed to protect our ability to earn on investments consistent with the originally requested effective dates, while avoiding a rate change for customers during this interim period. This innovative approach by our North Carolina regulatory team was made possible by utilizing the flow-back of excess deferred income taxes and ensures we maintain our financial strength as we make these investments. We look forward to sharing more updates on our North Carolina rate cases and other regulatory proceedings in the months to come. Now, turning to slides 7 and 8, Duke Energy's strategy to modernize and strengthen the energy grid, generate cleaner energy, and expand smart energy infrastructure across our footprint is underpinned by a robust five-year $56 billion capital plan, but also provides clear line of sight to tremendous capital deployment opportunities for our communities well past 2024. Our financial and capital planning process is underway, and we continue to see ample capital investment opportunities, including emerging infrastructure needs for the Piedmont Natural Gas system in Eastern North Carolina, ongoing grid upgrades and infrastructure to support economic growth, and renewable expansion, and additional solar investments in Florida and the Carolinas. We're also finalizing our work on the Integrated Resource Plan in the Carolinas, the IRP, which we will file in early September. In the IRP, we will outline alternatives to achieving our carbon reduction goals as well as the North Carolina governor's executive order to achieve a 70% reduction by 2030. This IRP filing follows a comprehensive stakeholder engagement process, which work to identify the best potential paths forward to achieve carbon reduction targets, while also balancing reliability and affordability for our customers. We are also engaged in a separate stakeholder process led by the state of North Carolina focusing on establishing a clean energy plan for the future. We see this engagement and our IRP filing as complementary, and we believe they will serve as foundational elements in our investment planning over the next decade. Retirement of coal plants and investment in replacement generation coupled with investments in battery storage, the energy delivery system, energy efficiency and demand side management, will underpin the state's transition to a cleaner energy future and Duke Energy's investment plan for customers and shareholders. We look forward to sharing more with you as the year progresses. This line of sight to an extensive runway of investment opportunities in the Carolinas as well as our other states gives us confidence to deliver on our long-term rate base growth rate of 6%, not only through 2024, but into the next decade. As I reflect on 2020 and where we're headed, Duke Energy is very well positioned. Time and again, we adapt, innovate and deliver, creating value for customers and shareholders alike. As we continue to respond to the pandemic, we are looking to the future and executing on our long-term plans, advancing a smarter energy future for our communities. I hope you'll join us for our inaugural ESG Analyst Day on October 9 to learn more about our Carolinas IRP filing, long-term strategy and specifics of it (00:12:17) around the environment, social issues, and governance. We've included more information on slides 27 and 28 in the appendix, which illustrate our strong progress on transitioning our generation portfolio to carbon-free resources, including renewables. These are important topics, and we look forward to further discussions with you at the ESG Day. With that, let me turn the call over to Steve.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thanks, Lynn, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin with a summary of our quarterly results highlighting a few of the key variances to the prior year. For more detailed information on earnings drivers and a reconciliation of reported to adjusted results, please refer to the supporting materials that accompany today's press release and presentation. As shown on slide 9, we reported a second quarter loss of $1.13 per share and adjusted earnings of $1.08 per share. This is compared to reported and adjusted earnings per share of $1.12 last year. The difference between the reported and adjusted earnings in the current period is due to the cancellation and write-off of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline. Within the segments, Electric Utilities and Infrastructure was down $0.08 quarter-over-quarter. Weather was the primary driver given it was $0.08 favorable in the prior year and closer to normal this year. We also had higher depreciation and amortization expense as we continue to grow our asset base. And as expected, electric volumes were down across each of our service territories due to the pandemic. However, these headwinds were offset by significant cost mitigation, base rate increases in South Carolina and Florida, and higher rider revenues in the Midwest. Our Gas Utilities and Infrastructure results were $0.01 higher driven by new retail rates in North Carolina as well as cost mitigation. Our LDC gas businesses continue to produce outstanding results, contributing $0.09 in growth in 2020. The Commercial Renewables segment was also up $0.01. The increase was primarily due to benefits from new projects brought online this quarter. Finally, Other was up $0.03 for the quarter, principally due to lower income tax expense and higher investment returns in non-qualified benefit plans. Overall, we are very pleased with the results in the quarter. We took swift action to mitigate the impacts of COVID-19 and weather on year-to-date results, and this dedication across the entire enterprise has positioned us well to deliver in the lower half of our 2020 earnings guidance range despite the loss of $0.13 of earnings from ACP. As we think about earnings drivers in the second half of the year, we expect solid growth over 2019 from new base rates in Indiana, North Carolina, Kentucky, and Piedmont as well as continuing benefits from our Florida multiyear rate plan and SoBRA investments. Our impressive cost mitigation efforts in the quarter have created momentum that we will build on during the remainder of the year. We are also pleased to see July results coming in favorable to our plan. We had a very warm month with strong operational performance, and July sales volumes continued to trend favorable to our post-COVID expectations. We expect lower retail electric volumes as well as lower ACP earnings of $0.13 to partially offset these growth factors. Moving to slide 10, while our second quarter retail electric volumes were down 6%, this was favorable compared to our original post-COVID expectations of a 9% decline for the quarter. There were a few favorable trends that we continue to watch. First, we have experienced strength in the residential sector across our service areas in excess of our original expectations. In addition, our commercial and industrial volumes are recovering reasonably well with nearly three-fourths of our largest C&I customers resuming operations. Adding to these data points, July 2020 weather-normal volumes were also favorable by 3% to 4% compared to our COVID-updated forecast. Residential volumes were particularly strong in July, up approximately 6.5% compared to July a year ago. As we look ahead, we are still watching the pace of the economic recovery across each of our service territories and we'll adjust our expectations as we learn more. Our volume expectations for the full year continue to be a retail decline of 3% to 5% with earnings headwinds of $0.25 to $0.35. While our recent results have been favorable, this is clearly a dynamic situation and one we will closely monitor. In the midst of the pandemic, we continue to see strong customer growth across each of our jurisdictions. Year-to-date, we've seen a 1.7% increase in new electric customers and 1.5% growth in gas distribution customers. Beyond organic movement into our attractive service areas, we continue to proactively seek out and support economic development. Even with the current economic challenges and uncertainties, multiple corporations have announced decisions to locate new facilities or expand existing facilities within our service territories. They've not only committed significant capital investment, but they've also committed to expanding jobs in our communities. For example, Centene, a Fortune 50 company, announced a new East Coast regional headquarters and technology center in Charlotte with plans to invest approximately $1 billion and create 3,200 jobs over the next 12 years. This marks one of the longest – largest economic development projects in North Carolina's history. As we continue to see more population migration into our desirables service territories, we believe Duke Energy's long-term load growth fundamentals will be some of the strongest in the industry. Moving to slide 11, we've made tremendous progress across the organization to identify and implement substantial cost mitigation initiatives. I'm extremely proud of the collaboration and focus of our employees and management team to deliver on our 2020 shareholder earnings commitment, despite the significant headwinds we've discussed. We set an aggressive cost mitigation range of $350 million to $450 million in 2020. We began to tackle this by re-scoping and delaying some generation plant outages, making risk-informed decisions about the best schedule moving forward. Additionally, we are retraining and redeploying our own workforce to perform projects historically executed by contract labor and taking advantage of natural attrition. With regards to employee expenses, we have paused any travel that is not business critical, and moderated all discretionary spend. On a year-to-date basis, we have already achieved $170 million in cost reductions, representing 40% of our full year target. We will build on this momentum and are confident in our ability to reach the high end of the range if necessary. Cost mitigation, the ability to respond quickly to unforeseen circumstances has become a core competency of Duke Energy. Our operational teams and industry-leading business transformation group continually utilize our digital and automation playbook to turn many of these changes in work practices and even lower cost structure to benefit future years. We will share more on this front in the coming months as team makes further progress on their work. Let's move to slide 12. Here, I'd like to provide some early considerations for 2021. Prior to the cancellation of ACP, we built the financial plan that was trending toward an EPS midpoint of approximately $5.50 in 2021. Included in this projection is a $0.35 contribution from ACP. The math, therefore, points us to around $5.15 and our regulated utilities Commercial Renewables operations remain on track for 2021. We will be refining this 2021 earnings estimate as we move through the rest of the year, considering regulatory proceedings and our analysis of economic conditions. We believe that 2021 electric load will be impacted by longer-term economic impacts of COVID-19 and we expect to manage our O&M costs to offset this impact as, we have in 2020. Although we cannot immediately replace the ACP earnings, we have identified the incremental capital projects across our businesses that will provide growth over the five-year period. We will reset our earnings base in 2021 and deliver growth of 4% to 6% from our low-risk regulated capital investments over the long term. We will provide 2021 earnings drivers in November and the earnings guidance range in February along with an updated five-year capital plan. As Lynn mentioned, we will use every tool at our disposal to maximize shareholder value in 2021, and our strong 6% rate base CAGR will provide a transparent low-risk platform to 4% to 6% long-term EPS growth off of that 2021 base. Turning to slide 13. Our strong balance sheet underpins our $56 billion capital plan. After we announced the cancellation of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline, both S&P and Moody's maintained the current rating and stable outlook at the holding company. Our stable outlook is supported by our $500 million DRIP and ATM program in 2020 through 2022 and a proactive $2.5 billion equity offering that was priced last November to mitigate all potential impacts of ACP. We believe this amount of equity is adequate to support our balance sheet and capital plan. Finally, we understand the value of the dividend to our investors. This year marks the 94th consecutive year of paying a quarterly cash dividend and the 14th consecutive annual increase. The recent increase of 2% is consistent with our strategy to grow the dividend, but also moderate our payout ratio within a sustainable range of 65% to 75%. Finally, let me wrap up on slide 14. Our attractive dividend yield, coupled with our long-term earnings growth from investments in our regulated utilities, provide a compelling risk-adjusted return for shareholders. We are well positioned to manage through COVID-19 and remain confident in our ability to deliver in the lower half of the earnings guidance range in 2020, overcoming significant headwinds, as we expect to enter 2021 with one of the most valuable and low-risk shareholder investment propositions in the industry, and we look forward to sharing more with you in the coming months. And as Lynn mentioned, we look forward to sharing more details about our ESG vision and long-term strategy during our ESG Day on October 9. With that, we'll open the call for the questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our first question from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, Steve, Lynn. How are you doing?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Good morning. Hey. Great. Can you talk about some of the main things that you're looking at that will affect the 2021 guidance and how you're thinking about rebasing at 4% to 6% going forward? Like right off the bat, everybody can see the impact of ACP is definitely a factor; COVID-19, how long that lasts is a factor; maybe the coal ash settlement or coal ash proceedings, that's probably a factor. How do all these things weigh in your minds right now as you're thinking about 2021?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Sure, Mike, and I appreciate that question. I think it's on everyone's mind and we really worked hard in our remarks and with our slide today to give you some visibility into what we're thinking about. I think there are three important points that I would emphasize here. First of all that the regulated and commercial renewables businesses remain on track. And I think what's important there as we talk about rate case outcomes, or coal ash recovery, et cetera, we always plan for a range of outcomes that was contemplated in the projected $5.50. It's also contemplated in the projected $5.15 that Steve walked you through the math on. The second important point is that we are committed to mitigating COVID economic effects as we did in 2020. We don't yet know how much they're going to be. We're looking at a range of economic forecasts, but our commitment is that the declining load would be offset with O&M. And then the third thing I think is important is we've already begun to identify additional capital projects that will fill in the roughly $2 billion that had originally been planned for ACP, and we've reflected a few ideas for you on slide 12. So, we're trying to give you the sense, this is the visibility, this is what we're looking at, regulated utilities on track, COVID to be mitigated, capital plan intact. And so, over the balance of the year, we'll continue to monitor what's going on with the economy. We should receive orders from the NCUC on the pending cases. We're also going to be closely following the IRP and clean energy plan resolution and feedback because those two initiatives represent opportunities for us to continue to identify capital that we'll spend over the next five years and the next decade. So, we will give you more visibility on all of these things in the third quarter, including drivers, and then, of course, the complete capital cash flow earnings range in February as we historically have.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Hey. One more on coal ash. If you were to receive, let's say, some moderately negative order on coal ash or a negative order on coal ash, would that require any additional block equity issuance or secondary equity? I know you've said that you do not need it for ACP cancellation. I just wanted to confirm.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Sure. And I – this is an important question and will really be the centerpiece of testimony on the implications to credit, Mike, of coal ash recovery. I talked about the earnings implications contemplated in our plan. But on cash flow and metrics, we will be on the stand August 24 talking about the importance of a strong balance sheet, importance of our customers, not only for growth, but for potential disruptions in the market, the fact that the customers lean on our balance sheet during hurricanes and COVID and other things. And our hope and expectation is that, given the magnitude of this issue to Duke and the fact that we have a very strong, well-reasoned order from 2018, that we'll receive fair and appropriate treatment from the commission on this item. The North Carolina Commission has been constructive over many years and we will put a very strong case in front of them. But I think it's important to focus specifically on coal ash. And if we were to receive an order consistent with Dominion, and absent any other provisions within the order that would be credit supportive, our balance sheet would be weakened. And Moody's has been very clear on the treatment of coal ash; if there's no return, it would be a direct reduction or deduction from FFO to debt. And frankly, we believe there are no viable options to address over a 100-basis-point impact to FFO to debt, which is basically the impact that that ruling would have. It's too big to solve with equity issuances. It's too big to solve with operational responses. And I don't say this lightly. We don't want this outcome. We don't think it's in the best interest of customers or the state. And I can never speak for the agencies, but I think the consideration will not only be the quantitative math I just walked you through, but the qualitative assessment of, is this order constructive and is the downgrade threshold for Duke at the appropriate level? So we look at this as an important issue, as I said, a centerpiece of our testimony in August. We have reached a settlement with the state on the method of closing. We saved customers' money. We're meeting all the deadlines. We're delivering consistent with the rules and regulations, and our hope and expectation is for a constructive order. As you noted in your comments about equity, we believe the amount of equity in the plan is adequate to support our capital and our balance sheet. And that's the way we're approaching it at this point.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. So, just to be clear, it doesn't sound like you'd be inclined to issue additional equity, even in the event of some kind of a negative order on coal ash recovery.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Mike, we will evaluate the whole of the order, because I think it'll be important to look at what else is in the order, are there any other credit-supportive elements. But we stand by the equity that we've included in our plan is adequate to support our credit and our capital plan. And we don't believe that equity will solve a potential quantitative and qualitative assessment on coal ash. So, as I said, we'll put a strong case on. We expect and hope for fair treatment from the commission, and we'll continue to keep you posted as we move through these proceedings.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, Lynn. Thank you very much. And I'll cede the floor.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Kody Clark - Guggenheim Partners: Hey. It's actually Kody Clark on for Shar. Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Morning.
Kody Clark - Guggenheim Partners: So, just to follow up on the last question, just wanted to get a better sense of the moving pieces here. I know you aren't in a position to give 2021 guidance, but given your capital spending guidance, no need to raise equity yet and healthy rate case outcome in the Carolinas, upcoming filing in Florida, O&M levers and additional projects in lieu of ACP given your gas needs. Is there any reason to believe that when you issue that 2021 guidance that it would imply growth lower than the historical midpoint, 4% to 6%?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: So, what we are pointing to in the analysis is we were targeting $5.50. ACP is worth about $0.35. So, the math points to about $5.15, and that implies the reg business and commercial renewables on track, implies it will offset any economic deterioration with O&M, and also implies that we'll continue to rebuild that capital from ACP, So, that's the way I would respond to it. Steve, would you add anything to that?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Our rate base is growing at 6% for our businesses. So, I think we're going to robustly grow in 4% to 6% range, hopefully, with potential at the high end of the range from where we reset in 2021.
Kody Clark - Guggenheim Partners: Got it. Okay. Thank you. And then, quickly looking forward to the ESG Day, do you plan on providing the incremental long-term capital spending opportunities associated with the Carolinas IRP at that point or will you wait for the full capital plan update in February to roll in any CapEx?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: I believe February is going to be better timing for that. And the reason is the IRP is filed in early September. The clean energy plan reaches its natural resolution in the form of a report to the governor at the end of December. So, I think what we'll be able to do is share some of the scenarios within our IRP, what the capital would look like in those scenarios with the impact to customer rates. And it will have everything from meeting at least a 50% carbon reduction to a 70% carbon reduction, which is the target that the governor has set in his executive order. But I think to fully reflect all of that in our capital plan 2021, February will be a start. And I think we'll even learn more beyond February as the process continues here in the Carolinas. And I do think that fleet transition is something that represents an opportunity for us to add capital in the Carolinas that Steve referenced just a moment ago, and we'll keep you informed along the way as we know more.
Kody Clark - Guggenheim Partners: Great. That's all I have. Thank you and stay safe.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you, you too.
Operator: We will take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning to you. Thank you for the time.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just a quick – hey. Good morning. Just wanted to follow up as a clarification of the capital spending plan and how it reconciles with IRP. I know you list out a few potential items here offsetting ACP, but that doesn't necessarily hit at the wider potential transition of the portfolio that you might be getting at in the IRP. So, one, if you can discuss the scenario of the IRP? And two, how that might reconcile with the revised $56 billion CapEx plan?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Julien, it's a very good question. And then what we've shared with you on slide 12 for incremental investments really does not contemplate the full potential from the IRP and the clean energy plan over the next decade. And so, the scenarios that we just talked briefly about in the slide deck, I'm kind of flipping here, it's slide 8, we believe we'll accelerate realization of clean energy by accelerating coal retirements. It will have a range of replacement generation options including, of course, more renewables and battery storage. It'll present an at least 50% carbon reduction, which I think has been our goal across our system, certainly here in the Carolinas as well. It'll also present what's necessary to get to at least a 70% carbon reduction. So, those three transition opportunities are not fully reflected in our capital plan. But they will be as we know more and as we align more specifically with the policy that will be finalized here over the next year, and we'll update you as we go.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And just can you clarify some of those scenarios that you talk about over the next year, what's the timeline to getting clarity here, if I can ask you just a step further?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: So, we will take a stab at this, Julien, in February with our updated capital. But I would expect when a clean energy plan report is issued at the end of December, it's going to take a little time for that to find its way in terms of ongoing policy, is legislation necessary, is the commission going to be involved. Our IRP, similarly, will start to get reaction from it. We've been in stakeholder processes, but it will be filed in September. And so, I think it will take a little bit of time to feed those ideas and turn that into a more definitive policy. And we'll take a stab at it in February, but continue to build on that because what we're really talking about is a decade of investment through 2030 and then beyond.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. All right. So, the clarity is, 4Q, you're going to give us a first stab at it. But after that, it remains ongoing and potentially expansive.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: That's right. I think that's a fair way to think about it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi. Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hello, Steve.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, Lynn. Just a follow-up question on the coal ash issue. You mentioned in your rate order other credit-supportive elements. Aside from getting a return on it, like what – have you proposed other credit-supportive elements? Like, what might those be?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: I think it's cash flow, Steve. We've reached the settlement at 9.6% and 52%. I think it would have to be higher than that. And there's accelerated depreciation which is the cash flow element. So, I think it would be a combination of things, but we feel strongly about the recovery of the return on and of the coal ash. We received treatment in that regard in 2018, as you know, but I'm just providing that feedback to, say, any time you get an order from the commission, you have to look at the whole of it to evaluate implications, and we'll do exactly that.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Great. And then on ACP, in terms of just thoughts on how you're actually going to replace the gas – not the CapEx, but the gas that you needed – do you have – when will we know more about that?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Sure. Steve, we've been working on contingency plans for some time for both the LDC, so this is the Piedmont system and the need to get more gas and more pressure into the eastern part of the state. There are a range of options. We'll be looking at the lowest-cost option for customers. And we believe some capital expansion will be necessary to achieve that's what's reflected on slide 12. For the electric business, the IRP will be the first step in that process. There's been planning along the way, but the implications to replacement generation will be – begin to be addressed in the IRP. And there also will be weighing cost, completion risks, a variety of options that would be available to support the electric business. I think we talked about the fact the gas supply into the Carolinas is currently constrained particularly in winter. So, we'll need to look for ways to address that over time. And as we finalize these options and the considerations, we'll talk more about them.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Great. And then one last question. In the slide in the appendix where you showed kind of your long-term renewables goal, I think, of doubling by 2025. Could you just give more color, like how much of that has to come through the North Carolina, the Carolinas IRP processes, or assumption for that? Or are you assuming maybe you get half of what's bid there? Or is it coming from Florida commercial or areas like that? Just a little more color on that number.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Yeah. And Steve, that is based on historic IRPs. The Florida plan, the CPRE in the Carolinas, it includes some additional renewables, but we would intend to update all of that following the IRP and further work.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Right. I think there's significant renewables that come on the regulated side to CPRE and in Florida, and we're also including renewables that we cook up and just purchased from as well in the Carolinas as part of that number, because we're an important part there. And in the commercial business, we got through our five-year plan, about $2 billion of capital, and that represents landing about 300 megawatts a year. So, that's a piece of it as well. But I think there's a lot of renewables potential continuing in Florida and the Carolinas.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: And I think, Steve, this represents what we included in our climate report this year. It did not fully contemplate what we're seeing in the IRP and the clean energy plan. So, we will update this as we know more.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi, guys. Thank you for taking my question.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Michael.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I hope you guys are doing well. I have two questions. One about Florida, one about the Carolinas. In Florida, do you see the potential to significantly upsize amount of megawatts or gigawatts of utility-scale solar that you built in Florida? I mean, if I compare your program relative to the other really large utility in the state, the size and scale differences are dramatic. It didn't know if there was something physical about the different systems that drive that difference in between their rolling out 10 gigawatts over 10 years and you're doing a dramatically smaller amount. That's my first question. My second question is, what role does offshore wind play in North Carolina – or in both Carolinas, and how will you know whether offshore wind is a component of your investment strategy?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Yeah. So, Michael, let me take Florida first. So, what we have shared with you in Florida is only a five-year plan. I mean, there's a site plan in Florida that gives some more visibility. But I would think about us as working within that five-year period, giving you more specifics. We are well on our way to the 750 megawatts that we announced a year or so ago...
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: A year and a half.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: A year and a half ago. We've also recently announced a Clean Energy Connection plan for another 750 megawatts. And as you look at the growth that Steve Fleishman was asking about a moment ago, there's over 1,000 in total in Florida over that five-year period. I do think there will be more renewable opportunities in Florida. And so, we will continue to update as we see more potential and as we roll out a different additional programs on behalf of customers. We are in a multiyear rate plan that will finalize at the end of 2021, Steve?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Yes. At the end of 2021.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: So, that would be another opportunity for us to provide updates on capital and so on. So, I think renewables will continue to be a story in Florida.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: And I would add, part of our growth plan in Florida was the Citrus County combined cycles and that was two very large combined cycles that went into service. So, that influenced the amount of solar that we needed during this period. I think as we go forward, we'll be ramping up the amount of solar that we're putting in place, as Lynn alluded to.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: And Michael, on offshore wind, I think we will address offshore wind in the upcoming IRP. And where we think it might fit into the portfolio, I would think about it as something that probably has greater potential toward the end, to the next decade. You may remember the history here in the Carolinas, there was a wind moratorium, so no wind through the end of 2019. So, it hasn't had as much visibility as I think it will coming through this IRP and the clean energy process. So, it represents a future investment opportunity and we'll know more as this policy gets finalized and as we make further progress on the fleet transition.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research.
Jonathan Arnold - Vertical Research Partners: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Jonathan.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Morning.
Jonathan Arnold - Vertical Research Partners: Just tying a couple of these things together, Lynn, do you think of the fleet transition and investments related to it as something that extends your runway or pushes you better within the 4% to 6% sort of trajectory that you're talking to us about or potentially even higher than that? Just curious, are there other things that you've dialed back a little bit on and just if you could speak to that.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Jonathan, I think it does both. It certainly provides a long-term runway because you think about – we're talking about fleet and fleet means long term. So, we're underpinning generation in the Carolinas for decades. But I also think it has the potential to impact this five-year plan to provide more investment opportunities, and we'll always look at investments within the context of price to customers because it needs to maintain – we need to maintain affordability. And so, I do think it has the potential to influence both periods. One of the great things about the expertise that we've developed on cost is that gives us headroom for capital. And we think about ongoing reduction of our cost structure as a way to continue to add capital for the benefit of customers. So, I would say, it helps both things.
Jonathan Arnold - Vertical Research Partners: Great. Thank you. And then, Steve, you gave a little bit of a – sort of more of a July view of how residential load was tracking. Could you share a little bit more sort of up to the minute report out of C&I as well?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Yes, we continue to see C&I below. Again, in July, we saw residential higher than last year's July, by 6.5%. But we still saw the drops in commercial and industrial compared to last year in the magnitude of the low-double digits, and that led to – overall, we were about 1.5% below last year's July. So, that was boosted by the residential, obviously. We had projected to be about 5% below last July, all in. But we were better than that primarily driven by residential. So, we still saw a decline in commercial and industrial from last year. Industrial is climbing out of things. They're starting operations. As I mentioned, three-quarters of the larger customers are back in operations, some of them not fully at 100%, but they're working their way there. Smaller commercial's hurting a bit more. But overall, we're still tracking better than what we had initially forecasted, and we'll keep an eye on it month by month.
Jonathan Arnold - Vertical Research Partners: So, those down 13% to 15% (00:47:51) numbers you gave us for Q2 are a little bit more low-double digit toward the end of the – beyond the end of the quarter, effectively, but still double digits kind of comp.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: I think that's correct. I don't have the C&I in front of me here specifically, but they're obviously pulling down from the residential being up. So, I suspect they're still down a fair amount. But again, the larger C&I are coming up. And overall, it's less of a negative impact than we had seen again in July as we saw in the second quarter. We'll keep an eye on it. We're projecting improvement particularly in the fourth quarter. So, we'll see how the second wave impacts the economy as we go forward.
Jonathan Arnold - Vertical Research Partners: Great. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you, Jonathan.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore IS.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore ISI: Hey. Good morning, Lynn. Thank you for taking the question. Just maybe just where Jonathan left it off, this is small, but your last communication was lower of the 2020 guidance and now you're saying in the lower half. So, am I right in assuming that you're trending higher than perhaps you were a few weeks ago? Am I sort of understanding that correctly?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: That's correct. That's correct. So, it's really built on the success of the cost savings we've been able to generate rapidly as well as the strength that we saw in the month of July, not only on whether-normal volumes, but on weather, because you may recall, Durgesh, we had a very mild winter weather that was dragging us early in the year. And we've seen some moderations of that weather impact on hot summer.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore ISI: Understood. Super helpful. And then just broad strokes, Lynn, and I appreciate more detail on the CapEx plan to come, but broad strokes, as you think about you sort of filling the ACP CapEx hole, if you will, fair to assume that the timing of that and recovery of that CapEx, specifically slide 12, that is backend-loaded of the five-year plan?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: I would think of it maybe ratably, because as we think about the incremental LDC investment, we'll get started as soon as we can and we'll work towards completing it. So, I would think of it kind of ratable, perhaps beginning as early as 2021. On the Florida solar investments, we are in front of the commission actually today. We reached a settlement August 4 with OPC on that, and we will begin introducing that investment as soon as possible after commission approval. And then I would also think about incremental investments in the grid, whether in the Carolinas or other jurisdictions being ratable as well.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore ISI: Got it. So, ratable broadly speaking for the five-year period. Understood. Thank you so much, guys. Thanks for taking the questions.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, I would like to turn the call back to Lynn Good for any additional or closing remarks.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Well, thank you, and I appreciate everyone's interest and participation today. We look forward to further discussions with you. And as always, the IR team is available for any clarification following today's call. So, thanks again for joining us.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, once again, this concludes today's call, and we thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-12 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Duke Energy First Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. And at this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Bryan Buckler, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Bryan Buckler: Thank you, Derek. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Duke Energy's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Review and Business Update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking information within the meaning of the securities laws. Actual results could differ materials from such forward looking statements and those factors are outlined here in and disposed in Duke energy's SEC filings. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in today's materials and on Duke energy.com. Please note the appendix for today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures. As summarized on Slide 4, here in today's call, Lynn will provide an update on our response to COVID-19. She will also discuss progress on our strategic initiatives and the company's long-term outlook. Steve will then provide an overview of our first quarter financial results and share an update on key regulatory activities. We will also provide insights into our economic and growth outlook before closing with key investor considerations. With that, let me turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Bryan, thank you, and good morning everyone. Let me open our call today by focusing first on our response to COVID-19, I know it is top of mind for all of you. First and foremost, our talks are with those who have been personally affected. I also want to express my heartfelt thanks to the healthcare and government workers, as well as those working countless hours to support for frontline professionals. This pandemic has their barriers that has permeated the globe, our country and the states in which we operate. It's altered our day to day lives from how we interact, the way we operate and serve our customers. But despite these dynamic conditions, Duke Energy and its employees have risen to the challenge, continuing to provide reliable service to our nearly 24 million electric and gas customers. The safety of our communities, customers and employees is our top priority and we took a number of steps to protect them. In March, we shifted nearly 18,000 team mates to remote operations. For team mates in critical roles who could not work remotely we deployed the best available personal protection equipment and create disinfecting between shifts initiated split operations, between primary and alternate locations to limit exposure, plus additional restrictions on those accessing our facilities and implemented social distancing policies. These new safety protocols were particularly important during spring storm restoration and generation outages. So far, our teams have completed three nuclear outages and more than 30 fossil hydrogeneration outages, all while maintaining focus on safety and delivering on time and on budget. And in mid April, our transmission and distribution teams quickly responded to more than 900,000 outages across the Midwest and the Carolinas after severe thunderstorms and tornadoes. But Duke Energy’s response is on well beyond supporting our internal team. We were one of the first utilities in the country to suspend service disconnections for nonpayment and waive late payment and other fees for our customers. In addition, we donated approximately $6 million from the Duke Energy Foundation to fund relief efforts across our jurisdictions and provided critical PPE to several community organizations within our territory. We also accelerated the flow back of fuel adjustments and over collections in Florida, resulting in a 20% reduction in residential bills in May. And we are working directly with our commercial and industrial customers to provide a system with payment options for those most impacted by current economic conditions. Our employees have been steadfast in ensuring our communities have power as they also respond and adapt to these changing times. The collective work of the healthcare and government professionals, as well as utility and other essential workers demonstrates the power of working together to serve our communities. Now let me take a moment to walk you through Slide 6 that summarizes where our company stands financially during these uncertain economic times. Today, we announced first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.14 in line with our expectations but reflecting milder weather compared to normal and storm costs this winter totaling approximately $0.15 per share. We began to take cost mitigation actions in February as we saw the impact of the mild winter, and we are building on those actions to address COVID-19. Our communities are experiencing a slowdown and we are beginning to see the impact of electric load in our jurisdictions. In a few minutes, Steve will share more on these customer load trends focusing on the month of April, and range of potential load trends over the balance of 2020. We are presently projecting $0.25 to $0.35 reduction in revenue from COVID-19, which is consistent with stay at home policies for midsummer and a gradual economic recovery beginning in the third quarter and continuing over the balance of the year. In response to the pandemic and in recognition of mild weather entering the year, we are executing on a series of cost saving initiatives, totaling approximately $350 million to $450 million or $0.35 to $0.45 per share. We’re also keeping our regulators informed about the specific thoughts we are incurring related to COVID-19. For example, a potential increase in bad debt expense, and we'll seek recovery of these costs at the appropriate time. Taking these measures into consideration, we are affirming our 2020 adjusted earnings per share guidance range of 5.05 to 5.45. We will continue to update you as we move forward. It's important to recognize that we are only two months into this event. We are and we will continue planning for a range of outcomes and we will know more if the economies that we serve reopen. The third quarter, which is our most significant one is also still ahead of us. Over the long term, we maintain our confidence in the strength of the communities we serve and in our ability to deliver on the $56 billion infrastructure investment plan, it is critical to our customers and communities. I will speak more to our business fundamentals in a moment. Turning to Slide 7, we remain committed to our long-term vision and value creation for our communities and our shareholders. We're putting our five year $56 billion capital plan to work as we generate cleaner energy, modernizing strength in the energy grid and expand natural gas infrastructure. Since announcing this updated plan in February, we've made progress advancing these goals. Last September, we announced our comprehensive plans to address carbon across our footprint, reaching at least 50% reduction by 2030 and net zero by 2050. Our updated climate and sustainability reports issued in April provide more clarity and detail around the measures we're taking to achieve these milestones, including doubling our renewables portfolio over the next five years. Our climate report outlines our plans over the longer term to retire more coal, further expand renewables, energy storage and natural gas. We also emphasize the importance of research and development, focused on those following carbon free resources. We believe these new technologies are essential to reach our net zero goal by 2050, and plan to share more updates in this area when we host our ESG day later this year. On the grid in April we filed our 10 year $6 billion Florida storm protection plan. These investments will generate meaningful customer benefits by enhancing reliability while reducing restoration costs and outage times associated with extreme weather events. Further, details on the progress we're making in these areas are outlined on the slide. Before I close, let me touch on the Atlantic Coast pipeline. You can reference a status summary on Slide 18 in the appendix. We expect a decision from the Supreme Court regarding the Appalachian Trail crossing in the coming weeks. We're also awaiting the biological opinion and incidental take statement from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife service as their detailed analysis continues to ensure that a durable permit is issued. We expect the agency to reissue the permit in mid 2020, and to-date have not seen any significant delays in the progress of the work from COVID-19. Successful resolution of both of these items will be important to reach our construction. Importantly, ACP has finalized revised commercial term with the major pipeline off takers balancing value to customers and fair returns to project owners. Finally, we are also monitoring developments on the nationwide Permit 12. The recent decision related to the Keystone pipeline by the district court in Montana has potential implications to ACP. Just yesterday, the judge amended his April 16th ruling limiting the new oil and gas pipeline projects. He also denied a stay pending appeal. We're evaluating this ruling and the impact it will have on the existing timing and cost of the project. Assuming the issue is resolved in a timely manner and we can take advantage of the November through March pre-selling season, we believe ACP can maintaining existing schedule and cost estimates. We remain committed to this important infrastructure project and the economic benefits we expect to it will drive for our communities in the Carolinas, and we'll continue to update you as progress is made. As I reflect on our long-term strategy, I'm confident in our industry priorities. They continue to deliver value, capitalizing the complementary nature of our electric and gas franchises to meet our customers’ growing and evolving energy needs. Looking ahead and in the context of the uncertain economic environment in our country, we will be thoughtful in the pace at which we deploy capital, balancing affordability for our customers with value creation for our investors. Turning to Slide 8, even in the midst of the economic impact of the stay home orders, the fundamentals of our business remain strong. Importantly, our employees’ commitment to our customers and communities shine through during the hardest of time as we generate and deliver reliable increasingly clean energy across our service territory. There are several distinguishing factors that make our company an ideal long-term investment for shareholders. First, our size and scale and diversity of operations is unmatched, allowing us to deliver consistent short-term returns and long-term investment opportunities. Furthermore, we operate in constructive regulatory jurisdictions that oversee our operations in arguably the most attractive communities on the East Coast. And our five year $56 billion plan to address an cleaner energy grid improvement and other infrastructure that’s critical to the customers and communities we serve, and will create meaningful shareholder value for many years to come. These are the strong business fundamentals that give us confidence to deliver on our long-term earnings growth rate of 4% to 6%. And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Young: Thanks, Lynn and good morning, everyone. I'll start with a brief discussion on our quarterly results, highlighting a few of the key variances for the prior year. For more detailed information on various drivers and a reconciliation of reported to adjusted results, please refer to the supporting materials on the company today's press release and presentation. As shown on Slide 9, our first quarter reported earnings per share were $1.24 and our adjusted earnings per share were $1.14. This is compared to reported and adjusted earnings per share of $1.24 last year. The difference between reported and adjusted earnings was due to the partial settlement in the DEC North Carolina rate case permitting recovery of 2018 severance costs. Within the segment, the electric utilities and infrastructure was down $0.06 compared to the prior year. We saw the expected benefits from base rate increases in South Carolina and Florida, and higher rider revenues in the Midwest, along with forecasted regulatory lag in North Carolina. However, these fundamental improvements in our segment results were offset by mild winter weather along with severe storms that impacted much of the Carolina. Shifting to gas utilities and infrastructure results were $0.03 higher, driven primarily by new retail rates in North Carolina and higher margins at the LDC. These items were partially offset by the one-time income tax adjustment related to ACP, which favorably impacted the prior period results. In our commercial renewable segment, results were up $0.06 for the quarter. The increase was primarily due to ongoing benefits from projects brought online in 2019, as well as favorable wind resource and pricing this year. Finally, other was down $0.12 for the quarter, principally due to planned costs of borrowings and lower investment returns and non-qualified benefit plans causing an approximate $0.06 year over year difference. The returns on these planned assets especially rebounded for the month of April. Overall, our first quarter financial results were not materially affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Aside from the unseasonable weather and related storm costs, the first quarter was consistent with our internal plan. Given the software weather, we began planning mitigation actions in February and further enhanced and accelerated those plans upon the full onset of COVID-19, which I'll describe in detail in a few moments. Turning the Slide 10, we continue to execute on a regulatory agenda. As Lynn mentioned, we recently filed our storm protection plan in Florida that provides much needed storm hardening in the state. We also have modernized regulatory mechanisms for investments in both Florida and Ohio that are providing timely recovery of our investments in clean generation and a more modernized grid. We currently have three rate cases underway Our Duke Energy Indiana case continues as planned. The hearings were held in January and the record is now closed, and we expect you order around midyear, the Duke Energy Carolinas and Duke Energy progress. The written pre-hearing record is substantially closed. In the DEC case, we reached a partial settlement for storm costs, allowing us to pursue securitization, as well as other adjustments. The hearings for both cases have been delayed. We continue to work with all stakeholders to identify options to safely and efficiently conduct the hearings, and we expect to revise procedural schedule to be released in the coming weeks. Just last week we filed with the commission a proposal to combine the hearings of the two cases in July, which is supported by the public staff. If this procedural schedule is approved, it will help to limit the delay in obtaining the general rate case orders. A slight delay in the decisions for both of the North Carolina cases is not expected to have a significant impact on our 2020 financial plan, and the commission has a variety of mechanisms that they can implement to help balance the interests of customers and shareholders. With regard to COVID-19 and expected impacts across our jurisdiction, we’re attracting the financial effects on our utilities, including elevated bad debt expense and late fees for customers. This is an extraordinary time that has and will continue to require our utilities to incur costs on behalf of our customers and the employees we operate our business. Similar to what others are doing across the country, we'll work with our regulators to identify the best solution to recover these costs, to support the ongoing financial health of our utilities, while also recognizing the unique needs of our customers during this unprecedented time. Shifting now to our response to the COVID pandemic, Slide 11 highlights the well timed steps we've taken to bolster our liquidity and financial strength to position us to manage through a variety of potential outcomes. As of April 30, we have a strong available liquidity position of $8.2 billion, which provides the company valuable flexibility as we plan our remaining capital markets transactions in 2020. In addition, provisions within the recently enacted Cares Act provide meaningful cash benefits in 2020 by accelerating our remaining AMT credits of approximately $285 million into the current year. This additional cash benefit will help to mitigate lower revenues and give us added confidence in our ability to deliver our consolidated credit metric targets for the year. Finally, our 2020 capital and financing plans remains on track. We will closely monitor the capital markets and strategically time our issuances to achieve the best outcomes possible for both our customers and shareholders. Moving to Slide 12, in addition to our large size and scale, our retail customer mix is diverse anchored by our growing residential customer front. The south east remains a very attractive part of the company that continues to experience strong growth with new residential customers at a rate of approximately 1.7% year-over-year. With the recent sale and policies volumes in our residential customer class have been strong, particularly in Florida and we expect this trend to continue into the summer cooling season. The higher residential volumes provide a partial offset to declines in the commercial and industrial classes. Within commercial much of the service sector has been closed or limited operations, including schools and universities, bars and restaurants and other retail establishments. Certain sectors within commercial remain resilient, such as data centers and hospitals that continue to provide frontline services to fight against the pandemic. The temporary closures and curtailments of certain industrial customers are beginning to give away the plans to restart production as states in our service territories are relaxing stay at home policies and workers are preparing to come back to work gradually. Turning to Slide 13. As we compare build sales in April to the prior year, we're able to see how the full stay at home policies have impacted retail electric volumes across each of our customer classes. Commercial and industrial usage was down 10% and 13% respectively for the month. But as expected, the higher margin residential class was up 6%. Overall, retail sales were down 5% and these results are slightly favorable to our revised forecast for the month. As a reminder, the earning sensitivities do vary across retail customer classes and we've included those here for you. Looking ahead, we expect the 3% to 5% decline in total retail volumes for full year. We are forecasting the deepest declines in volumes compared to 2019 in both the second and third quarter with a gradual economic recovery beginning in the latter half of the third quarter and extending beyond the end of the year. With these forecasted ranges and on a weather normalized basis, we are forecasting a full year 2020 negative EPS impact of $0.25 to $0.35. As our communities are beginning measured reopenings, we're hearing from a large number of our industrial customers that they are planning to increase their level of operations in the mid to late May timeframe. At the same time, we expect higher residential volumes until stay at home policies are fully relaxed. Moving now to Slide 14, we've activated several initiatives to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19. Our annual non-rider O&M budget is nearly 5 billion, providing us with formidable lever to address revenue headwind. As I mentioned, we began our mitigation plans in February and have greatly expanded those efforts with the COVID-19 onset. Over the past five years, we have demonstrated a core competency in managing our O&M, absorbing increases for inflation as well as nearly 300 million of O&M associated with the Piedmont acquisition. We have also demonstrated the ability to strategically manage cost between years, taking advantage of strong earnings in some years to strengthened periods when expected costs rise. Based on the tremendous focus and commitment of our teammates, we are confident we can reduce our O&M and other expenses by approximately $350 million to $450 million in 2020. Our target is not merely inspirational but it's underscored with discrete actions for which we have had clear line of sight and are already taking action. For example, as our generating assets are expected to run less during the year, we are optimizing the timing and strength of our 2020 planned outages. In addition, we are aggressively managing all expenses, including our contract labor, overtime, nonessential projects and a broad range of discretionary spending. We are also suspending external hire, while sharing existing resources in a virtual manner in order to optimize labor costs. Let me clear, we are highly confident in our ability to deliver on this goal with $350 million to $450 million of 2020 cost reductions. Although, we are still early in the year, based on the forecast of a gradual economic recovery beginning this summer and the significant cost mitigation actions that we have put into motion, we are affirming our 2020 targets of delivery within our original earnings per share guidance range. Finally, we understand the value of the dividend to our investors. Approximately 40% of our retail investors and many of whom count on our dividend as a source of income during these uncertain times. 2020 marks the 94th consecutive year of paying a quarterly cash dividend. Throughout the past nine decades, including during the financial crisis to 2008 and 2009, we have protected our quarterly cash dividend. Our excellent businesses that operate in some of the best jurisdictions in the country give us confidence to continue paying and growing the dividend consistent with our long-term target payout ratio of 65% to 75%. Before we open it up for questions, let me turn to Slide 15. Our attractive dividend coupled with our long-term earnings growth from investments in our regulated utilities provided compelling risk adjusted return for shareholders. As a company, we're well positioned and confident our vibrant and growing communities will resume strong economic growth as we emerge from this pandemic. With that, we will open the line for your question.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: So the mitigation plan that was announced, how much of the $0.35 to $0.45 is sort of cemented and if COVID is more protracted in the current 3% to 5% low degradation. Do you have incremental levers? And I do have a quick follow up.
Lynn Good: It's all start and Steve you can add. We have definitive plans for the $0.35 to $0.45 as well as upside potential. And I think at some point, depending on how this economic downturn plays out, we would continue to be more aggressively, not only the cost categories we've identified but really within a broader context of transformation. And this is where we'd be more aggressive around corporate center, around outsourcing, real estate footprint, digital tools, early plant retirement, just a variety of things and that work is already underway. So this is something that I'm particularly proud of is we've demonstrated the ability to understand our thoughts and cost drivers significantly over the last five years. We've also put infrastructure in place to drive transformation and the plans are underway for a range of economic outcomes.
Shahriar Pourreza: And then just focusing on the element side of the 350 million to 450 million in mitigation plan. Can you touch on how much of this could be ongoing or perpetual in nature as you sort of think about the shaping of your O&M profile post 2020?
Lynn Good: I would say, there will be elements of the cost reductions that are sustainable, and there will be elements that move with timing. So an example would be when you put a hiring freeze in play, we will enter 2021 with a lower headcount than we would have originally projected. And then we will begin bringing skills in at the appropriate time in case depending on the needs of the business. I think outages, because we're running our assets less, we've been able to defer some of those but we'll be thoughtful about maintaining assets that are important to customers and feather those back in as needed. We're also spending a lot of time on what we've learned around remote work, and the activities underway from COVID-19. And I believe there will be permanent savings from the way we are using resources. And we're trying to get our hands around quantification of that as we look at remote work policies and we look at our real estate footprint. And you can expect to hear more about that as we think about 2021 and beyond. Steve, would you add to that?
Steve Young: I think Lynn hit it very well. I'm very confident that we're learning a lot through this pandemic about how to work remotely and how to use technology tools that we didn't really realize what we had. That will serve us well as we go forward. We’ll couple that with digital capabilities that our business transformation center is utilizing and data analytics. I think we will be able to -- we have found a new avenue a new path of another body of efficiencies through what we're learning through this COVID-19 pandemic.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd: I wanted to touch this first on ACP. And I think we expect and I think many expect that you will be victorious at the Supreme Court. From there, I guess I'm thinking about the Montana litigation and potential impact in terms of decision to restart the project or ability to restart the project. I think there's a chance there that that litigation could be fairly extensive. How does that factor into sort of the decision making around restarting work on ACP?
Lynn Good: Stephen, this is an important consideration. And as I said in the remarks, assuming that we can get this resolved to hit the preselling season we’ll be in position to move forward, maintaining cost and schedule. Given the fact that that really happened yesterday, we’re catching at for the very early time in our evaluation. We would expect the Army Corps and DoJ to appeal, and we'll be monitoring that closely as I know others will be in the industry and other infrastructure companies and we’ll of course learn more from the Army Corps and DoJ to go forward. So it's something to keep on the radar screen and we'll continue to monitor and update as we learn more.
Stephen Byrd: And so it is clearly relevant such as you're thinking about the overall plan for the project…
Lynn Good: Yes, it’s return from it.
Stephen Byrd: And then maybe just a quick one on the credit statistics that you Steve that you’ve laid out kind of your pretty clear path. I maybe sort of overthinking or just looking at the discussion here, in terms of the 15% FFO to debt level that you're targeting versus sort of the 15% to 16% level. Would you mind just touching again on dialog with rating agencies? Your overall sort of sense for where you want to be over the next several years in terms of your FFO to debt?
Steve Young: Well, our targeted range for credit ratings is to have FFO in the 15% to 16% range. We’ve taken steps to make that happen in our plan and in the past we have good dialog with the rating agencies. Moody's reaffirmed our rating, S&P pulled the entire sector onto a negative outlook. And everybody's looking at the impacts of this pandemic. So we'll continue that dialog. We're seeing some erosion in top line revenues and that affects FFO, but you can see the mitigation impacts that we have put in place that moves in the opposite direction. So we'll continue the dialog. We'll continue to work to meet our financial plans, both earnings and on the credit side. And a couple of things that are unique to us. We've got these AMT credits that accelerated monetization helps us quite a bit here. We're also taking advantage of deferring of a corporate portion of payroll taxes that's about $100 million cash flow benefit. Our pension plans are in good shape in terms of funding and so forth. And we're not a cash tax payer until 2027 in any significant way. So we've got some solid strength in our balance sheet that help us. And then the continued regulatory activity of getting recovery of costs is essential there. So we'll continue that dialog with the rating agencies, and we'll keep them abreast of what's moving forward.
Stephen Byrd: And just lastly, if I could, just on the O&M cost control impressive results in terms of being able to cut costs. And it's an interesting point about sort of some of the learnings that you're engaged in. When you think about sort of the EPS growth guidance in the longer term that you've laid out in the trajectory. Is there a potential that some of these learnings that could last and be beneficial, could that have a meaningful benefit in terms of as you think about your overall trajectory? Or is it a little too early to say. How are you thinking about what you've been able to learn here?
Lynn Good: Stephen, I think O&M agility and the ability to lower cost structure is a tailwind to growth, because it puts us in a great position to deploy capital without raising price to customers. And so, I do think about it as something that's important to the long-term growth of the company.
Stephen Byrd: And it sounds like at least the portion of these cost savings are things that could be more permanent in nature and be beneficial longer term, whereas others things like outage timing are more transitory in nature, so it sounds like it's a mix of the two.
Lynn Good: I think that's right Stephen. But I think it's important that you're hearing from us that lowering our cost structure is not only a core competency of ours but a strong objective. And we think particularly in the time we've got economic uncertainty to move early and aggressively is a smart thing to do, and that's how we are positioning ourselves in 2020 and also for 2021 and beyond.
Steve Young: And we are learning techniques to utilize our workforce much more efficiently in this situation. We can virtually shift engineers within functions. We have shifted financial people from budgeting to accounting to audit services, IT people to different functions, the virtual capabilities as we learn more about them, are going to help us utilize our workforce more efficiently. And I think that's going to provide longer term savings capabilities.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolf Research LLC.
Steve Fleishman: So just could you, if you don't mind, just remind us kind of the North Carolina rate cases, when you expect outcomes and just if that does get delayed further. How much do we have to worry about the timing of that exactly in terms of your range for this year?
Lynn Good: So Steve we made a filing maybe a week ago, two days ago suggesting or recommending the consolidation of the two cases in the Carolinas supported by public staff, setting hearing in July of this year. And so we think the commission will give that look close consideration that will put us close to the timing we’d originally planned. So we feel like we've got some flexibility within our financial plan for 2020 on that timing. I also think it's fair to say that there are tools with these cases, whether it's deferrals, accounting orders get back of deferred income taxes, interim rates, a variety of tools that could be used to support the health of the utility. And we'll be evaluating all of those considerations as we go and those tools, many of those tools are available to the commission as you know.
Steve Fleishman: And any updated thoughts on whether you have control likely potential to settle those cases or expect them to be fully litigated to the end?
Lynn Good: Steve, we've entered into a settlement on a handful of items in the DEC case we'll do have similar discussions on DET. And between now and July, we'll continue to keep lines of communication open with the parties to see if there are other opportunities. I think this is an important time as you recognize customers, of course working through the economic downturn but the health of the utilities are also extraordinarily important. And I'm not sure that there's another time when the essential nature of our services and underscored more than this. And so, we'll continue to have discussions, it's hard to forecast whether or not we'll get to any further settlement at this point but we'll keep you posted.
Steve Fleishman: And then lastly, I think you mentioned that there's been the initial meeting and the North Carolina energy plan, or I think the initial meetings there. Could you just give color on where that stands and when we might start seeing any outcomes from that?
Lynn Good: There have been two stakeholder work streams seen in 2021 focused on climate policy. So this is a group of stakeholders focused on retirement of coal, CO2 markets, clean energy standard. And they have continued to meet even remotely talking about these various items. We would expect a draft report from those discussions in the second quarter, public draft for third quarter and then a recommendation going to the governor by the end of the year. You may recall that the objective is to get to at least 70% carbon reduction by 2030, and it's actually greenhouse gas is not carbon. And so there are some alignment around base years and other things going on to figure out exactly how to do accounting. We're comfortable with this objective, as you know from our climate strategy where at least 50% by 2030. So, that stream of work is very engaged. They've also been to meetings on a stakeholder process focused on modernized regulations, performance based rate making and other tools. The discussion is early I would say just I think there was one meeting in person, one remote meeting. The objectives there are trying to find ways that carbon reduction can be incented, distributed energy resources. And so that is moving at perhaps a slightly slower pace but good discussion and dialog there as well. So I think on both of these, we'll have more feedback as the year progresses and determine whether or not there's any specific push coming out of either of these processes for legislation in 2021.
Operator: We will next go to Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold: Just a quick question on the guidance reaffirmation and the cost savings versus the pressure you see on plan. So is it reasonable to assume that where you're sitting today if those things play out as you've outlined, recognizing there's a lot of variability that you would be sort of solidly in the range or kind of holding in at the low end, or just any other color you can give us there?
Lynn Good: We built a plan and are executing a plan that matches the COVID-19 expectation, as well as the first quarter weaker weather, which really gives us an opportunity to land solidly within the range. And as we've talked about, we have a track record of being able to manage O&M in this fashion and we have a high degree of confidence that we can do that. But we also recognize we're only a couple of months into this. The third quarter is still ahead of us. There are wide range of assumptions on how the economy is going to play out or states are just beginning to reopen. We have the milestones around Atlantic Coast pipeline that we've talked about with the decision and also the biological opinion. So we'll continue to update on all of these things as the year progresses. But the actions that we've put into place right now are designed to place us solidly within the range.
Jonathan Arnold: And just one of the things, you talked about keeping regulators informed on incremental costs. Could you just sort of -- are you actually deferring certain items? And just where are you on to the deferrals and potentially orders out of commissions allowing you to do that?
Lynn Good: For the first quarter, Jonathan, minimal impact, because we were just sort of starting into this process and the various policies with customers. But we are reporting and tracking all of these costs to our various commissions and we will begin to see filings around deferrals or accounting orders and other things. I think, Ohio and Indiana are already underway. And as we get more of that feedback going then we will reflect appropriate accounting entries at the right time. Steve, how would you add?
Steve Young: We're preparing filings in the Midwest in Ohio and Indiana. We are tracking costs in all of our jurisdictions. And at the appropriate time, we'll make various filings and work with our regulators on appropriate deferrals. Nothing's being deferred at this point but applications are getting prepared, tracking is moving forward and we'll continue to look at this and see what makes the most sense.
Jonathan Arnold: And how have you kind of treated that in guidance, I guess?
Lynn Good: So Jonathan, we're assuming that we will get appropriate treatment of incremental costs. And I'm focusing on things like bad debt expense. The timing of when that occurs in terms of cash collections will depend on the jurisdictions. But for incremental costs, we are assuming that we'll get appropriate regulatory treatment.
Jonathan Arnold: And then can I just [Multiple Speakers] have a topic. The recent executive order about not sourcing equipment from adversary nations. Do you have any initial thoughts at a high level on how this might impact your ability to execute plan on grid, for example? Just any color. And I realize it has to be defined but it seems to be [Multiple Speakers].
Lynn Good: We're closely following, Jonathan. I think the spirit of it is to address cyber risk, which is something we strongly support. There was a similar executive order issued formerly few years ago for the telecom industry and so we will factor in as we learn more. These plans into our investment plan. But as you know, making investments in T&D, intended to address cyber and physical risk as well as renewables and customer programs, all of that is squarely within our strategic investment plan. So we will adjust it as we learn more and applaud focus on cyber risk and around the bulk power system.
Steve Young: And I would add that we have a broad supplier base across our footprint. As you said, Jonathan, there's more to learn as specifically being targeted here. But we look at our vendor base and try to diversify as much as possible so we can move in different directions if necessary.
Operator: We'll next go to Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So I know you addressed this in part, but I want to come back to it a little bit. How are you thinking about the sustainability of the cost cuts beyond the current period? Obviously, it's a dramatic number so it's not necessarily expected. But how do you think about the cadence of that against the need for perhaps evolving rate case timeline? And even within that number that you talked about this year as a follow up question. How are you thinking about that complementing your cost cutting efforts to mitigate impacts from coal ash, if that makes sense as well?
Lynn Good: So I'll take a stab and Steve you can build on it. We had developed a plan to match what we see as COVID risk as well as mild weather. So you've got economic downturn as well as weak start to the year, and we've identified from a range of things operations, corporate center, employee expenses, hiring freeze, contractor contingent workers, over time variable compensation, a variety of tools that we will use to go after that. As I commented a moment ago, the fact that we're only a couple of months into this and learning about the reopening and learning about what might unfold over the balance of the year, we are also looking at each of those cost categories for potential upsizing of them, as well as moving into what I would call more transformative changes where we might look at real estate and early retirement of certain assets and so on. So there's a lot of planning going on because the future is uncertain. As I look at that range of costs, some of them will be sustainable. I’m not prepared to give you a percentage or a specific number on that. But I do believe that some of them will be sustainable. The example I gave a moment ago, you know, hiring freeze is going to put us into 2021 with a smaller workforce. And we will monitor as we go how to convert to a sustainable lower cost structure if we find ourselves in a longer downturn. I think as you talk about things like coal ash, you’re talking about regulatory risk, and the rate case outcomes and how that will factor in. We have a range of assumptions in our financial plan as we think about rate cases, and that is always part of our thinking in developing the size of mitigating actions. And so I won't point to a specific item on that, but I will say anytime you put a financial plan together, you're evaluating range of outcomes. We feel strongly that recovery of coal ash costs and recovery of returns is important. We believe it's important for any health of a balance sheet and we think about cost of this nature, and we will be prepared to strongly defend that when we're on the band later this summer.
Steve Young: And I might add Julien that as we think about our regulatory cadences, the ability to generate these O&M efficiencies is a very useful tool here. It gives us headroom to make needed capital investments on behalf of our customers, as Lynn alluded to earlier, and minimize any rate impacts to customers. So this capital optimization around our O&M optimization in sync with the regulatory cadence is a very important part of what we're trying to put together. And we've got flexibility in the capital plan. So we can move that capital around to fit under O&M efficiencies to help our shareholders and our customers. So those are the types of dynamics we're trying to put together across our footprint.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And can I just follow up very briefly here. How you think about the shaping here by quarter of the cost cuts and how they manifest themselves, relative I suppose to the reduction in loans. It sounds like you were rapidly able to identify these cost cuts, such that as you think about 2Q and 3Q et cetera. And then Lynn if you can clarify, you specifically said that you did not yet elect, for instance, voluntary retirement programs as part of this $400 million number?
Lynn Good: There is no assumption of a voluntary retirement program in the numbers, Julien.
Steve Young: And then on the saving, Julien, look most of it to be in the second half of the year. A lot of all generation outage work will be in the fall generation season as our headcount freeze kicks in that kind of builds during the year we had budgeted increases in workforce. We'll certainly see some in each quarter of the rest of the year but specifically do the generation outage work that will be a bit more in the second half of the year.
Operator: We'll go next go to Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: A couple of quick ones on CapEx and O&M, so as part of the grid hardening plan that you just filed. Is that already reflected in the five year CapEx plan, I think it is but just trying to confirm that?
Lynn Good: So Michael, we updated in February about 1.5 billion into Florida, Florida five year plan and that is consistent with what we filed in the grid hardening plan. We will see incremental capital beyond the five years, because this is the 10-year plan and we’ll provide those updates as the years progress.
Steve Young: Our February capital plan was increased 12% and the Florida grid mark was a significant part of the increase.
Michael Weinstein: And just to beat a dead horse on the O&M reduction. Is there a ballpark estimate that you could give us for how much is deferral into the plant maintenance and how much is more permanent 25% of this more permanent, maybe 50% permanent?
Lynn Good: Michael, at this point, I don't have a range to share with you. I think that's been a topic of interest. And as we go into the second quarter and begin our more earnest planning for 2021, I think we'll be in a better position to talk about that. But our objective will be to make it much sustainable as we can in this environment but I don't have a specific on deferral versus the sustainable.
Steve Young: And I think we want to look at how the assets operate and think about their performance under the revised operations and so forth, and where we're headed and that will impact it as well.
Michael Weinstein: And related question, Steve you mentioned the idea that you have headroom for lower O&M, more capital improvements. Do you see the opportunity to convert some of these OpEx cuts and once the crisis is over and for higher rate base and CapEx growth plan?
Steve Young: Well, we certainly always look at putting our financial plan together, keeping in mind impacts on customer rates. And so to the extend you can reduce O&M costs that does give you that headroom there. We have a robust data set of capital opportunities, we turn capital away each year when we go through our budgeting process. So doing our scope and scale the breadth of our grid we have plenty of opportunities to do those kind of things.
Michael Weinstein: And also since the progress rate case is still has a record that's still open, is it possible to incorporate some of these further cost deferrals and recovery mechanisms or anything else you’re thinking about that to incorporate that into that space?
Lynn Good: So Michael, we're looking at the appropriate way to handle the Carolinas in light of the fact that the case have yet to get to hearing. I don't have anything specific to share on that plan right now, but we are reporting the costs to the North Carolina commission and to the state and to South Carolina and we'll make the appropriate filings and incorporate in the rate case if that makes sense or handle in whatever way make sense, just too early on that one.
Operator: And we'll next go to Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Tonet: I just want to come to the O&M side with a slightly different angle at that, if I recall, it seems like spending on such vegetation management was accelerated in 4Q ‘19. So just trying to think through how much cost savings is kind of banked last year that could be used against this year? And was any of that contingency kind of already utilized in the first quarter?
Steve Young: In 2019, our agility programs worked in the other direction. We have a favorable year and we accelerated some useful expenses into 2019. We have veg managements is one area where we had about $0.04 that we pulled into 2019, as I recall, that was baked into our plans and our forecast and so forth. And the ability to do those kind of things is very useful to us. That's already baked into the numbers that you're seeing at this point. But that helps us achieve and get into our range that dexterity between calendar years.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our time for questions and answers. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ms. Lynn Good for any additional or closing remarks.
Lynn Good: Well, thank you, Derek, and thanks to all who joined today for your interest and investment in Duke energy. And I just want to take this opportunity to thank the employees at Duke Energy, I'm extraordinarily proud of the work that underway, the new safety protocols to do the business as usual but also to serve our customers well. And the commitment of the leadership team and our employees to excellence for the customers and then maintaining financial health for our company is truly extraordinary. So, thanks to the Duke Energy employee and thanks to all of you for joining today.
Operator: Thank you. And again that does conclude today's call. We do thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-13 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Duke Energy Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. And at this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Bryan Buckler, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Bryan Buckler: Great. Thank you, Derek. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Duke Energy's Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Review and Business Update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President, and CFO.  Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking information. Slide 2 presents our safe harbor statement.  A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in today's materials and on duke-energy.com. Please note the appendix for today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures.  With that, let me turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Bryan, thank you, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced 2019 adjusted earnings per share of $5.06, representing 7% growth over last year and solidly within the 4% to 6% earnings guidance range from the 2017 base year. 2019 also marked our 93rd consecutive year paying a quarterly dividend to our shareholders. We recognize that consistent growth in earnings and dividends are important to our investors, and we are delivering. I'm very proud of our employees' commitment and hard work throughout the year. We achieved these financial results while maintaining our focus on the customer. Our reliability statistics improved by 15% and our internal customer satisfaction metrics improved 25%, a clear indication that we are enhancing the customer experience.  The foundation of outstanding service territories and ample low-risk investment opportunities to benefit our customers gives us great confidence in the strength of our business into 2020 and beyond. We have introduced a guidance range of $5.05 to $5.45, with a midpoint of $5.25, reflecting solid 5% growth into 2020. We have also expanded our EPS growth target of 4% to 6% through 2024, built on an expanded capital program.  Slide 4 outlines the drivers and opportunities for expanding infrastructure in our jurisdictions. Our service territories are thriving. The Carolinas and Florida lead the East Coast and population growth, driving strong economies and energy infrastructure needs.  GDP growth projections for those areas as well as Nashville, Tennessee also exceeds the national average. To meet the needs of our customers in these regions, we have a $56 billion capital plan over the next five years, 90% of which will be deployed in our regulated electric and gas LDC businesses and drive earnings based growth from transparent low-risk investments. Compared to our previous plan, the new plan represents a 12% increase and a projected $6 billion increase in our earnings base by 2024.  These capital investments represent an excellent foundation to expand our 4% to 6% growth rate through 2024. Steve will provide more detail on the five year capital plan in a minute. We are proud of the work we do to power the lives of our customers. We support the health and prosperity of the communities we serve, not only through investments in our infrastructure but also through our work in the economic development, community leadership and foundation given.  We also recognize the importance of maintaining competitive electric and gas rates. And are pleased that our rates are well below the national average, driven by top quartile O&M performance and a diverse generation mix. The strong and growing jurisdictions we serve at Duke Energy set us apart, and we will continue investing in our grid and clear generation bringing our customers the affordable and reliable service they expect from us.  Moving to Slide 5. Our focus remains unchanged and is grounded in our vision to lead the way to cleaner, smarter energy solutions that our customers value. We place our customers at the center of everything we do. And our vision guides our actions and our investments. We believe a customer-focused strategy will also deliver superior returns to our investors over time. The strategy is rightfully underpinned by 2 foundational elements: first, excellence in operations, which we demand of ourselves and our communities require; and secondly, excellence in stakeholder engagement.  2019 marked another year of strong results in our operations and important progress in stakeholder engagement. I wanted to share a few examples of our important work with stakeholders in 2019. We reached an important settlement with the North Carolina Department of Environmental quality and key community groups on closure plans for our remaining coal ash sites in the state. This milestone agreement clarifies the methodology and time frame to address all ash in the basins and enables us to move forward as we transition to cleaner generation.  We believe it is a reasonable and constructive approach that protects communities and the environment, both saving our customers over $1 billion in cost. In addition, in North Carolina, we successfully advocated for storm securitization legislation, which became law in November and reached constructive outcomes in our Piedmont rate cases in both North and South Carolina. We also announced our comprehensive plan to reduce carbon emissions, targeting at least a 50% reduction by 2030 and net-zero emissions by 2050.  Our updated goals are supported by our announced plans to extend the operating licenses for all of our nuclear units. These units, which will be vital to meeting our carbon goals, achieved a capacity factor above 90% for the 21st consecutive year. We understand the importance of accelerating the path to zero carbon and look forward to working with stakeholders in each of our states to turn these goals into reality. As we turn to Slide 6, delivering superior returns to our investors drives us and is the commitment of our team at Duke Energy.  Increasingly, our investors are also looking at our results on environment, social responsibility and governance matters. We're very proud of our track record here and consistent with our vision are committed to lead. From establishing industry-leading carbon reduction goals to announcing more than 1,500 megawatts of new wind and solar projects in 2019, we're making significant progress. Last year alone, we further reduced carbon emissions an additional 8% from 2005 levels, bringing our total decrease to 39%. Additionally, our broad array of energy efficiency programs in the Carolinas have created significant savings for our customers, well ahead of national averages for these types of programs while further reducing our carbon footprint.  Duke Energy is also committed to social responsibility, sound governance, and transparent disclosures. We issued our first climate report analyzing the two degree scenario in 2018 and plan to issue an updated report this year. Our ESG ratings reflect our work over more than a decade on sustainability initiatives, and our ratings continue to increase. Many of our investors have an interest in ESG topics, and we understand the importance of achieving excellence in these areas as we move into the next decade. We will be hosting an ESG Investor Day in May. And I'm excited to update all of you on the impressive work we're doing with Duke Energy.  Let me close on Slide 7. Looking beyond our 5-year plan as the strength of our business and our future investment opportunities. We see great potential in the 3 investment priorities we've shared with you over the last few years. Modernizing the energy grid, generating cleaner energy and expanding natural gas infrastructure. Duke Energy's T&D grid across our regulated footprint represents the largest system in the nation, with more than 300,000 line miles of infrastructure. In support of our long-term strategy, we will continue to advance modernization and improvement projects to enable renewables, protected in storms and security trucks and serve the rapidly growing populations in our service areas.  The transition to cleaner generation also provides a multi-decade investment opportunity. Our 2030 commitment to reduce carbon emissions by at least 50% includes offering our existing carbon-free resources, retiring certain less-efficient plants and investing in renewables and natural gas infrastructure. As an example, the appetite for utility-scale solar in Florida continues to rise, and we expect to bring more than 1,750 megawatts online through 2030. In the Carolinas and the Midwest, significant investments will be needed as we transition these fleets away from coal-fired generation.  Our LDC business will also continue to produce opportunities for investment in natural gas infrastructure. We see tremendous value creation from our Piedmont and Midwest gas utilities, which are expected to grow net income at a 12% CAGR through 2024. Population and economic growth in the Southeast, coupled with the important role of natural gas in transforming our generation mix will drive incremental investment opportunities for years to come. The Atlantic Coast Pipeline also represents important infrastructure for our customers in the Carolinas. We have included Slide 17 in the appendix to provide an update on the permit status and financial considerations around the pipeline.  We continue to work towards securing the required permits for the project as we await the Supreme Court's decision on the Appalachian Trail crossing, customer arena, balancing value to customers and a fair return for the project owners. Our expectation is that we will have a more comprehensive update on ACP midyear.  Investing in the grid, generating cleaner energy and expanding natural gas infrastructure are critical to the customers and communities we serve and will create meaningful shareholder value for the next decade and beyond. As I look ahead, I'm more confident than ever that we will deliver strong long-term returns to our shareholders and provide industry-leading service to our customers.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Steven Young: Thanks, Lynn, and good morning, everyone. 2019 was an outstanding year of execution for the company. As shown on Slide 8, our full year reported and adjusted earnings per share of $5.06 was above the midpoint of our original and revised 2019 guidance range.  This represents a 5% CAGR since our portfolio transition in 2017 and 7% earnings growth over 2018. During the third and fourth quarters, we recognized our exceptional year-to-date financial results and took the opportunity to reinvest in our business, deploying additional O&M dollars into customer service and funding charitable contributions to the Duke Energy Foundation. This agility positions the company well to deliver on our financial targets in 2020 and 2021, just as we did in 2017, 2018 and 2019. Our strong results were driven by clear growth across each of our operating segments. Electric Utilities and Infrastructure growth was approximately $0.25 per share and was anchored by our Florida operations, which benefited from the first year of the multiyear rate plan and solar investments.  We also saw solid growth in our Carolinas operations with strong rider revenues from our best-in-class energy efficiency programs and rate cases. These favorable drivers for the segment were partially offset by regulatory lag, primarily in the Carolinas.  Shifting to Gas Utilities and Infrastructure. We saw higher results in both our LDC businesses in the Atlantic Coast Pipeline. The gas LDCs continue to provide strong earnings, driven by customer additions, investments in integrity management and power generation infrastructure as well as a constructive outcome in the Piedmont's North Carolina rate case in the fourth quarter. Our commercial renewables business delivered approximately $200 million of income in 2019. Going forward, we expect this segment to continue delivering between $200 million and $250 million of net income per year over the 5-year plan.  Overall, Duke Energy delivered outstanding results in 2019, marking another year of achieving our financial commitments. The Duke portfolio, in place since late 2016, has consistently performed well and is positioned for 2020 and beyond.  Turning to Slide 9. As we look to 2020, we've announced our adjusted earnings per share guidance range of $5.05 to $5.45 with a $5.25 midpoint. This represents 5% growth over the midpoint of our original 2019 earnings per share guidance range of $5. We put together a strong financial plan for 2020, and our core utilities will continue to drive upwards earnings trajectory. For Electric Utilities and Infrastructure, growth will come from our critical investment programs. In Florida, similar to 2019, we expect very strong earnings contributions as we move into the second year of our multiyear rate plan. Results in Florida will be further supported by rapid deployment of solar generation. In the Carolinas, we will see full year contributions from the 2019 South Carolina rate cases and expect new retail rates to become effective in North Carolina in the third quarter of 2020.  Finally, in addition to the steady income growth that comes from our Midwest T&D infrastructure investments, we expect new rates for Duke Energy Indiana by midyear. We forecast long-term annual load growth in a 0.5% range and expect 2020 to be even stronger given recent encouraging signs with our industrial customers and the benefit of leap year. The most significant 2020 growth driver for Gas Utilities and Infrastructure will be the full year earnings impact of the Piedmont, North Carolina rate case, given new rates were effective in November 2019.  Our LDC businesses continue to experience increasing customer growth, driving year-over-year margin improvement. We're also heavily investing in integrity management programs across our footprint, recovering these important investments through annual rider mechanisms. In our Gas Midstream business, we expect higher AFUDC on Atlantic Coast Pipeline, with full construction activities beginning in the second half of the year. However, 2020's overall ACP results will be relatively flat, given 2019 benefited from a tax true up. In Commercial Renewables, we expect a slight uptick in results this year as wind production returns to normal and as our 60-megawatt Palmer solar project will now go into commercial operation in 2020. Otherwise, this segment's results will remain relatively consistent over the 5-year plan.  Slide 10 provides a view of our primary EPS growth drivers for 2021, many of which were similar to the 2020 drivers. Florida continues to be a major contributor of 2021 net income bolstered by the third year of the multiyear rate plan and our 700-megawatt solar investment program. We expect solid contributions from other core operations in the Carolinas and Midwest as we invest in needed infrastructure. Our LDC businesses will experience rapid growth as we deploy capital to serve new customers and increase the integrity of the existing system. And as I discussed during our November call, higher Atlantic Coast Pipeline earnings in 2021 will fully offset the dilution from the $2.5 billion equity forward that will be settled later this year.  Lastly, I'd like to point you to our appendix slides, which highlights Duke Energy's top quartile leadership and O&M cost per customer. But we are still early in our journey. Our industry-leading innovation centers hitting its stride by scaling digital capabilities, such as mobile tools for field workers, artificial intelligence usage, drones, and automation to transform our operations and back-office processes. We will continue to leverage these capabilities to drive efficiencies and productivity across the enterprise.  Turning to Slide 11. I'd like to reiterate some of the points Lynn shared earlier regarding the rapidly expanding infrastructure needs of our operations and communities. We have responded by increasing our 5-year capital plan by over $6 billion to benefit our customers and deliver value for shareholders. The vitality of our communities translates into long-term growth opportunities as we make significant investments and position our cities and communities to remain competitive for jobs and business development. In turn, our communities rely more than ever on our ability to attract low-cost capital to make these investments. Our unique investor growth proposition, coupled with a long history of constructive regulatory outcomes, provide the right balance to lead Duke Energy and its communities into the next chapter of our energy future.  The Florida Capital Plan is underscored by solar investments and grid improvements, including targeted undergrounding. Storm protection plan legislation supports the deployment and recovery of these grid investments, driving our increased capital. We expect to file our SPP plans in the first half of this year with the program taking effect in late 2021 or early '22. In the Carolinas, we see significant needs for T&D capacity and improvement projects to support the expansion of renewables as well as rapid population and economic growth. Turning to our Gas LDCs. Strong economic growth drives tremendous need for infrastructure investments, including our integrity management programs.  Further, as we transition to energy -- cleaner energy sources, we have dual-fuel capital projects at existing coal plants, which moves us closer to achieving our carbon reduction targets. This highlights the complementary nature of our Electric and Gas businesses.  Turning to Slide 12. Our ability to execute on our robust capital program is underpinned by our strengthened balance sheet and solid credit ratings, which are stable on both S&P and Moody's. We continue to expect to issue $500 million of equity per year through 2022 via the DRIP and ATM programs. And as we discussed last quarter, once ACP comes online, we will have the balance sheet flexibility to moderate or eliminate annual equity issues. As a reminder, we plan to settle the $2.5 billion equity forward related to last year's issuance in December 2020, resulting in minimal dilution this year.  Shifting to Slide 13. We understand the value of the dividend to our investors, over 40% of whom are retail shareholders. 2020 will mark the 94th consecutive year paying a quarterly cash dividend, and we remain a top-tier dividend yield investment.  We are committed to continue growing the dividend in the future and finished 2019 with a dividend payout ratio of 74%. As we have said previously, our objective is to reduce that payout ratio over time, more in line with peers, particularly given our robust capital plan. Over the near term, we will set our dividend growth to better position ourselves within a payout ratio range of 65% to 75%, trending to the lower end of this range over the 5-year period.  Before we open it up for questions, let me turn to Slide 14. Our attractive dividend yield coupled with earnings growth from investments in our regulated utilities provide a compelling risk-adjusted return for shareholders. We are positioned to deliver results for both customers and shareholders and are confident in the plan we have for 2020 and beyond.  With that, we'll open the line for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we'll first take Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. 
Shahriar Pourreza: So a big jump in CapEx and the rate base is obviously up $6 billion in 23. Can we talk a bit more on sort of the higher numbers and maybe even focusing on 23, especially in Florida, where I think you're expecting to file the formal GRCs later this year? I mean, i.e. base assumptions in the upcoming GRC versus the plan you kind of presented today? And could we see some further upside if the outcome is a little bit more constructive, especially if you've got support from sort of your healthy macro backdrop that you highlighted?
Lynn Good: Sure. Thank you for the question. We did layout in the slide deck the underlying investments around the $6 billion, $1.5 billion of it is in Florida, $4 billion in Carolinas and then we see incremental investment in our Gas LDCs of $1 billion. But I think to your point, the recent legislation in Florida represents a longer-term opportunity, and we see up to $5 billion over a decade or so of investment in that infrastructure. And as we move through the process of finalizing our existing multiyear plan and resetting that into the future, I do believe there will be ongoing potential for investment in Florida in a way that adds a lot of value to customers and investors.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And then just one, lastly on North Carolina coal ash. It's obviously kind of the fluid situation still. Is there any read-throughs to Dominion's recent notice of decision, which essentially extended the recovery period for their ash spend, but with no return on that spend prospectively? I mean assuming this is kind of applicable to you, can you kind of break this outcome down relative to your $8.5 billion total CCR costs if we sort of apply that same method -- methodology as we did with Dominion?
Lynn Good: Sure. Shahriar, the first point I would make on this, which I think is really important is the Dominion order did provide recovery of the costs. And that is a significant outcome, which we, of course, believe makes sense given its decommissioning of coal plants that have provided great value to our customers over generations. We have read the notice of decision, but I also think it's important to recognize that we have not yet seen the order. So we don't understand all of the elements, we don't understand the rationale. I think it's fair to say that this order will be specific to the facts and circumstances in this case. And although we'll learn from it, I'm not prepared to say how it will impact us directly.  But we will be presenting our case in the DEC case in March and DEP in May and hopefully have the opportunity to learn more from the order as we prepare to enter into those proceedings.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. But just a follow-up. But just given sort of your CapEx outlook and sort of how healthy it is. Is it fair to assume that you can absorb whatever outcome that does come about in that case, assuming there, for instance, isn’t a return on that spend?
Lynn Good: Shahriar, when we put together a 5-year plan, we do so assuming a range of outcomes. And so that would include amortization, that would include various assumptions around cost recovery. But I also want to emphasize that we believe a lack of return over an extended amortization period is detrimental to our balance sheet and the customers over the long term, and therefore, we believe these costs ought to earn a return. There is a cost of financing associated with anything that -- of this nature, and our cost of financing should be considered as part of cost of service. So we will be making those points as part of the case.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Perhaps just to follow-up on the Carolinas here, if you don't mind. First, possibilities here on just rate case settlement and just prospects on the timeline, if you will? And then related to that, obviously, you've laid out a pretty impressive updated outlook. How do you think about this tying into some of the updates moving in-flight in parallel at the state level on sort of the grid mod side of the equation, I think, in the DEQ side?
Lynn Good: On the first question, Julien, on settlement. We always explore opportunities for settlement in every case. I think when you think about the number of issues in any rate case, if we can get to resolution of any of them in advance, we'll certainly look to do that. We did that in the Carolina cases, you may recall the last time around, at least as it pertains to ROE and cap structure. So I can't forecast with certainty how that will occur or if it will occur, but we'll certainly explore those opportunities. On your second question around how it relates to each of the jurisdictions and capital. I'll take a shot at and maybe some clarity of the question would be helpful. Recently, if we hear…
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: With Carolinas, specifically.
Lynn Good: Sure. So we believe we've made the case soundly in all of our jurisdictions about the importance of the energy delivery system to be the backbone of the transition of renewable generation, storm hardening and the resiliency. We've had hurricane exposure in all of our southeastern jurisdictions over the last 4 years. And then cyber and physical security threats are something that are not unique to Duke Energy, but certainly important for our industry. So we feel like we've laid the groundwork for that. I think, Julien, we'll be involved in stakeholder meetings throughout 2020 in the Carolinas to further discussions around the clean energy plan. And as part of that, it will be not only advancement of how to achieve further carbon reduction but also further methods to modernize regulation, performance-based rate-making and other things that would fit quite nicely with our strategy around clean generation and good investment. So as the stakeholder processes progress in 2020 and into 2021, we'll look for opportunities to continue to pursue regulatory modernization that fits with these investments.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And then separately, if I could just follow-up on the higher level of rate base, how do you think about the financing? Just -- I know you guys did the equity last year. You haven't projected FFO to debt metric here, but I just want to try to tie that all back together when you think about the updated stable projection.
Steven Young: Sure. As I alluded to, we priced out the $2.5 billion of equity, we will settle that in late 2020. That plus the DRIP/ATM equity through 2022 are the equity needs that we see will finance the rest of our needs and refundings through a combination of holding company and operating company debt issuances. And we feel comfortable about that financing plan and maintaining the credit ratings.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Maybe just if I can rephrase that slightly, and you tell me if I'm not saying it right. The equity forward effectively pays for the incremental CapEx such that your metrics are largely unchanged. And then I know that there was previously a conversation around ACP and providing some buffer. Do you want to just reconcile the ACP conversation versus the CapEx plan prospectively? It sounds like you've effectively used incremental equity now to pay for the plan this year. But I just want to also make sure we've addressed the prior commentary about ACP outcomes?
Steven Young: Right. Let me give some clarity here. The incremental equity dealt with Atlantic Coast Pipeline and delays associated with that and the cash flows, that, therefore, delayed when we determine the project needed to go in 1 phase in 2022 as opposed to having cash flows coming in, in 2021. And that equity dealt with a number of ranges of outcomes with ACP, and it still does. The incremental CapEx spend that we got in the plan, we can deal with under that same amount of equity.  We've got other tools that we've utilized. We issued $1 billion of equity content securities in 2019 at very attractive rates. We have continued to find operational efficiencies through O&M that we described earlier that helps the balance sheet as well. We executed on the John Hancock transaction, and could envision dropping other assets into mechanisms like that, that provide some liquidity. So the equity -- the $2.5 billion equity has not been used up for the incremental CapEx. We can deal with it with the equity I described.
Operator: We will next go to Steve Fleishman with Wolf Research.
Steven Fleishman: So a couple of questions. First, just a technical one. The 2019, it looks like a lot of the deep versus your segment guidance came in the Gas Utilities and Infrastructure segment. Can you just explain what drove that?
Lynn Good: So we had a couple of things here, Steve, of course, strong results from capital deployment, rate case outcomes, et cetera, Atlantic Coast Pipeline is in there. And we also had a half adjustments on recognition of the way allowance for funds have been recorded on the pipeline which drove the LDC businesses as well. Steve, would you add to that?
Steven Young: Yes, I would say, looking at 2019, we had strong growth across all of our segments. You look at the Electric Utilities, we had a full year of the 2018 North Carolina rate cases. We had a partial year of the 2019 South Carolina rate cases. We saw Midwest grid continue to roll through. We had the Ohio rate case that added a few cents. Our energy efficiency rider, particularly in the Carolinas, added several cents. So we saw good, solid growth on the electric side. So I would add that.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. I'm just looking at Slide 21, where it just shows actual versus original assumptions? And it looks like Gas Utilities be by a lot. So that's why I'm curious...
Steven Young: In terms of the beat versus that [indiscernible]
Steven Fleishman: Yes. So that was -- okay. We can follow-up on that. It's just...
Steven Young: We saw growth in electric a bit and gas a bit more that pushed us above our target.
Lynn Good: Steve, the three things in Gas LDC, ACP and the tax adjustment around allowance for funds. Those are the three drivers.
Steven Young: Right.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then just on ACP, at a high level, in the unfortunate event that it somehow doesn't get done. How would you characterize the -- how to think about your 4% to 6%?
Lynn Good: Steve, I would characterize the 5-year period is having great flexibility. And by that, I mean the robust capital plan that we have outlined for the utilities, positions the utilities very solidly within a 4% to 6% guidance range. And that gives us confidence that those utilities are going to continue to grow and grow well. And we have demonstrated the growth in those utilities over several years. And hopefully, that gives you confidence as well in our ability to deliver.  I think on the Atlantic Coast Pipeline, we will work our way through it. As we spoke about a moment ago, we've taken the step of strengthening the balance sheet to absorb a range of options. We have flexibility with our capital plans to make adjustments, to put in a plan B if one is required to build gas infrastructure to meet the needs that ACP would have met. We also have the opportunity to expand or accelerate good investments in a number of our jurisdictions. And then the ongoing productivity and flexibility around O&M represents another lever that we have in addressing returns over a 5-year period.  We have demonstrated the ability to achieve reductions in flexibility in O&M across our diverse businesses, and we see further opportunities over the 5-year period. So we're committed to driving low-risk regulated growth in earnings and dividend, and we believe that we have the capability of doing that. But we will work our way through ACP, and I think 2020 is an important year to hit some of these milestones, and we'll update all along the way.
Steven Young: Steve, I just want to go -- to go back to your question, just to also let you know for 2019, we had a beat of our original target by $0.06, but I'd also want to highlight that we accelerated $0.04 of O&M from future years for foundation contributions. We also accelerated several cents for vedge management from future years in this particular calendar year. So we had a lot of optimization around 2019 as well. Absent those things, the beat would have been larger. So I just want to make it clear.
Steven Fleishman: Yes. That's great. And then one other just quick thing, that the $4 billion of incremental spending in the Carolinas, is it -- it sounds like it's mainly T&D spending. Just, is there any coal ash related spend of new plan in there? Or is that kind of past that period?
Steven Young: So there's no incremental coal ash spend in that number at all. It's a -- there's a comparable level to what we've had in the past.
Operator: We'll next go to Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd: Congrats on a constructive update. I wanted to talk about Florida a little bit. Solar economics continue to trend favorably, and you've highlighted Florida as one area of incremental growth. Over time, I guess, longer-term, if we continue to see solar costs drop, is there a fairly significant opportunity to make even bigger changes to your generation mix in the state? Or are there other reasons why that that wouldn't be the case of solar cost drop further?
Lynn Good: Stephen, I believe there are increasing opportunities, and we will watch those economics all along the way. And as I think back over even the last 2 to 3 years. Every time we set a forward forecast, it has increased and improved. And I think that will be the case into the 2020s.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. The number that you've laid out is essentially sort of -- I know you haven't specifically laid out the amount of solar you sort of put Florida together, but we'll be seeing a resource plan that you all layout in, I believe, in April in Florida, which could show further progress in terms of moving towards renewables. Is that fair to say?
Lynn Good: Yes. And at this point, we're forecasting 1,750 megawatts of solar, Stephen. And we'll continue to update that as we go. But I think to your point, as you think out over a decade, the bias is that number is going to go up.
Stephen Byrd: That's helpful. And then just lastly, going to -- start to hit on the financing needs, just wanted to kind of think through scenarios. In the unfortunate outcome, if it ends up that the Atlantic Coast Pipeline project is not able to move forward either because of the Supreme Court ruling or the biological opinion, how would that -- sort of that single impact sort of your overall equity needs? And in other words, is the sort of financing plan fairly flexible and you wouldn't envision incremental equity in that scenario? Or how do you think about that that sort of outcome?
Lynn Good: Stephen, I believe we've taken care of the range of outcomes on ACP with a $2.5 billion. The one thing in the financing plan that we would evaluate as we have the DRIP and ATM on through, I believe, 2022, with an idea that we potentially could moderate in '23 and '24 if ACP is on. We will evaluate whether or not the DRIP and ATM should be a part of the financing plan in all events for '23 and '24 depending on outcome. But I think that's the only thing I would point to is something that we'll have ongoing evaluation. But we feel like that we've put in front of you with the equity that we've issued and maintaining the DRIP through 2022 with this additional capital is a solid plan that will meet our credit metrics, our earnings guidance and absorb outcomes around ACP.
Operator: We will next go to Michael Weinstein with Crédit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: Can we talk a little bit about commercial renewables? And what the growth plan is for that going forward? You had some projects that pushed out to 2020. So you have a $240 million assumption for that year. And I think it's up $0.06. So that would imply about $0.19 for 2020. Is that sort of the new level going forward or is that going to grow beyond that? And how many megawatts is required to keep that up anyway?
Steven Young: Sure, Mike. We're looking at having commercial renewables contribute between $200 million and $250 million a year during the plan. It will depend on the timing of projects. But that's keeping pretty level -- pretty flat with the level that they got to in 2019. So we're not showing a lot of growth there. We did shift the Palmer solar project to 2020. That was another optimization move as we got late in the year.  That will help the 2020 earnings. But they'll be between $200 million and $250 million a year through our plan. We've got all of 2020 lined up and locked up, and we've got 60% of the net income over the 5-year period in hand as well. So a rough number that you think about is roughly landing 300 megawatts a year of projects to keep that going. And between the markets that we're in and the crispy programs in North Carolina and so forth, we think that's very attainable.
Michael Weinstein: Got it. And ACP, you've said that you don't expect any dilution from the prior forward. As a result of earnings, and particularly after the pipeline goes in service. And I'm just wondering is that as a result of higher rates on the pipeline going forward or is it -- are you banking on higher volumes through compression? Is there a lag period between the in-service period and the lack of dilution? Or is there -- like maybe a divet period in between there?
Lynn Good: So Mike, we have given you some financial considerations on Slide 17 on allowance for funds in '20 and then full year in-service in '22 and beyond, what you can expect in terms of the contribution of ACP. The dilution that we will experience in 2021 will be absorbed by incremental allowance for funds in that year while the project is still under construction. And so I would think about putting that equity into the plan in 2021. And then the combination of the utility results we've shared with you today as well as what we're sharing on ACP is the earnings platform with financing that you can expect over the 5-year period.
Michael Weinstein: One last question. Just to confirm, how much is -- or how much financing have you already committed to the project at this point? I think it's around $2 billion, including excluding AFUDC at this point?
Steven Young: Yes, the gross project costs are about $2 billion on our books now. We've got about $800 million or $900 million of construction financing against that.
Michael Weinstein: And would you expect that to pick up, I guess, once the Supreme Court rules or is that maybe before that at some point?
Lynn Good: I'm sorry, Mike, I couldn't hear that question.
Michael Weinstein: All right. Are we at a point with additional spending start to roll insignificantly? Is it going to be after the Supreme Court rules?
Lynn Good: So the gating item on construction is the biological opinion and the incidental take statement. So the restoration of the environmental impact study. So if you look again at Slide 17, we're forecasting that reissuance of the permit in the middle part of 2020. So you should think about construction as being in the latter -- restart of construction mean the latter half of 2020.
Operator: We'll next take Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank.
Andrew Weisel: So first question, a very impressive CapEx update. For '19 through '23, it looks like your spending is up roughly 15% or so. But when I look at the earnings-based outlook, the increase is more modest at around 5% depending on the year. Could you please help me reconcile those? And what are some of the offsets?
Steven Young: Yes, I think our rate base growth is at the 6% level over the period of time there. And CapEx may vary in terms of how it's loaded through the type of CapEx, but I'd have to look in more detail on that and the IR team can help you with that.
Lynn Good: Even if you look at the capital in the appendix that will give you a sense of the growth in each of the utilities. So on average, every utility is growing within the 4% to 6% range. Some are higher than that. And Gas, of course, is higher than that. But the combination, the average of all of the utilities together are at the 6% CAGR.
Andrew Weisel: Right. I understand that. I'm not talking about year-over-year growth. I'm talking about your new guidance versus the prior guidance. I should have been more clear.
Lynn Good: So we have laid out on Slide 11 kind of how this comes in. And I think we could spend some time with the IR team to give you some specifics on what it looks like in '20, '21, '22. I think the combination of that chart in the detail in the appendix, we'd be happy to walk you through.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. I'll follow up off-line. My next question is, can you talk a bit about the industrial demand. Obviously, it's -- you're not the only one seeing this, but it was pretty soft last year, fourth quarter, in particular. And then, I think, you mentioned the uplift in 2020 from the leap day, but maybe if you could just talk about adjusted expectations over the next few quarters?
Steven Young: Sure. 2019 was a rough year for the economy as a whole and that translated to our industry and lower kilowatt-hour sales. We saw that in many of our peers as well. The good news for us is that we see tremendous customer growth. We saw the best customer growth in 2019 we've seen in many years, particularly in the Carolinas and Florida. As we look forward, we'll see some of that customer growth translate into some favorable growth, we believe. We also think that there will be some rebound as we look at some of our industrial customers. A few have had some singular issues with outages, supply chain issues and so forth. So we think they may get some traction as we move forward in 2020 to help rebound off a bad year. Our overall growth expectation, load growth expectation is 0.5%. And there'll be years like 2018 that are very strong years followed by some years that are a little weaker, but we think that's a reasonable place to be over the 5-year period. We do expect to see some growth over '19 and 2020 as '19 was kind of a low year. And again, we're seeing some favorable indicators from some of our industrials in our service territories.
Lynn Good: Andrew, the only thing I would add to that is all of our jurisdictions continue to perform with GDPs above national average. The weakness we saw in industrial was largely driven by some of the uncertainties around tariffs that surface in 2019. But as Steve said, we are beginning to see some signs of rebound in the specific customer circumstances and hope for a stronger 2020.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, great. That's helpful. Then on the dividend, Steve, did I hear you say that you're targeting the low end of the 65% to 75% range in the outer years? Why would that be and why not the midpoint?
Steven Young: Well, that's just where it tracks based on the assumptions we put there. We'll certainly monitor that as we go forward. It's nice to have the flexibility to look at the dividend as it gets to the lower end of the range, but we have that flexibility. So we're not committing to anything on that, but it's nice to be tracking in that direction.
Lynn Good: And I think, Andrew, as we more solidly position the dividend within the payout range, our longer-term goal is to grow the dividend at the same pace of earnings. And this moderation we're experiencing here in the short-term will give us the flexibility to do that over the longer term.
Andrew Weisel: Got it. Very good. And then if I could squeeze one last one in here. The earned ROEs in the Carolinas, you're guiding to a modestly lower return in 2020 versus the past few years. Is that primarily related to last year's reduction in the allowed ROE? Are there other factors there? I know it's tough to discuss in the middle of rate cases, but any kind of directional commentary?
Steven Young: A couple of factors that come in, you -- as you build investment base for the upcoming rate case, you will incur some lag, as I referred to, and then you'll catch that up when you have a rate case. So some of those returns will move around depending upon rate case timing. And I think that's one of the factors to think about as well.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our time for questions and answers today. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Lynn Good for any additional or closing remarks.
Lynn Good: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining the call today. We're proud of our accomplishments in 2019 and believe that the company is well positioned not only to deliver industry-leading service to our customers but also results -- strong results for our shareholders in the years ahead. We look forward to seeing you at our ESG Investor Day in May and also look forward to any follow-up questions that you have, our IR team will be available. So thanks again for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. And again, that does conclude today's call. We thank you again for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-08 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Duke Energy Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. And at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Bryan Buckler, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Bryan Buckler: Thank you, Derek. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining Duke Energy's third quarter 2019 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chairman, President and CEO; along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide 2 presents the safe harbor statement, which accompanies our presentation materials. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on duke-energy.com and in today's materials. Please note, the appendix for today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures. As summarized on Slide 3, during today's call, Lynn will provide an update on the quarter and progress on our strategic initiatives. Steve will then provide an overview of third quarter financial results and insight about economic and load growth trends. He will also provide an update on our regulatory and financing activities this year before closing with key investor considerations. With that, let me turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Bryan, thank you and good morning everyone. Today we announced strong results for the quarter with adjusted earnings per share of $1.79 compared to $1.65 in the prior-year. This represents 7% growth through the first three quarters, giving us confidence that we will look to the rest of the year. We have narrowed our 2019 EPS guidance range to $4.95 to $5.15 raising the midpoint into the upper half of our original range. We also reaffirmed our long-term earnings growth rate of 4% to 6% through 2023 of the midpoint of our original 2019 guidance range. 2019 is proven to be a solid year of growth for Duke Energy as we transform the customer experience and deliver value for our shareholders. We continue executing our strategy, making significant investments in the energy grid, cleaner generation and natural gas infrastructure and the fundamentals of our business remain strong. Let me highlight several operational accomplishments in the quarter on Slide 4. First in early September, Hurricane Dorian, a historic Category 5 storm with an unpredictable path devastated the Bahamas before sweeping across the East Coast. Our thoughts remain with the people of the Bahamas as they continue the long journey to rebuild their communities and the days leading up to Dorian’s potential landfall are weather forecasts and models projected significant outages to our Florida and Carolinas service territories. In response, we mobilized nearly 8,000 resources in Florida and over 10,000 resources in the Carolinas as we braced for the storm. While Dorian’s track shifted, it caused nearly 300,000 outages in our service territories, our teams preparation, commitment to our customers and focus on our operational excellence enabled us to restore more than 95% of the outages within 24 hours. Also, our systems and employees performed well in the face of some of the hottest days on record in September and early October. Despite these temperatures, our fleet performed well and serves customers with the energy they demand. In the quarter, Duke Energy was named one of the top sustainable companies in North America by Dow Jones for the 14th consecutive year. This is a testament to our climate strategy, sustainable practices and ongoing investments and cleaner generation. In addition, Duke Energy received the U.S. Transparency award, which recognizes the quality and transparency of information the U.S. companies make available to investors. Duke Energy was awarded Best Corporate Disclosure for the utility industry. I'm proud of our employees and our operational execution during the quarter from storm preparation to industry recognitions, we continue to demonstrate the strength of our business and excel in our operations, which is fundamental to achieving our long-term strategy. Turning to Slide 5 in September, we announced a more aggressive comprehensive strategy to reduce carbon emissions. By 2030, we will cut carbon emissions by at least 50% from 2005 levels, and aspire to attain net zero carbon emissions by 2050. Our commitment for 2030 includes plant retirement, operating our existing carbon free resources, and investing in natural gas infrastructure, renewables and our energy delivery system. Our recent rate case filings in Indiana and the Carolinas are consistent with this accelerated approach. As we look beyond 2030, we will need additional tools to continue our progress. We will work actively to advocate for research and development of carbon-free dispatchable resources that includes longer-term energy storage, advanced nuclear technologies, carbon capture, and zero carbon fuels. We will also pursue second license renewal for all of our nuclear assets to maintain this low cost, carbon-free source of generation. The journey and timeline for achieving our targets will be different in each state. And we're committed to working with our regulators and other stakeholders to design the right path for our customers and communities. Making our energy system cleaner and more sustainable means, we must transform the way we operate. And we're facing that challenge head on. We've made great progress and our acceleration in this area will position the company to provide customers with a cleaner, smarter energy future. The investments shown on Slide 6 are also consistent with our climate strategy. Our Ashville combined cycle plan is on track to be completed by the end of the year. This plant is part of our $1.1 billion Western Carolinas modernization project that supports this growing region. Also in North Carolina the second renewable energy RFP under House Bill 589 launched in mid-October. The RFP seeks another 680 megawatts of solar projects, which would bring the total renewables under the program to almost 1,200 megawatts. We look forward to participating in this next phase of the process. As a reminder, in Florida, we will be installing 700 megawatts of solar by 2022 as part of our multi-year settlement agreement. Today, the Commission has improved the recovery of 344 megawatts under the solar base rate adjustment mechanisms. Focusing on our commercial renewables business, we had another impressive quarter. So far this year, we've announced over 1,500 megawatts of new wind and solar projects, including nearly 400 megawatts announced in the third quarter. Given our pipeline of investments, we have line of sight nearly all of our growth prospects for 2019 and 2020 and 70% over the five-year plan. Shifting to our gas business on Slide 7, let me update you on the status of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline. In early October, the U.S. Supreme Court accepted our petition to review the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals Appalachian Trail crossing decision. This is a very encouraging sign and provides the path forward to resolve this important issue. We expect the Supreme Court will schedule arguments for early next year, with a final decision no later than mid-2020. As a reminder, the Solicitor General has joined our appeal, and we are supported by a broad coalition of stakeholders including 16 State Attorneys General, we believe the law in fact are on our side and look forward to moving toward a final resolution. We also continue to work with project partners and the Fish and Wildlife Service on the biological opinion, an incidental take statement to resolve the issues identified by the Fourth Circuit. Based on early discussions, we now expect the permits to be issued in the first half of 2020. While this is later than previously anticipated, all parties are keenly focused on delivering reissue permits that are robust enough to minimize the potential for further appeal. This timing also aligns more closely with the expected Supreme Court decision providing more clarity before we pursue full construction activities. Given this timeline for the resolution of the Appalachian Trail Crossing and the biological opinion, we are no longer pursuing a phased approach, but are now planning for mechanical completion of the project in late 2021 with full-in service in the first half of 2022. On the customer front, the ACP project partners have advanced discussions on the project status and costs and we expect to reach an agreement in principle by the end of this year balancing price and project returns. We believe this pipeline remains the best option to meet our customers needs. We remain committed to the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and the significant benefits that will bring to our customers and our region. It will provide much needed natural gas to an underserved area of the Southeast and will allow us to retire coal units and replace them with cleaner burning natural gas fired plants to help meet our carbon reduction targets. In addition, it supports critical resiliency need for some of the country's most important military outposts. At the same time, as we execute on our $37 billion growth capital plan that underlies our 4% to 6% earnings growth rate, we have consistently stated our commitment to a strong balance sheet. Given ACP progress and clarity on important milestones, which includes the delay in project revenues until early to mid-2022, we are increasing the amount of equity in our plan. We plan to monitor market conditions and issue approximately $2.5 billion opportunistically by the end of 2020. This additional equity allows us to absorb a wide range of outcomes associated with ACP, while also offering greater financial flexibility to the company. For instance, after ACP comes online, we will have the ability to moderate our current assumptions of $500 million per year in DRIP and ATM issuances. Additionally, we see emerging infrastructure needs for our expansive energy delivery system, which may require incremental investments in which would drive additional growth beyond our existing $37 billion growth capital plan. We believe this issuance keeps us moving forward as we deliver value to our customers and results for our shareholders. We remain confident in our ability to achieve 4% to 6% earnings growth through 2023 given our healthy franchises and strong investment growth profile. Steve will discuss more details about our growth drivers in a moment. Circling back to ACP, I'm pleased with the progress we've made to advance this important infrastructure project. While this is a lengthy process we're committed to the project and its completion and we will continue to share details as we learn more. Moving to Slide 8, let me share a few updates about recent legislative developments. Earlier this week, Senate Bill 559 was enacted into law in North Carolina, enabling the Utilities Commission to approve storm costs securitization. This important mechanism will save customers 15% to 20% on storm costs and support our balance sheet. We’re pleased with the General Assembly's unanimous vote on securitization, and also the bipartisan support for other costs recovery mechanisms that we advocated for, such as multi-year rate plans and ROE band. While the final bill does not include these other provisions, Governor Cooper's Clean Energy Plan speaks to the potential for modernized recovery mechanisms for the State, we are encouraged that these important reforms are part of the broader energy policy dialog, and we will actively participate in the 2020 stakeholder engagement process related to the Clean Energy Plan. Changes to the regulatory construct are a vital part of achieving North Carolina's energy objectives in the long-term. We are focused on advancing modern mechanisms and the customer benefits they provide. In the near-term, our attention will be on the execution of frequent rate cases and pursuing solutions to reduce regulatory lag. Both are important to delivering customer benefits and meeting our earnings objectives. We have operated in North Carolina for more than a century providing our customers with safe and reliable power. The state is thriving with a strong economy and increasing demand for new energy infrastructure. As we look ahead, we share many of the state's objectives and will partner with stakeholders to develop innovative solutions and thoughtful energy policy. Energy policy discussions are also advancing in many of our other states and stakeholders are embracing the value of improving the grid. In Ohio, Health Bill 247 is progressing through the legislature. This bill would further grid modernization distributed generation and other investments to benefit customers. And in Florida, recently enacted legislation promotes grid hardening investment that will improve the resiliency of the grid against extreme weather events, while establishing rider recovery for the investments. The Florida Public Service Commission is finalizing rulemaking and we expect to file our storm protection plan in 2020. With over 300,000 line miles across our utilities, our transmission and distribution network is the largest in the nation, and the demands in our energy delivery system have never been greater. This requires significant capital investment to ensure our communities keep pace with the energy transformation occurring across the nation. We’re excited to work with stakeholders across all of our electric and gas service territories to ensure the pace and scale of our investments align with customer needs. Before turning it over to Steve, I want to reiterate our strong confidence in our long-term strategy and our continued ability to deliver on our commitments. We're taking necessary steps to maintain the strength of our balance sheet advocating for solutions across our jurisdictions and making progress as we advance our investment priorities to benefit our customers and shareholders. As we move into the fourth quarter, we look forward to closing out a very strong year. With that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steven Young: Thanks, Lynn and good morning, everyone. I'll start with quarterly results on Slide 9, including our adjusted earnings per share variances to the prior-year. For detailed information on variance drivers and a reconciliation of reported to adjusted results, please refer to the supporting materials that accompany today's press release and presentation. On a reported basis, 2019 third quarter earnings per share were $1.82 compared to a $1.51 last year. Third quarter 2019 adjusted earnings per share were $1.79 compared to $1.65 last year. The difference between 2019 reported and adjusted earnings was due to a reduction in an open impairment charge originally recorded in 2018. This benefit has been reflected as a special item and excluded from adjusted earnings. For the quarter, higher adjusted results compared to the prior-year were primarily due to growth from investments at the electric and gas utilities, favorable weather and lower O&M expenses. These items were partially offset by higher financing costs. Within the segments, electric utilities and infrastructure was up $0.25 compared to the prior-year. Higher results were driven by base rate increases across multiple utilities, more favorable weather and higher rider revenues, including recovery of our Midwest grid investments. O&M was also favorable in the quarter. During September, Hurricane Dorian impacted our Florida and Carolinas utilities. We estimate total cost for Hurricane Dorian as approximately $400 million, including $150 million in Florida. We deferred the majority of these costs and we request recovery through regulatory proceedings at DEP and DEF in the coming months. Similar to previous hurricane costs, such as Florence, a portion of the Dorian costs are not eligible for recovery. While Hurricane Dorian restoration costs impacted our quarterly results, we incurred higher costs in the third quarter of 2018 for a net favorable effect this quarter. We also continue to excel at controlling traditional O&M costs, exceeding our own targeted savings for the quarter. While we expect some of the O&M favorability to turn in the fourth quarter due to timing, it is clear our digital and efficiency efforts are producing real savings. I will speak more about our capabilities in this area in a moment. These positive drivers were partially offset by higher depreciation from a growing asset base and slightly lower retail volumes. Shifting to gas utilities and infrastructure, results were up $0.01 in the quarter, largely due to growth from our Midstream investments. While we did see growth in our LDC businesses from an increase in customers, we expect these businesses to have a strong earnings contribution in the fourth quarter due to seasonality. In commercial renewable, results were up $0.02 driven by favorable wind resource and growth from our new projects. The other segment was down $0.11 for the quarter, largely due to higher financing costs and timing of income tax expense recognition in the current year. We continue to expect our full-year 2019 adjusted effective tax rate to be between 12% and 14%. Finally, share dilution drove a $0.03 decline given we issued shares in December to settle last year's equity forward agreements. We are very pleased with our results so far this year delivering 7% growth on a year-to-date basis. This execution gives us confidence that we will achieve full-year results within our narrowed 2019 earnings per share guidance range of $4.95 to $5.15. Turning into Slide 10, we operate in jurisdictions with strong customer and business growth fueled by steady population migration. In the third quarter, we saw a pause in the volume growth we experienced in recent quarters, driven primarily by the industrial sector. On a rolling 12-month basis, weather normalized retail electric load growth was negative 0.5%. Within the residential class, we continue to experience outstanding customer growth in each of our territories with an overall increase of 1.6% in 2019. Company sponsored energy efficiency programs for which we are compensated have contributed to the decline in recent residential usage per customer. Residential results in the quarter were also likely impacted by Hurricane Dorian. These factors together resulted in relatively flat residential volumes for the rolling 12-month period. In the commercial class, sales were down 0.6% over the rolling 12-months. Results were impacted by greater adoption of our energy efficiency programs and Big Box retail closures. These were partially offset by an uptick in data center expansions and strength in the medical services segment. Finally, sales in our industrial class declined 1.3% on a rolling 12-month basis. Lower industrial volumes were driven by manufacturing contractions and the weakening global economy. A few singular industrial closings and manufacturing outages further influenced the rolling 12-month average. We believe these specific outliers will improve as we move forward. Overall, our strong customer growth attractive jurisdictions and business diversity up to mitigate broader macroeconomic headwinds. We expect to end the year flat to last year and recall this follows growth in 2018 of almost 1%, we’ll continue to monitor economic trends and impacts on our sales volumes and will provide updates on our February call. Turning to Slide 11, let me update you on our active regulatory calendar. We filed rate cases for DEC and DEP in North Carolina in September and October respectively. We are seeking recovery for investments in cleaner generation infrastructure, grid modernization projects and accelerated depreciation of certain coal units. We request also include recovery of coal ash remediation spend and deferred storm costs. Now that the storm securitization bill is law, we will seek to securitize the North Carolina portion of these costs, which will reduce the rate impact to our customers. Both cases proposed a 10.3% ROE and 53% equity component of the capital structure. Evidentiary hearings for the DEC case are set to begin in March 2020. We expect revised rates for both DEC and DEP to be effective in the third quarter 2020. Moving to Piedmont Natural Gas, we’re pleased with the outcome of the settlement in the North Carolina rate case which was approved on October 31. Under the agreement, Piedmont is allowed a 9.7% ROE and 52% equity capital structure. Piedmont also received approval of a 9.9% ROE and 55% equity capital structure in their recent South Carolina annual regulatory filing. Turning to our other utilities, we continue to work through rate case proceedings at Duke Energy Indiana and Duke Energy Kentucky with hearings expected in the first quarter of 2020 in both cases, we have a robust regulatory strategy that has enabled us to consistently secure recovery of investments we make on behalf of our customers. Our regulators understand the importance of the work we do to serve our communities while also maintaining healthy utilities in their regions. We will continue this important work as we close out 2019 and move into 2020. Shifting to Slide 12, our strategy is focused on delivering value to customers through investments, in clean energy, natural gas and grid infrastructure underscored by a $37 billion growth capital plan through 2023. As Lynn mentioned, and as we have previously emphasized, we are committed to maintaining the strength of our balance sheet and are taking proactive steps to ensure our credit metrics remain strong. With ACP’s projected revenues delayed until 2022, we intend to issue approximately $2.5 billion of equity by the end of 2020. This will align proceeds with the timing of ACP construction activities and help avoid unnecessary dilution in 2020. In 2021 and 2022, dilution will be offset by increased ACP earnings given we are no longer pursuing a phase-in approach, AFUDC will accrue on the entire balance until full commissioning occurs, providing an earnings uplift during construction. This additional equity strengthens the company's credit profile, provide sufficient balance sheet strength to absorb a wide range of outcomes associated with ACP. We continue to expect equity issuances of $500 million per year through 2022 via the DRIP and ATM programs for a total of approximately $4 billion of equity issuances over this three-year period, compared to our previous plans of $1.5 billion during this time period. However, after ACP comes on law, this additional equity will provide us the balance sheet flexibility to moderate or eliminate annual equity issuances, or deploy additional capital towards regulated investments. Let's turn to Slide 13 where I'd like to highlight approximately 5.5% growth we've seen in our core electric and gas segments this year, which includes financing costs at the holding company. This is on top of the adjusted 5.5% growth we saw for these businesses in 2018 versus 2017. These results have been driven by execution on our $37 billion growth capital plan and top notch O&M cost control efforts, highlighting the outstanding electric and gas service territories in which we operate and giving us great confidence as we look to 2020 and beyond. With that, let's move to Slide 14 to discuss primary growth drivers for next year. I'll start with 2020 drivers in the Electric Utilities segment. In Florida, we will continue to recover our grid investments through the second base rate increase in our multi-year rate plan. We also expect growth from additional solar projects we covered under the solar base rate adjustment mechanism. In the Carolinas, we have a full-year of benefit of the South Carolina rate increases that went into effect in June, we’ll have partial years contribution from the North Carolina rate cases filed this year as well as increased wholesale earnings due to improved pricing. In the Midwest, we’ll see the impacts of our Indiana and Kentucky rate cases and will continue to invest in transmission and distribution upgrades that are recovered under our rider programs. Shifting to the gas segment, we will see higher AFUDC earnings from ACP given we expect construction activities to resume in 2020, once key permits are reissued. The LDC business will see growth from Piedmont’s rate cases, customer additions and continued investments in integrity management and power generation infrastructure. Our commercial renewable segment will be largely flat to 2019. But as Lynn mentioned, we have line of sight substantially all our growth prospects for 2020 and 70% over the five-year plan. In addition to a long utility driven runway for investment, our demonstrated cost control capabilities will remain an important tool to achieve our growth objectives. Our track record of cost management has been outstanding. Since 2015, we have actually lowered non-recoverable O&M from $4.9 billion to $4.8 billion. This includes absorbing $300 million of O&M from the Piedmont acquisition in 2016 in addition to offsetting wage and salary increases in general inflation. In 2019, we continue to take advantage of our scope and scale by investing in digital capabilities and data analytics, which are creating sustainable cost savings. For example, we established an IDEA Lab earlier this year, we have nearly 400 people at this facility who are dedicated to developing digital applications and other solutions to benefit operations every day. In less than a year, they have put more than 20 applications into the field. We know these capabilities will serve us well over our long-term planning horizon. Beyond 2020, we expect dilution from the $2.5 billion equity issuance to occur beginning in 2021. This will be offset by increased eight ACP earnings. We are no longer pursuing a phase-in approach and therefore AFUDC will improve on the entire balance throughout the construction period, providing an earnings uplift in 2021 and 2022. Many of the drivers, I just described will also support earnings growth in 2021, such as the Florida multi-year rate plan and SOBRA investments. Full-year rate case impacts in North Carolina, Indiana and Kentucky, as well as continued grid investments in the Midwest utilities. Longer-term, we expect significant investment opportunity from storm hardening legislation and solar demand in Florida, the growing need for cleaner generation and energy delivery infrastructure in the Carolinas and new gas distribution infrastructure across our footprint. These drivers give us confidence in our 4% to 6% earnings per share growth rate through 2023. Consistent with our historical practice, we will provide 2020 earnings guidance and our growth prospects for future years during our February financial update. I'll close with Slide 15, we are having a fantastic 2019 is illustrated by another strong quarter. The fundamentals of our business remain strong as those are attractive investor value proposition that is founded upon our growing dividend which currently yields 4%. Coupled with earnings growth of 4% to 6% from transparent, low risk investments, we offer a compelling risk adjusted total shareholder return of 8% to 10%. Our scale constructive service areas and ability to execute make Duke Energy a solid long-term investment opportunity. With that, let's open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay, good morning guys.
Lynn Good: Hi, Shar.
Steven Young: Good morning.
Shahriar Pourreza: Just on the - couple questions here. On the equity that was just announced, curious on your thoughts on the timing, especially without knowing the viability of ACP. So can you run into a situation where you issue or commit to the equity and SCOTUS to further appeal somehow deal a blow to the project. Do you sort of need the equity if ACP is ultimately cancelled? And then I'm just curious on how Steve you're thinking about the method on the equity hybrid,  convertible, forwards?
Lynn Good: And Shar, I will take that. I think this has been a journey on this project, as you know. And we really looked at the progress made in this quarter that provided us some clarity on a couple of important milestones. So certainly SCOTUS taking the case was important for us to have greater confidence and getting over the trail. And then the fact that we've continued discussions on the biological opinion, discussions with our customers and contractors, all of that taken together, we concluded that targeting a single in-service date at the end of 2021 with completion, mechanical completion in 2021, full-completion in 2022 was the right approach, balancing customer benefits, construction efficiencies and all of those things and so as we reach those milestones, we thought looking at financing was also appropriate. And as we looked at financing, we did consider a range of outcomes on this project. We’re committed to completing the project. But I think the fact that we have had challenges along the way makes us clear eyed about evaluating the range of outcomes. We also believe this approach supports the $37 billion capital we're funding in the rest of our regulated business. And with getting the equity out there, we do have flexibility with our DRIP and ATM in the future, if circumstances indicate that we could moderate that and we have additional investments that we could put forward. So we thought it was appropriate in light of the events that occurred this quarter, Shar to de-risk our plan, get the balance sheet in good shape, move forward, as we have said on Atlantic Coast pipeline, and really feel like the plan itself is a solid one that represents good growth for investors.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. So with or without -- sorry, sorry, please go ahead.
Steven Young: I was just going to say regarding the mechanism, we've got plenty of time to do this equity. So there are as you mentioned, a number of tools out there we will be looking at that and seeing what makes the most sense for us, but nothing further beyond that at this point.
Shahriar Pourreza: So with our without ACP, the capital program, you have necessitates the needs for equity, with or without ACP, I think?
Lynn Good: Shar, what I would say is we have already invested almost $2 billion in ACP. And we are continuing to advance the project in light of the developments that have occurred. And so this equity is really to strengthen the balance sheet through that construction period, also supporting the capital growth. And we do have ability to the DRIP, DRIP and ATM to moderate if we think that makes sense in the future. But we were -- we thought it was appropriate to look at financing and de-risk the balance Sheet at this stage in light of the progress that we've made.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And then just lastly on Senate Bill 559, obviously as you highlighted, it’s signed into law but it was obviously missing the key piece of the proposal around multi-year planning, ROE band, et cetera. Curious on why this was removed, especially given the Governor's kind of Clean Energy Plan, which was submitted earlier this year and included the possibilities of these mechanisms. So he obviously understands the importance. So I'm curious why that ultimately was removed. And I have to envision the stakeholder process in the Governor's Clean Energy Plan is going to be much more involved. So if you can give us a little bit of a sense on timing, that would be great.
Lynn Good: Appreciate that, Shar. And I think the fact that the Clean Energy Plan gives recognition to regulatory modernization is a good thing. But the clean energy plan also includes carbon reductions of up to 70%, of greenhouse gas emission reductions up to 70% also talks about retirement of uneconomic coal plant, grid support for clean energy. So it does bring in a number of other topics. And I think the spirit of the stakeholder process will be to address not only the modernized regulatory construct, but some of these other items. And as we look at the plan, in light of our climate strategy, we see a great deal of alignment on how we would like to go forward and believe will be an important part of delivering the solutions that the Governor lays out in the clean energy plan.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Thanks guys. I'll jump back in. Thank you so much.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Shar.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Michael Weinstein: Hi Lynn and Steve.
Lynn Good: Hi Michael.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Hey can you eliminate further on reasons for delays at U.S. Fish and Wildlife into the first half of 2020, do this and does the move away from a phase-in approach simply mean that there's just no appetite among off takers for that Phase 1 alternative that had been discussed previously?
Lynn Good: Let me take that in two parts, Michael. So the discussions are underway with Fish and Wildlife. We are taking a look at all of the feedback from the Fourth Circuit evaluating next step. There's been extensive work done as you know, additional surveys of the Bumblebee and the Clubshell Mussel and the intent of all of the parties is to address those concerns in a way that reduces any additional risks associated with remand from that permit. So we believe it could be issued ss early as wintertime, we keep our eye on that tree-clearing window as you know, to try to get trees cleared if we can before the 1st of March. But given our timeline with the Appalachian Trail, we can also accommodate slipping a little further in 2020. I think in terms of the phased-in approach, we have continued discussion throughout this project with customers and also monitoring all of the developments that have occurred, including these permit challenges, et cetera and the greatest value for our customers is the complete project because they're trying to get to that supply basin, and also infrastructure diversity and to the Eastern part of the state. And so that single project is where our customers see the greatest value. And I also believe with our timing that the construction efficiencies of building it in a single phase also make a great deal of sense. So we've got some alignment, and with that movement to revenue in 2022, that was a driver as well as we thought about our financing plan.
Michael Weinstein: Got you. And one last one, has there been any change to the approximate 2% dividend growth expectation? I know you have a commitment to dividend growth. But just wondering if this equity issuance makes any change to that?
Lynn Good: Michael, we will reevaluate in connection with guidance in February. But I think that's a reasonable planning assumption for now. We see that as an opportunity and a way for us to moderate our payout ratio to be more in line with our industry peers. And the combination of all these things puts us in a very strong position to execute our growth plans.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, thank you very much.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll next go to the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Good morning.
Steven Young: Good morning.
Lynn Good: Good morning.
Greg Gordon: Congrats on having a really strong year this year.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Greg.
Greg Gordon: As it pertains to ACP, with the phased-in, with the lack of a phased-in approach, you would be booking the full AFUDC rate until the project goes into service, so I can see how that has an accretive effect to earnings in 2021 and sort of as an offset to the increased share count. But when it goes into service and you start collecting the actual cash revenues based on the current contract rate, given that the project is coming in at $7.5 billion when the initial service costs was estimated to be in the mid-5s, not that you're alone, there's lots of pipes that are having this issue, shouldn't the return on the pipe unless you're able to negotiate some pass-through of those cost overruns go, that the cash earnings will be lower than the AFUDC rate unless you were able to get contract relief. Is that the right assumption?
Lynn Good: Greg, I think it's important to recognize that we had been in conversations with customers all along the way on the status of the project and also the cost. And we do expect to reach an agreement in principle by the end of this year that provides the right balance between customer price and returns. So we have said a number of times that the actual executed return on this project will be a regulated like return and we believe that continues to be a fair planning assumption. I think the AFUDC rate is higher about 14%. But we believe the in-service rate will be a very good regulated return.
Greg Gordon: Okay, so you believe you'll be able to negotiate a balanced outcome where the aftertax ROE on the pipe on the current, on the new construction cost will look like a good regulated return?
Lynn Good: I think it's -- it'll be a balanced outcome. And Greg, the business case for this pipe has remained unchanged. If I look at it from the perspective of Duke Energy, the need for additional firm transport into the Carolinas is unchanged and increasing as time continues. And so this pipe in its entirety represents an extraordinary opportunity for us to position the Southeast for decades to come and our customers recognize that and the same as the case in Virginia and that Eastern part of Virginia. So I think what often gets overlooked is that there's a fundamental need for this pipe because of the demand in the region.
Greg Gordon: No doubt about that. Thank you, Lynn.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we will next go to Christopher Turnure with JPMorgan.
Christopher Turnure: Good morning, Lynn and Steve.
Lynn Good: Good morning.
Steven Young: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Turnure: Obviously, the markets are doing well and utilities are doing well in terms of stock price performance. I'm wondering if part of your plans included evaluating asset sales in lieu of doing equity. And then, I guess, tied to that question, is part of your decision to do this size of equity tied to the strong market performance?
Lynn Good: Yes, Chris, it's a good question. And from our history, we have monetized assets over time, including as recently as a joint venture partner into our commercial renewables business. So we have evaluated that. We believe that our portfolio, we like our portfolio, it's delivering value, it's growing, we have great investment opportunities. So our intent is to pursue this equity need through a security through the markets as opposed to an asset disposition. And so we'll evaluate the timing opportunistically as Steve mentioned, and believe that’s going to position the company well for growth in the future.
Christopher Turnure: Okay. And then is it fair on the equity issuance to assume that the full amount of the $2-plus billion would hit your share count by the end of next year through cost infrastructure or others?
Steven Young: Yes, that’s correct.
Lynn Good: Yes, that’s fair planning assumption.
Christopher Turnure: Okay. And then, Lynn, you started to address this in a prior question, but just the Governor's plan in North Carolina, kind of what it means for the future, seems like it's a good thing for you guys and your ability to invest in the state and further the goals there. But is there any more detail that you can provide us on next steps and your efforts to get lower regulatory lag and more visibility into your regulatory recovery?
Lynn Good: Sure. And I guess I’ll take that in two ways. Chris, on regulatory lag, we have that assignment regardless of what happens to the clean energy plan and we’ll accomplish through deferrals, through capital optimization, through timing our rate case as well and you can expect us to continue to focus on that very keenly. But as it pertains to the clean energy plan, early discussions are already underway. The Department of Environmental Quality in the state is overseeing this process, we would expect stakeholder workshop to kick-off even as early as the end of this year, but continuing into 2020. And there were probably a half dozen stakeholder processes during the course of 2019 in preparation for the issuance of the plan. So it's already building some momentum. And as you noted, and as I said, we see a lot of alignment between our climate strategy and what the Governor is trying to accomplish. And I've looked at where we are in North Carolina with over 30% reduction in carbon emissions already close to 35%. Our IRP plan puts us between 50% and 55% already by 2030. North Carolina is second in the nation in installed solar capacity, over 50% of the energy comes from carbon free sources. We're looking to second license renewal on nuclear. So there are a number of strategic things that I think line up well with us and so we’ll be very interested in continuing that discussion in 2020 with the clean energy plan stakeholder process.
Christopher Turnure: Okay. Is there a point in time at which those stakeholder discussions move to the Utility Commission? Or is that kind of too far out to tell?
Lynn Good: I think it’s too far out to tell. Chris, I do think just getting back to part of it. So we have in front of the commission right now accelerated retirements of coal in connection with our rate case. So we'll have an opportunity to advance that discussion. It's consistent with the clean energy plan over the course of our rate case, and you can expect to see testimony along those lines. So there will be advances consistent with that plan during 2020. I will of course keep you informed about the stakeholder process as it unfolds.
Christopher Turnure: Okay, great. Thanks Lynn.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman: Yes, hey good morning, Lynn.
Lynn Good: Hi Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Hi, so just could you just remind us the commercial renewables business, just given the increase projects you've had there, how much you're going to end-up investing in that business, roughly this year and maybe next year?
Lynn Good: Steve will take that.
StevenYoung: Yes, Steve. I think will be in the range of $1 billion this year. It'll be lesser amounts as we go forward, still in line with the five-year plan of roughly $2.5 billion investments or about $1 billion this year.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, okay and then switching back to kind of the news today on the equity and the like, so just maybe trying to ignore the exact timing by year but just overall if we still have ACP coming on, which was in the before. But there is now $2.5 billion of additional equity. Can you just maybe better explain how that still keep you in the same growth like what else is an offset? Is it just better performance in some of the other businesses?
Lynn Good: Steve, I think we should take that kind of break that down a little bit. So let's talk about the construction period of ACP. We have moved away from the phased-in approach with a plan now for the project to go into mechanical completion in 2021, full-in service in 2022. So with this change, we will be accruing allowance for funds for a longer period of time on the full project than what we had previously considered, where we were putting part of the 60% or so of the project in service at the end of 2020 and then the rest in service at the end of 2021. So that gives us additional earnings during the construction period, that will offset dilution from the equity. And then as we go post in-service, we are working actively with customers, as I said a moment ago to reach agreement, we believe in principle by the end of the year to find a balance between construction costs and returns on the project that would be consistent with revenues that would come into service in 2022. And then I think Steve, kind of outlined on Slide 14 of the deck, a very comprehensive set of drivers that are driving growth in the regulated businesses and I believe we have consistently delivered within our growth range on the regulated businesses and we see even more potential with the Florida legislation, with the Ohio legislation, with the clean energy plan being outlined in the Carolinas. And so as we come to the Street in February, we’ll be giving you some more visibility and where we see additional growth. And we think the combination of all of these things give us confidence that we can remain within the range of 4% to 6% of our planning period.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, I think I got it, thank you.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll next go to Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Praful Mehta: Thanks so much, hi guys.
Lynn Good: Good morning.
Praful Mehta: Good morning. So maybe coming back to the equity but looking at it more from the credit side, it seems like there's a little bit of surprise around the need of equity. And it seems to be stemming more from a credit pressure that you're seeing potentially from the agencies, you had a sale earlier in the year. Now you're doing more equity, even despite sounds like where ACP goes from a timing perspective. So just wanted to understand, so we have a better kind of framework. What is the credit situation right now? What are the rating agencies saying? I mean, is there like a minimum threshold you're trying to hit, just so we get, what's driving the fundamental equity need?
Lynn Good: And Praful, I'll try to do it and Steve can chime in as well. I think it's important to focus on cash flow and when we move in-service date, a full-year, that means we're foregoing cash flow in 2021, and part of 2022 in Atlantic Coast Pipeline and that is substantial cash flow driver. We’re committed, as we said to our metrics, we're targeting FFO to debt of 15% to 16%. We think that is appropriate and consistent with the way the agencies look at us. You know that Moody's has us on stable, S&P has us on negative outlook, really looking not only ACP, but a number of other developments in our regulated business. And so I would look at this is us being responsive to developments that have occurred around an important project and consistent with our commitment to the balance sheet, which we have been clear about all along. So combination together is the way I would think about this equity issuance. And I'll look to Steve to see if he would add?
Steven Young: Yes, I would echo that entirely and we certainly want to have a solid balance sheet and the measure you think about there is a 50% FFO. And so we want to make sure that we can attain that. And as Lynn said, a delay of a project of this magnitude has a lot of cash flow implications. And so we want to be mindful of that and be proactive. And I think this will give us flexibility on the back-end of things as well.
Praful Mehta: Got you. That's very helpful context. Appreciate that. And then maybe just quickly on coal ash and the DQE order. Just what is the current status of the appeal on that? Is there anything that you can share on the process there, I know you're expecting it to go well into 2020 as you reference on your slides, but just wanted to see how to think about that, that process?
Lynn Good: Praful, it is still moving forward. We’re pursuing appeal through the OAH and also the North Carolina Superior Court. Our appeals are focused, or our claims are focused not only on the process that led to the decision, but also the substance of the decision. And so that process continues and as we reach milestones, we will of course update on that. But that's where I would leave it at this point.
Praful Mehta: Got you. Finally, just on Florida, clearly positive in terms of the Senate Bill 796 and the authority around good investment, any color on opportunities to further increase your CapEx associated with this? I know you said you're evaluating everything that comes out of it. But how should we think about that and timing around what this could result in terms of incremental CapEx?
Lynn Good: Sure. And Praful the Florida has been an environment that is recognized the need for grid investments. And we have been investing in hardening of our grid for some time. Right now, as part of our multi-year rate plan, we have over a $1 billion of investment underway. And that plan runs through 2021, so we would see the potential to take advantage of this additional storm hardening as we look at resetting our multi-year rate plan for 2022 and forward, which gives us an opportunity to really put additional investment to work in Florida.
Praful Mehta: Got you. Well, thanks so much guys.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Steven Young: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will next go to Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey good morning, Lynn and team.
Steven Young: Good morning.
Lynn Good: Hi Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, so I'm going to try to follow-up on some of the prior questions here a little bit more specifically, I believe in your prepared remarks, you talked a little bit more about additional distribution and infrastructure spend resulting from the equity raise as well as dealing with ACP. And I understand that ACP is to a large extent at least at present, a timing-related issue. Can you elaborate on potential opportunities on that side in tandem with this capital raise to kind of think about and I know, we're a little bit ahead of the 4Q cycle to discuss that, but I just wanted to kind of dig in a little further on sort of the twin purposes at least disclosed for the capital raise and understand also maybe at the same time, relative to that 15% FFO to debt, where do you stand and how much latitude do you have in your metrics to see some of that cash flow degradation at the outset that you described from the delay in ACP?
Lynn Good: So let me talk about grid investment first and then we can get to metrics Julien, what I would say on grid investment is we see an increasing interest in investment in the grid throughout our service territory. Florida, we talked about a moment ago Praful had questions around the Florida legislation. We also referenced Ohio, there's a Health Bill 247 that's moving through in Ohio. We've got TDSIC in Indiana, that has been an important investment opportunity and then the Clean Energy Plan that will progress in the Carolinas in 2020 also has a specific focus on modernizing the grid to support clean energy resilience, and other initiatives. So we feel like there's just a lot of policy discussion around the grid that will give us an opportunity to continue to add capital in a way that delivers benefits to customers and also benefits to shareholders. I think the timing of how that rolls out will be jurisdiction by jurisdiction, I would think about Florida's being 2022. Ohio, I think we have to get the bill passed yet to see where that's going to lie. And then we'll progress on the Clean Energy Plan during 2020 in the Carolinas, and have a better sense of where that capital will be deployed. Within our $37 million, we already have a fair amount of capital that's underway and we’ll of course continue to execute that. On metrics, we should close 2019 at 15% and Steve, why don't you talk about what you see in 2020 and 2021?
Steven Young: Right, we should be at 15% and as we move forward, we’ll be in the 15% range and the equity issuance and advancements of other efforts in rate cases should start to drive us north of 15% as we move into 2020, 2021 and beyond. And that's our goal is to be in the 15% to 16% range. That would give us sufficient headroom to deal with the types of things that pop-up, such as hurricanes or other issues. And we think that'll give us sufficient flexibility in our financial plan with this equity. And as we said earlier, if things can work out with Atlantic Coast Pipeline coming on, we have the opportunity to ramp-back on the ATM or to invest in the type of infrastructure that Lynn alluded to. There's a lot of opportunities out there. So that's basically the plan to get north of 15% in the 15% to 16% range, and we'll be doing that as we move through 2021 and beyond.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Can you quickly elaborate just in terms of the 2020 dynamics, specifically you alluded to a flat clean infrastructure renewable contribution next year, and I think if I understand it, right, the equity capital should have a minimal impact next year as well just based on timing, but I don't want to put words in your mouth on that. And then maybe…
Lynn Good: Yes, the minimal dilution in 2020, commercial renewables will be flat and the drivers that Steve outlined, I think it's Slide 14, Julien are very comprehensive. So I think you can track through those in a way that gives you a lot of confidence on 2020.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay, confidence as in the current trajectory?
Lynn Good: Yes.
Steven Young: Yes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes, all right, great. Thank you.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys, couple of questions. First of all, on the commercial renewable side, how are you thinking about investment going forward, meaning in 2021, I get you'd love to do more at the utilities. I'm just curious, trying to get my arms around your plans when you're thinking about the next couple of years?
Steven Young: Well, we’ll roll out and update our capital plan in February, as you know, Michael. But we had laid out last February about $2.5 billion of capital through 2023. As I mentioned earlier, we're doing about a $1 billion this year, it'll be lesser amounts going forward, I think we'll be deploying an amount of capital that will keep the earnings profile, relatively flat in the $200 million range is what we're looking at. I'd mentioned earlier that to keep that profile going forward, we need to land to 300 megawatts a year of projects, given the earnings profile, and so forth. So I don't see the capital proportionally growing in this particular segment as we go forward, but there will be capital as we land a few new projects each year.
Lynn Good: And then, Michael, like, Florida solar is directly in the regulated capital plan. So the 700 megawatts that we're building there. And to the extent we build any of the CPRE and the regulated utility in the Carolinas, that capital would be in the regulated capital plan.
Michael Lapides: Thank you for that. Just one follow-up though, can you how much of a benefit occurred in 2019 earnings so far that are impacting tax that are related to ITC benefits you took for projects that came online this year?
Steven Young: Well, a lot of the growth that we saw and targeted for commercial renewables was from solar projects and those that profitability is driven by the tax benefits. And when we close tax partnership arrangements there, you recognize a lot of the tax benefits. So we've got $139 million of net income so far this year. We've got a combination of some wind and solar projects, the solar projects in particular hit the earnings early.
Lynn Good: Michael, I think it's important to recognize that these projects are locked in for 2019 and 2020. And we are committed to a flat trajectory, around $200 million of net income over the five-year period and 70% of that is already committed in our pipeline. So it's an important part of this business. But I think in terms of the volatility, or any volatility, you could expect, this is an area that we feel like we have very well developed and managed.
Steven Young: And I would also add that the projects that will be landing prospectively starting in 2020, will utilize a structure that we believe will have a more of the spread of earnings recognition over a three to five year time periods.
Michael Lapides: Thank you. No, I appreciate that. I was just trying to think about is there, I don't know like an EPS not cliff, but an EPS draft, if you do fewer projects in the next couple of years than you're doing this year in 2019. And therefore you have less kind of one-time tax benefits in those future years?
Lynn Good: I think you should include in your model roughly $200 million to $220 million of net income for the next five years, because that's what we have in ours, that we're committed to deliver.
Michael Lapides: Okay, and then one final, final item. Just curious, given this new kind of financing need, how you're thinking about M&A? I mean, obviously, there's some situations that are very public out there, municipals or cooperatives being sold in both Florida and South Carolina. But does the -- the balance sheet constraint in the credit metrics requiring the new equity does that change your view at all on kind of broader sector M&A, or asset M&A?
Lynn Good: No, we think about what we talked about today, Michael is within the construct of a very robust organic growth plan, that includes strong regulated investment, $37 billion of growth capital. I think you're talking about Santee Cooper or perhaps JEA. We are involved in those processes. We know both of those assets well, and we would evaluate those on whether or not it makes sense to be a part of that process going forward and whether we believe we can deliver value to shareholders. So we think about that as a separate and distinct analysis that we will accomplish in a way that makes sense.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Lynn, thanks Steve. Much appreciate you all.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Steven Young: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our time for questions today. I’d like to pass the conference back over to Ms. Lynn Good for any additional or closing remarks.
Lynn Good: Great, well thank you everyone for your questions and your interest and investment in Duke. We look forward to seeing many of you at EEI in the next few days. So thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today’s call. Again we thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-06 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Please standby, we are about to begin. Good day and welcome to the Duke Energy second quarter earnings call. Today's conference is being recorded. And at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Callahan, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Callahan: Thank you Derrick. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining Duke Energy's second quarter 2019 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chairman, President and CEO, along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide two presents the Safe Harbor statement which accompanies our presentation materials. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on duke-energy.com and in today's materials. Please note, the appendix for today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures. As summarized on slide three, during today's call Lynn will provide an update on the quarter and progress on our strategic initiatives. She will also discuss legislative and regulatory activity in North Carolina. Steve will then provide an overview of our second quarter financial results and an insight about the economic and load growth trends. He will also provide an update on our regulatory and financing activities this year before closing with key investor considerations. With that, let me turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Mike, thank you and good morning everyone. Today, we announced strong results for the quarter with reported and adjusted earnings per share of $1.12 compared to $0.93 in the prior year. Our results to-date represents 6% growth over last year and give us confidence as we reaffirm our 2019 adjusted EPS guidance range of $4.80 to $5.20. We also reaffirmed our long-term earnings growth target of 4% to 6% through 2023. With solid growth across all three operating segments, we are executing our long-term strategy to transform the customer experience and deliver value for our shareholders. Our investments in the energy grid, cleaner generation and natural gas infrastructure ensure Duke Energy is well-positioned to build a smarter, low carbon energy future. In addition, we remain committed to the dividend and for the 13th consecutive year, we increased our quarterly dividend to shareholders. Shifting to operations, let me highlight several noteworthy accomplishments on slide four. First, Piedmont Natural Gas was recognized as one of America's most trusted brands among utilities, continuing to prove that franchise's value as well as its unwavering dedication to safety and impressive customer service. And we also remain steadfast in our focus on operational excellence. I am very proud of our employees' commitment to providing reliable, affordable and increasingly clean energy to our customers every day. This was exemplified the strong performance of our system during the recent sustained heat wave. Our teams demonstrated exceptional preparation and collaboration across the company and the fleet performed well while serving near record loads in the Carolinas, the Midwest and Florida. Turning to slide five, let me provide an update on how we are advancing our strategic initiatives to generate cleaner energy. In our electric business, the $1.1 billion Western Carolinas Modernization Project in Asheville remains on track. On August 5, the combined cycle plant successfully achieved first fire, an important milestone in the process to bring the unit online in late 2019. As a reminder, our comprehensive plan for this region includes retiring an older coal plant, building new natural gas combined cycle unit, installing renewables and upgrading transmission and distribution infrastructure. We have also engaged the community to increase energy efficiency, demand response adoption and our products and services offerings as we better serve this growing region. In Indiana, we filed our integrated resource plan and rate case in early July. Consistent with our cleaner generation strategy, key components of our plan include accelerating coal plant retirements and replacing them with natural gas units and renewables. Steve will discuss the elements of the rate case filing in more detail in a moment. We also continued to advance innovative solutions across the Southeast, including renewables, battery and EV infrastructure. In Florida, we are executing on the investment plan that underpins our multiyear settlement agreement. The Florida Commission has approved the recovery of 344 megawatts of previously announced solar projects under the solar base rate adjustment mechanism. This represents nearly half of the 700 megawatts we will be installing through 2021. We also announced 22 megawatts of battery storage projects in the state this quarter, kicking off the first wave of our planned 50 megawatts pilot program. In the Carolinas, we continue to engage stakeholders in our proposed electric vehicle pilot program. Electrification is an important part of the low carbon future and we will forward to spurring EV adoption in our communities with this infrastructure. Also in North Carolina, the first RFP for solar energy under House Bill 589 is complete. The second RFP is expected to launch this October and we look forward to participating in the next round of bidding. In our commercial business, we expanded our portfolio of projects during the quarter. In June, the 150 megawatts North Rosamond solar facility began delivering energy to customers in California. This is the largest solar project in our renewables fleet to-date and the energy generated from the project will be sold to Southern California Edison under a 15-year PPA. We also announced 650 megawatts of new project this quarter including the acquisition of 37 megawatts of Bloom Energy's distributed fuel cell technology which will come online over the next 18 months. We continue to bring more visibility to our growth prospects in this segment and are evaluating a modest level of investment to safe harbor several solar projects preserving the full investment tax credits through our five-year plan. We now have line of sight to substantially all of our growth targets for 2019 and 2020 and approximately 70% over the five-year plan. Shifting to our gas business on slide six. ACP Project Partners filed a petition on June 25 taking a Supreme Court review of the Appalachian Trail decision. We are pleased to have the Solicitor General join the petition in support of the case and we expect the court to decide later this fall if it will agree to hear the appeal. We also recently received an order from the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals vacating the project's Biological Opinion and Incidental Take Statement. We are evaluating this order and will work with the Fish and Wildlife Service to resolve any deficiencies. In anticipation of this ruling, work has been underway, including survey work to address certain issues identified at the May 9 hearing and confirmed in the excavation order. Our current expectation is that construction could resume by year-end, recognizing there are several steps that need to take place before we move forward. We continue to target in service for the first phase of the project by late 2020 and full pipeline in service in 2021. Our cost estimate of $7 billion to $7.8 billion remains unchanged. Finally, we are moving ahead with the construction of our $250 million Robinson LNG facility in North Carolina. This infrastructure will help Piedmont continue providing customers with the most affordable and reliable supply of natural gas during peak usage days, protecting customers from price spikes and volatility when extremely low temperatures create higher than normal demand for natural gas. We expect this facility to be in service during 2021. Each of these project aligns with our strategy to expand natural gas infrastructure as we bring much needed gas supply to the underserved Southeast. Moving to slide seven, let me share an overview of recent developments in North Carolina. Senate Bill 559 is pending before the North Carolina General Assembly. As a reminder, this bipartisan legislation was introduced in both chambers in early April. As written, it would allow the Commission to consider alternative cost recovery mechanisms including storm cost securitization, multiyear rate plans and ROE bands. Importantly, the Commission would retain its authority to review investments and the prudency of incurred costs just as it does today. If enacted into law, North Carolina would join 35 states that already have alternative cost recovery frameworks in place which generates significant customer benefits and incents investments necessary to transform our energy infrastructure. A multiyear rate plan in North Carolina would provide bill predictability and through investments in the energy delivery system result in fewer and shorter outages for customers while enabling more solar and battery installations. Further, storm cost securitization would save customers 15% to 20% on storm costs. Stakeholders have provided useful inputs throughout the legislative process strengthening the Bill by creating additional consumer protection. The current version of the Bill also provides for utility investments to support low income communities. The Bill, which is sponsored by the leading members of the House and Senate has passed the Senate and moved through three required House committees. The Bill currently remains in the Rules Committee of the House as the general assembly addresses other priorities, specifically the 2019 budget. The next step for the Bill is a vote by the Full House before moving to the Senate and ultimately the Governor for his consideration. Given there is no set end date for this session, we will monitor development and continue our advocacy work in support of the legislation. The Bill sponsors remain committed to Senate Bill 559 and the substantial benefits it offers to our customers and our state. Shifting of coal ash, I am extraordinarily proud of the work underway to meet our commitments in North Carolina. We successfully closed all three high priority sites ahead of their 2019 compliance deadline despite hurricanes and other severe weather of the last few years. We are also advancing work at the remaining sites. The legal process to appeal the North Carolina Department of Environmental Quality's order to excavate all remaining low rent and low priority basins is also underway. While we share the same goals of permanently and safely closing all basins, we disagree with the DEQ's position and filed an appeal in April outlining our case. Last week, the Office of Administrative Hearings heard arguments on a partial motion to dismiss filed by DEQ. The judge dismissed claims related to the procedure DEQ used in reaching a decision while allowing the substantive claim on the decision to excavate to move forward. We plan to proceed with the appeal, standing firm that the DEQ decision is not in the best interest of our customers and communities. We estimate full excavation would cost an incremental $4 billion to $5 billion versus the cap in place or hybrid closure methods proposed by our utilities, imposing significant cost on customers without measurable benefit to the environment. We expect the appeal process could take nine to 12 months and we will keep you informed as we reach milestones during the process. Before turning it over to Steve, I would want to reiterate our confidence in our long-term strategy and our continued ability to deliver on our commitments. As the past quarter shows, we are making strides improving the energy grid, transitioning our generation of fleet and increasing natural gas infrastructure. With significant investments in renewables, progress on regulatory and legislative front and ongoing stakeholder engagement, we are advancing our long-term vision for Duke Energy. And with that, I will turn it over to Steve.
Steven Young: Thanks Lynn and good morning everyone. I will start with quarterly results on slide eight including our adjusted earnings per share variances to the prior year. For detailed information on variance drivers and a reconciliation of reported to adjusted results, please refer to the supporting materials that accompany today's press release and presentation. On both a reported and adjusted basis, 2019 second quarter earnings per share were $1.12. This compared to reported and adjusted earnings per share of $0.71 and $0.93 respectively last year. For the quarter, higher reported and adjusted results compared to the prior year were primarily due to growth from investments at the electric and gas utilities, the commercial renewables project placed in service and favorable timing of O&M expenses. Within the segments, electric utilities and infrastructure was up $0.13 compared to the prior year. The segment continued to benefit from base rate increases across multiple utilities as well as higher rider revenues that include recovery of our Midwest grid investments. O&M was also favorable $0.07 in the quarter. These positive drivers were partially offset by higher depreciation from a growing asset base and higher interest expense. Shifting to gas utilities and infrastructure, results were up $0.02 in the quarter. The increase was largely due to growth from our midstream investments. As a reminder, we expect the LDC businesses to deliver the bulk of their remaining earnings contribution in the fourth quarter. In commercial renewables, results were up $0.06 driven primarily by our North Rosemont solar project placed in service. This was partially offset by below normal wind resource and a prior year favorable contractual settlement. Finally, other contributed $0.01 for the quarter and share dilution drove a $0.03 decline, given we issued shares in December to settle last year's equity forward agreements. Overall, we are pleased with our strong results for the first half of the year and our solid execution gives us confidence that will achieve our full-year earnings target and deliver on our commitments. For perspective on key considerations for the back half of the year, please see the slide we provided in the appendix. Turning to slide nine. We operate in jurisdictions with strong customer growth and economy. On a rolling 12-month basis, weather normalized retail electric load growth was 0.5%, consistent with our full-year expectation. Our residential class continues to contribute to our results with an overall increase in volumes of 0.6% on a rolling 12-month basis. Robust customer growth fueled by population increases in our attractive service territories support volumes. Our jurisdictions also enjoy strong employment. Nearly 25% of all jobs created over the last year across the nation are in states we serve. We are also seeing strength in the commercial class with sales up 0.7% over the rolling 12-months. Data center expansions continue to lead growth in the sector with strength in the hospitality and leisure segments also helping to offset weakness in big-box retail. Finally, sales in our industrial class declined 0.2% on a rolling 12-month basis, a slight improvement from last quarter. As expected, results continue to be impacted by 2018 production declines for a few large customers and recent outage activities that continue to influence the 12-month rolling average. Going forward, we believe these specific outliers will continue to improve. At a macro level, economic indicators for our service areas remain strong and reaffirmed our long-term assumption of 0.5% retail load growth for our electric utilities. Turning to slide 10, let me update you on our active regulatory calendar. In July, we filed our first Indiana rate case in 16 years. As Lynn mentioned, the case presents the road map to our cleaner generation strategy and also incorporates modern regulatory recovery mechanisms. These include forward-looking test years and a five-year decoupling program for residential and commercial customers. The requested $395 million revenue increase would occur over two years and is based on a 10.4% ROE and a 53% equity component of the capital structure. Key drivers of the request include additional depreciation as we accelerate retirement dates of our coal fleet in the state and investments to serve more than 100,000 customers added since the last rate case. We expect hearings for the case to commence in January 2020 with rates effective mid-2020. Let me move to Piedmont Natural Gas, which filed its first base rate case in North Carolina in six years on April 1. We requested an $83 million revenue increase to recover costs for necessary infrastructure investments. The evidentiary hearing is scheduled for August 19 and we expect new rates to be effective by the end of the year. Finally in South Carolina, we filed a motion for rehearing of our DEC and DEP electric rate cases in May. We requested reconsideration of the 9.5% ROE and the disallowance of certain coal ash costs deemed to be related to implementation of North Carolina's Coal Ash Management Act. On June 19, the state's Public Service Commission issued a directive denying our motion for rehearing. We are awaiting the full order from the commission and are prepared to file an appeal to the South Carolina Supreme Court. Turning to our other utilities. Duke Energy Kentucky filed its 30-day notice of an electric rate case on August 1. We also continue to evaluate rate case timing in North Carolina for both DEC and DEP and expect to file rate cases for both later this year. We are executing on our regulatory strategy to recover our investments to serve our customers and remain focused on collaborating with stakeholders throughout the process. Turning to slide 11, let me give you an update on our continued efforts to support our credit ratings and financing plan. First, in May, S&P affirmed our rating of BBB+ and revised their rating outlook to negative from stable. Some of the items they highlighted are singular in nature and will evolve over time. S&P provided a 12 to 24 month timeframe to work through these issues and we are focused on reaching resolutions during that time. We remain committed to our current credit ratings, which reflect our low risk business with tremendous scope and scale, geographical and regulatory diversity and constructive regulation. As we outlined in February, our 2019 financing plan assumes a $500 million common equity issuance. And to-date, we have priced or issued approximately $420 million of that amount. We expect the balance to be issued through our drip in the third and fourth quarters. We also expect our 2019 credit metrics to be supported by refundable AMT credits of $575 million and the close of our commercial renewables minority stake sale to John Hancock, both of which should occur this fall. Finally, in July, we increased our quarterly cash dividend by 2%. This is consistent with our plan to moderate our dividend growth over time, particularly given our robust capital plan. We continue target a payout ratio range of 65% to 75%, trending to the midpoint of this range over the five-year plan. Our financing plan prudently manages the balance sheet to support Duke Energy's credit quality and maintain financial flexibility as we execute our long term strategy. I will close with slide 12. Our attractive investor value proposition is founded upon our growing dividend which currently yields approximately 4.3%. Coupled with earnings growth of 4% to 6% from transparent low-risk investments, we offer a compelling risk-adjusted total shareholder return of 8% to 10%. Our scale, constructive service areas and ability to execute make Duke Energy a solid long term investment opportunity. With that, let's open the line for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will take our first question from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hi. Good morning guys.
Lynn Good: Hi Shar. Good morning.
Steven Young: Good morning.
Shar Pourreza: I want o delve into Carolina's policy a bit and this may be a question for Lloyd. So in South Carolina, you obviously got a low ROE negative outcome for coal ash which is on appeal. How is sort of the dialogue going in North Carolina? I mean they are obviously seeing what's going on and the two jurisdictions have been somewhat aligned in the past. You have the Piedmont case and you are eventually going to file a Duke in progress in the state. So how is sort of the conversations flowing in North Carolina, especially head into these GRCs? Should we be, I guess, concerned as there is some readthrough to what we are seeing in South Carolina just from a regulatory constructs standpoint?
Lynn Good: Shar, I want to be clear that we do not see a readthrough from South Carolina to North Carolina. North Carolina has historically been a very fair, impartial regulatory jurisdiction that recent decisions based on facts and evidence presented follows the law and we would certainly expect that to be the case as we think about regulatory outcomes moving forward.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then just on Senate Bill 559, obviously in the prepared remarks, it's still sitting at the House. It's not on the calendar for a vote and you certainly highlighted budgetary, the lack of a budget as being one of the items that's curtailing it. Is there sort of anything else you want to highlight that could be a push or take? Do you have sense on sort of timing? Are we going into sort of a special session? So any sort of incremental color on how the conversations are flowing would be very helpful.
Lynn Good: Shar, we are very pleased with the progress that we have made with Senate Bill 559. We have strong bipartisan sponsorship of the Bill and as you indicated we are in the Rules Committee really waiting for other priorities that the general assembly has in front of them, specifically the budget. I think it's important to recognize that the Bill sponsors have continued to express support for moving this legislation and it is historically the case in North Carolina legislation that is taken up after the budget or even during the budget impasse. So we continue to actively advocate for the Bill. We think the customer benefits and the policy involved and embodied in the Bill are very strong. Customer benefits, reducing costs for storms in the range of 15% to 20% and the policy allows for stakeholder settlements and engagements to develop an investment plan that delivers value to customers from storm hardening and resiliency to renewables and the improvements to customer experience. And recently in the House, we also added provisions to encourage low income investment. So we think the combination of good policy and clear benefits to customers are very strong attributes of this Bill and we continue to advocate for it. I think in terms of timeline, we will have to see how these other priorities continue to shape up. There is no specific timeline I would share with you but we will continue to update as progress is made.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Thanks. And then just strategically, Lynn, it's the last question. I know you typically shy away from commenting on any strategic moves, but you have given us some sense on how you think about Santee Cooper and its ongoing process in South Carolina. If you sort of shift to Florida, is there any interest in JEA in case they pursue a privatization. I know the process has obviously started and the bids are due by September 30. Is there any interest there?
Lynn Good: Shar, we evaluate opportunities as you would expect as we see things that are in our service territory that we think are a fit for us. So that would be evaluating within the broad context of our business plan and we feel like our organic growth opportunities are quite strong and that would be our highest priority.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Congrats guys and a great start.
Lynn Good: Shar, thank you very much.
Steven Young: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will next go to Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Good morning.
Lynn Good: Hi Greg.
Steven Young: Good morning.
Greg Gordon: So you guys had a really solid first half, $2.36. And I know that you are flagging some timing issues. But even with those taking into account, adding back your assumption of normal weather and then to the point that some of the point Steve made with regard to things that were positive drivers in the first half that should continue to be positive drivers in the second half, you would only need to do $0.01 better than last year and the second half to hit current consensus of $4.90, $0.15 to get to $5. So I am just wondering if you are comfortable articulating a little bit more where you think you will be in the range given that it seems that consensus might be a little bit too low for the balance of the year unless I am missing some big negative driver that you haven't disclosed?
Lynn Good: Greg, I will take a shot and then Steve can follow. Our typical approach on resetting specifics within the range follows the third quarter, which is just a statement of the obvious about how significant third quarter can be. So we will fine-tune the range as we historically have. But I think all the points that you are making around the strength of the start to the year, the way we are executing on our plan and the way we are controlling costs, the way we are working through the regulatory outcomes gives us high degree of confidence within the range. So I think we are off to a strong start and the team is focused on delivering and I would expect us to do that. We are waiting to see how weather in August and September plays out. So Steve, have at it.
Greg Gordon: How has weather been through June and July relative to normal?
Lynn Good: So July has been hot, no doubt.
Steven Young: Yes. July has been, we have seen some favorable weather. The only thing I would add in terms of the last half of the year is a bit about shaping. We do have, as I mentioned, some renewables projects that are slated for the fourth quarter and we provided an exhibit there. But in terms of the year as a whole, I echo Lynn's comments entirely.
Greg Gordon: Right. So just to build on that statement, you do have a higher amount of net new megawatts coming into service in the second half, about 136 megawatts net increase even though that is shaped predominantly in the fourth quarter. At least that's the way --
Lynn Good: That's right. And you know, Greg, the other thing I would point to in the back-half. You may remember Florence and Michael in the third and fourth quarter last year. So that's another consideration you should think about O&M.
Greg Gordon: Great. Well, congratulations. It sounds like you are setting up to have a good year. So congrats.
Lynn Good: Greg, thank you. I appreciate that.
Steven Young: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd: Hi. Good morning.
Lynn Good: Good morning Steve. How are you?
Steven Young: Good morning.
Stephen Byrd: Doing great. I wanted to touch base on North Carolina legislation. If the legislation is enacted into law, I just wanted to get your latest thoughts on what kinds of opportunities, perhaps longer term in terms of additional CapEx, additional areas of focus and spending, if you get that kind of support that we have been looking for?
Lynn Good: Stephen, I would think about Senate Bill 559 as being an enabler of the capital plan that we have laid out over the next five years. You will note that we have more investment in the delivery system really as part of the transformation that we see in the industry. And Senate Bill 559 provides an investment mechanism that very closely matches the investment with the benefits to customers. So I would think about it in that context. And as we think about actually putting 559 into place, we envision a stakeholder process where the investment priorities over the multiyear period would be informed in a way that drives the policy in the state. So this gives us a great opportunity to tailor those investments in a way that drives customer benefits. But I would think about it within the context of the plan we have in front of you. We think it's just very good policy at this stage of the industry transformation.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. Then maybe shifting gears over to Atlantic Coast. Obviously we had an unfavorable ruling from the Fourth Circuit on the Biological Opinion and Incidental Take Statement. In the unfortunate event that a revised BO and ITS is also vacated again, would you mind just talking at a high-level to the range of options, whether that be other sources of natural gas, other approaches, generation needs? And I think just I know it's premature to talk in detail about what might be done but just as I am trying to think through the range of options would you mind just speaking to that at a high level?
Lynn Good: Sure. And there two points I would like to make, Stephen, on this. And the first one is that we are evaluating this order working closely with project partners and also efficient wildlife. There is an extensive work done. We are in the field now with surveys. And our intention is to work with the partners and federal agencies to address the Fourth Circuit concerns and in a manner that will withstand further challenge. That is our highest priority but I think the question that you are raising is one about the longer term implications and I would go to the business case for this investment in answer to that question because the business case remains extraordinarily strong. We need this infrastructure. Eastern North Carolina need this infrastructure, not only for the delivery of natural gas but for continued reduction in carbon emissions as we move away from coal. And so we will continue to pursue ways that we can get that infrastructure into the state but our highest priority and we think the best business case for customers is Atlantic Coast Pipeline.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. Thank you very much.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Steven Young: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will next go to Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Michael Weinstein: Hi. Good morning.
Lynn Good: Good morning.
Steven Young: Good morning.
Michael Weinstein: If you could just talk about the timing of O&M that was mentioned in the quarter? Just wondering what are the issues that were being -- that contributed to different timing of O&M throughout the year?
Steven Young: Yes. What I was referring to basically relates to some outages and timing of outages year-over-year. So you will see some non-storm O&M timing that might turn around in the second half of the year. Lynn mentioned storms in the prior year. And if you look at storm O&M in the second half of the year, if we have a more normal second half of the year you might see some favorable O&M coming from that. But some of the non-storm O&M may turn a bit in the second half of the year just because the timing of plant outages and that type of work. So I was just trying to give some flavor for it. We are very pleased with our efforts on O&M in the first half of the year. In response to the mild weather we saw in January and February, we enacted some efforts in our O&M agility, is the term we use internally, to help offset some of the impacts of that. And that's showing up as part of the $0.07 but some of its timing as well.
Michael Weinstein: Got it. And on the commercial renewables, you are about 70% line of sight for the five-year plan. Is there a possibility that you might be considering increasing the $2.5 billion investment plan for that segment?
Lynn Good: That will be something, Michael, we look at in connection with our five-year planning process, which is underway. But as we think about the five years, given all of the other capital investment opportunities we have, we are really looking for this segment to consistently deliver kind of at the level at that in 2019. And we have a high degree of confidence in its ability to do that because of the 70% that we have already locked in on growth target. So that's probably the way I would think about it at this point. But consistent with five-year planning, we will give every segment a review and make sure it has our best thinking as we come to the street with guidance in February.
Michael Weinstein: Got you. And one last question on that on Bloom Energy. How did you guys get involved with fuel cells? Like what was the -- how did that decision process come about, just curious?
Lynn Good: Michael, we have a team that is looking at what I would call customer solutions. And so this is a team that works with large industrial, large commercial customers and really is working to customize solutions that those customers need to meet their energy requirements. It can be renewables, it can be battery technology, it can be microgrids, it could be a fuel cell technology. And so the Bloom investment was consistent with the growth priorities that that team is focused on and we believe this notion of customization of energy for large energy users is a trend that will just continue to grow.
Michael Weinstein: Great. Thank you very much.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Steven Young: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for the time.
Lynn Good: Hi Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi. Good morning. So Lynn, just going back to some of the comments you made earlier with respect to the coal ash order with the DEQ. Can you elaborate basically the next steps after the Judge's actions recently and just some of the specific nuances of how you go forward on appeals, et cetera?
Lynn Good: Sure. Simply put, Julien, we are moving forward on the appeal. And so what we would expect is a procedural calendar to come out establishing discovery and hearings and so on. And so we will continue to challenge the underlying decision itself, the science and engineering, the cost considerations, et cetera. We would expect a hearing to be in 2020 and we will know more as the calendar is established.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it.
Lynn Good: So I think it is a partial dismissal. Yes, partial dismissal.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes, absolutely, indeed. And then just if I can turn the focus back to Indiana quickly, you talked about the filing here. Can you elaborate a little bit with respect to the planning process and generation decisions? I know you talked about some acceleration here, but just more of the specifics here? I know the state has got a good bit of attention. So I just want to perhaps dig a little bit.
Lynn Good: Julien, the team in Indiana has done a lot of very good work to think about a thoughtful approach around the generation mix in the state. And so we have put together a proposal that shortens the life of certain of the assets and then introduces more investment in renewables and in natural gas which you will see in the IRP plan. So I think the first thing to focus on is the rate case which will run over the next six to nine months. And then the integrated resource plan is something that will continue to be a topic of discussion and review in the state. We believe we have put together a very thoughtful approach. We have had a very active stakeholder engagement not only with customers but with policymakers in the state and believe we have put forward a very thoughtful plan for Indiana.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. But no timeline for further acceleration, right? It still seems like the acceleration is pretty long dated, right, to the remaining asset life?
Lynn Good: I think I would ask you to look at it because there is a fair amount acceleration on a couple of the units and then those will be a topic of discussion. Of course, as we go through the rate case and when I say we put together a thoughtful plan, I think that invites and offers an opportunity for further discussion, both with regulators and with other intervening parties. And our commitment is to develop a plan that makes sense for the customers of Indiana but also continues to lower carbon. And we think we have started that conversation well with the rate case and with the IRP.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Thank you very much for the time.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Steven Young: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will next go to Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Praful Mehta: Thanks so much. Hi guys.
Lynn Good: Good morning.
Steven Young: Hello.
Praful Mehta: Morning. So a lot of topics covered so far. So I appreciate that. I just wanted to get a little bit more on the North Carolina, the DEQ that you just talked about. The $4 billion to $5 billion spend, if you could dimension for us what the risks are if you are not successful in the appeal in terms of is it all of a customer bill impacts and so that's the worry? Or is there some concern that some part of that $4 billion to $5 billion is not recoverable?
Lynn Good: Praful, I would make a couple of comments on that. And the first one is that the impact of the excavation order has a very limited impact on the five-year plan. So $200 million to $400 million falling in that five-year period because of the time required to secure permits and construct landfills and other things contemplated by the order. So we are talking about a period of time that is outside of the five years and with full excavation could extend all the way into the 2040 for certain of the sites. And so I think what it represents is a longer closure period that, in our opinion, increases cost without a measurable improvement in environmental benefits. And that will be the discussion as we go forward. The North Carolina commission has approved recovery of costs for coal ash and so I would ask you to look at that order in terms of the press in the state and we will continue to make progress on these basins. Our commitment and DEQ's is exactly the same, which is to close them safely and that's where our focus remains as we pursue these legal matters and some fine tuning of the approach over the long term to close the basin.
Praful Mehta: Got you. Super helpful. Thank you. And then maybe just the same color on the South Carolina side, in terms of appealing the cases there. Could you give us some color on the specific issues that you are more focused on and how you see that playing out?
Lynn Good: Sure. In South Carolina, Praful, we are awaiting a final order on the cases. So we have gotten the directive. We have gotten the rehearing. But the actual order on rehearing has not yet been filed. We would expect it in the next period of time and then we have 30 days to appeal the order which we intend to do and we would appeal to the Supreme Court in South Carolina. The disallowance of coal ash costs will be a part of that appeal. And I think it's important to recognize that the precedent between North and South Carolina is a long-standing one where the benefits between the two states are shared on generation and transmission. And remediation of coal ash would be a part of the decommissioning of plants. And these plants that then share the benefits of those plants with South Carolina customers over their entire life. I think it's also important to recognize that both the federal and the state laws establish safe basin closure methods and excavation is an option in both. And so we would intend to continue to pursue this. I think the timeframe you should think about is probably one to two years to work through the process. But the cost doesn't start until we get the order and then file the appeal within 30 days. So we will continue to keep you posted as it moves through the process.
Praful Mehta: Got you. Thank you. And then just finally in terms of, clearly you are having a strong first half. Is there any assumption on incremental O&M being pulled forward, given you have some budget or some room in your numbers to kind of maintain within the guidance? I just wanted to understand kind of any shipping on the O&M side for the second half?
Steven Young: Well, Praful, that capability to move O&M back and forth and toggle it based upon results is a core skill set that we have. It remains to be seen in the second half of the year dependent upon weather, storm activity and those kind of things whether we will pull those levers. But I mentioned, we pulled some of them in response to the mild weather in the first couple of months of the year. We have the capability of redirecting O&M in different fashion when we see favorable results as well. But I don't want to give any firm guidance going forward. We still have got the third quarter to go and the weather and storm sit in front of us. But we do have that capability.
Lynn Good: And Praful, the objective of all of this is to deliver on our commitments around the guidance that we have provided for the street and that's the way we will approach this.
Praful Mehta: Understood. Thanks so much guys and congratulations.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: Hi guys.
Lynn Good: Hi Michael.
Michael Lapides: Hi Lynn. I wanted to ask about North Carolina renewables. And can you remind us, A, what's already in your forecast for the amount of renewables you are building in North Carolina where you have already got approval through the RFP process? And then, can you remind us what the limits are and how much you think you could wind up doing beyond what's already known or in your plan?
Steven Young: Yes, Michael, I will take that. And regarding the limits to the HB589 regulations, there is a limit to our bidding and winning bids to 30% of the tranches that are going to be bid over the next several years. There is no limit to subsequent acquisition of another winning bidder's part interest. So ultimately we could own a higher percentage than 30% of the renewables assets from HB589. I think for planning purposes, we have got about 30% in our plan. We have typically thought about that being in the commercial renewables segment. But it could be within the regulated business segment or the commercial renewables. The first tranche that was awarded of roughly 600 megawatts between regulated and commercial, we got about a third of that. So I think that's a reasonable planning assumption going forward.
Michael Lapides: So roughly a couple hundred megawatts a year installed run rate? Or is that a couple hundred megawatts over a several year period?
Steven Young: It will depend upon how much is bid through the process. We saw 600 megawatts. Initially it was 680 megawatts, but only 600 was awarded. If the tranches stayed at that level then it might be in the ballpark of 150 to 200 megawatts. The tranches going forward may be smaller than that as we grandfather other renewables into the process. But you can think about those numbers as a reasonable number to think about.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you. much appreciated.
Lynn Good: Thank you Michael.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Sophie Karp with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Sophie Karp: Hi. Good morning. Congrats on the quarter.
Lynn Good: Hi Sophie.
Steven Young: Thank you.
Sophie Karp: I wanted to also a question on renewables and maybe from an angle that has clearly been a very successful program for you and an attractive niche. Is there a way to do more along those lines in addition to these tranches, maybe just those strictly in the commercial renewable space? And what's your view the probability that we are going to see some ITC and PTC extension?
Steven Young: A couple of things here. On the tranches of renewables that come through the HB589, we will continue to participate at that level. We think it makes sense. We know the service area. We know the grid surrounding of these assets. So again, I think that it will continue to be fruitful for us over the next several years. Regarding ITC and PTC extensions, again, we have heard nothing about extending that specifically. They are set to expire and that is what we are basing our plans upon is that those particular tax benefits will begin to wind down.
Lynn Good: And Sophie, we commented a moment ago on the strength of the pipeline that sits in the commercial business. We feel very confident with our ability to deliver within our five-year plan and have a robust pipeline to support that. I think in terms of the Congressional extension of the credits, there is some discussion underway about that. We have been supporters of Congress' bipartisan agreement to fade them down. We believe that the economic competitiveness of the resource is very attractive and as a result are supportive of that fade down. But I think we will have to see what plays outs as the process continues in Washington.
Sophie Karp: Got you. Thank you. And then maybe, if I may, a quick follow-up on the coal ash in South Carolina. So your appeal right now is to the State Supreme Court, correct?
Lynn Good: Yes.
Sophie Karp: But ultimately, the issue is how these costs would be allocated between two different states? And should we expect this litigation ultimately find its way to the federal court?
Lynn Good: I believe the South Carolina Supreme Court is where it will be decided, Sophie. And there is a great deal of precedent over decades around the allocation of costs between North and South Carolina. We run the generation and transmission system as a system between North and South Carolina and have very established methods of allocating costs. And so we will be presenting very strong arguments on those costs and believe that it will be resolved at the Supreme Court level in South Carolina.
Sophie Karp: Got it. Thank you very much. Very helpful color.
Lynn Good: Thank you Sophie.
Steven Young: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Lynn Good for any additional or closing remarks.
Lynn Good: Well, thank you everyone. We appreciate your interest and investment in Duke Energy. Our IR team will be available this afternoon as usual to answer any follow-up questions and we look forward to seeing many of you in the weeks to come. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And with that, that does conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-09 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Duke Energy First Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Callahan, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Callahan: Thank you, Ally. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Duke Energy's first quarter 2019 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chairman, President and CEO; along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide two presents a Safe Harbor statement which accompanies our presentation materials. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on duke-energy.com and in today's materials. Please note the appendix for today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures. As summarized on slide three, during today's call Lynn will provide an update on the quarter including legislative and regulatory activity in the Carolinas. She will also discuss progress on our strategic initiatives. Steve will then provide an overview of our first quarter financial results and the insight about the economic and load growth trends. He will also provide an update on our 2019 financing activities before closing with key investor considerations. With that, let me turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Today we announced reported and adjusted earnings per share of $1.24, marking a strong start to the year. We are on track to achieve our 2019 adjusted EPS guidance range of $4.80 to $5.20 and our long-term earnings growth target of 46% through 2023. We remain confident in the strength of our business and the ability to grow with investments that deliver value to our customers and our shareholders. In the first quarter, we advanced our strategy to modernize the grid, generate cleaner energy, and expand natural gas infrastructure. We added more than 400,000 smart meters, and continue to deploy self-optimizing grid technology across our system. We made progress on the construction of the Asheville combined-cycle unit as part of our Western Carolinas modernization project, and we filed for the next wave of solar generation projects in Florida. Our investments in these key areas combined with our attractive growing service areas are foundational to growth in our electric and gas utilities. We have several noteworthy accomplishments in the quarter, so let me highlight a few of them on slide four. First, we continue to advocate for modern cost recovery mechanisms in our service territories, and we're pleased to see the introduction of related legislation in North Carolina, our largest jurisdiction. We also recently announced 1,250 megawatts of regulated and commercial renewable projects that we will either own or procure on behalf of our customers. Approximately two-thirds of these projects will be built in our service territories. This was a remarkable start to the year as we expand these important resources in our portfolio. As we invest in new renewables, we are recycling capital from existing projects having announced the transaction to sell a minority stake in our current commercial renewables portfolio to John Hancock. Finally, we received multiple recognition of our employee's efforts to generate clean, reliable energy for our customers. EEI named Duke Energy one of the industry leaders in safety for the fourth year in a row. This is especially meaningful as safety is our highest priority and is foundational to operational excellence. And in April, Forbes recognized Duke Energy as a top employer for the second year in a row, highlighting our efforts to engage, develop, and retain our workforce. I'm proud of the work our employees do every day keeping the customer at the center of everything we do and driving efficiencies across our business. Turning to slide five, let me update you on recent legislative and regulatory activities in the Carolinas. In early April, Bipartisan legislation was introduced in both chambers of the North Carolina General Assembly that would give the Utilities Commission the authority to consider alternative cost recovery mechanisms. This would include multi-year rate plans, ROE bands and storm costs securitization. We were pleased to see this important legislation passed the Senate last week, moving out of the House for consideration. If enacted into law, North Carolina would join 35 states across the nation that already have alternative cost recovery frameworks in place, a multi-year rate plan would benefit customers with bill predictability and certainty as we make important investments for the future. It will provide the commission another tool to address the changing nature of utility investments, while still retaining the authority to review investments and the prudency of incurred costs just as it does today. Similarly, storm cost securitization would provide the commission new authorities consider financing structures to mitigate customer bill impacts from major storm activity. This legislation is a step in the right direction for North Carolina, and we will continue to provide updates as the session progresses. On the regulatory front, Piedmont Natural Gas, filed its first rate case in North Carolina in six years on April 1.. We requested an $83 million increase from the revenue requirement to recover costs for necessary infrastructure investment. We expect new rates to be effective by the end of the year. In South Carolina, we received directives from the commission regarding our pending DEC and DEP electric rate cases. Aspects of the directives were constructive including a 53% equity component of the capital structure and a 20-year flow back period for unprotected excess deferred income taxes. However, we were disappointed with certain critical aspects of the rulings. Of note, the commission adopted a 9.5% ROE and this allowed recovery of certain coal ash costs deemed to be related to implementation of North Carolina's coal ash Management Act. We will look for the written orders to be issued in the coming weeks to better understand the commission's position on these issues. However, it is clear the regulatory and related business environment in South Carolina has changed and this will affect the investment climate for the state in our industry and in others. Our commitment to safe and reliable operations for our customers is unchanged. However, our appetite for further growth and discretionary investments will be influenced by our ability to earn a fair and reasonable return. At 9.5% the ROE in South Carolina is the second lowest in the southeast and the lowest among regulated utilities. Further, our coal ash management cost are consistent with our obligations under state and federal regulations and have been prudently incurred on behalf of customers in both North and South Carolina. Both states have enjoyed the benefits of a combined generation and transmission system over many decades and the decommissioning of assets including storage of ash should rightly sit under the same sharing mechanism. We intend to make a motion for rehearing by the PSC and are prepared to file an appeal of these and potentially other portions of the case. Moving to slide six, let me update you on our strategic initiative. Our transition to a cleaner energy future is well underway. Our $1.1 billion Western Carolinas modernization project in Asheville remains on track for a late 2019 in service date. The project combines various aspects of our cleaner energy strategy, retiring an older coal plant, building new natural gas units, installing renewables and upgrading transmission and distribution infrastructure. We also engaged the community increasing energy efficiency and demand response adoption and effectively collaborating on the successful solution to better serve the growing region. Renewables development is also off to a tremendous start in 2019. In Florida, we announced three new solar projects totaling 195 megawatt as part of our commitment to add 700 megawatts of solar under our multi-year settlement agreement. We expect to begin recovering the cost of these investments under the solar base rate adjustment mechanism once the projects are in service. In North Carolina, the independent administrator issued results of the first RFP for renewable energy under House Bill 589 with 602 megawatts of utility scale solar projects clearing the auction. In total, Duke Energy was awarded 270 megawatts with most projects coming online at the end of next year. Including those awarded under HB589, our commercial renewables businesses have added multiple projects to their growing backlog. Combined with the earnings from our existing portfolio, these projects give us confidence in our ability to maintain the earnings contribution of this segment over the five year plan. We have strong visibility to approximately 90% of the earnings target for 2019 and 2020, and approximately 60% of the target through 2023. This success clearly demonstrates our ability to capture a share of the robust market for contracted renewable generation. We expect these markets remain strong as it transitions away from tax incentives over the next few years. Turning to the grid, we continue to add new technology to make it more resilient, secure and reliable. In Florida, base rate increases under our multi-year rate plan went into effect this January. Annual rate increases over the next three years support approximately $1.1 billion of grid modernization investments of Duke Energy, Florida including smart meter deployment and other system upgrades that will reduce outages, shorten restoration times and support renewable energy growth. We are also building electric vehicle infrastructure in Florida and waiting approval of our proposed EV programs in the Carolinas. Our recently announced North Carolina initiative would be the largest in the southeast and help to fund the adoption of electric school buses and public transportation with approximately 2,500 new charging stations. Shifting to natural gas infrastructure, I want to share a brief update on the Atlanta Coast pipelines. Oral arguments before the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals regarding the Biological Opinion and incidental take statement are underway today. We expect an order in the case within 90 days. We are also pursuing an appeal to the Supreme Court for the U.S. Forest Service permit to cross national forests and the Appalachian Trail. We expect the petition to be filed in the summer and are optimistic that the Department of Justice and Solicitor General will join this request. As discussed on our February earnings call, we expect construction to resume this fall and the first phase of the project and service by late 2020 and the full pipeline and service in 2021. We continue to advance discussions with customers regarding this approach. Our cost estimate remains in the range of $7 billion to $7.8 billion. We remain committed to this important project. ACP will provide much needed infrastructure to eastern North Carolina and drive economic growth across the region. Turning to slide seven, I want to take a moment to update you on our ash basin closure efforts and the recent announcements in North Carolina. On April 1 we've received an order from the North Carolina Department of Environmental Quality stating that we must excavate all remaining low priority and low risk based on interstate. Well, we share the same of permanently and safely closing all basins, we disagree with the DEQ's position. We estimate fullest excavation would cost an incremental $4 billion to $5 billion versus the cap in place or hybrid closure methods proposed by our utilities. This would impose significant costs on customers without any measurable benefit to the environment. The agency's position also fails to recognize the internal impact of open basins and excavation activities that would occur over decades. Under full excavation scenario the state would need to take action to extend closure deadlines under state and federal laws based on the amount of ash to be addressed. We recognize it's within DEQ's authority to set the environmental policy of the state. However, in the interests of pursuing what is best for our customers we submitted a comprehensive appeal to the North Carolina Office of Administrative Hearings. We expect the appeal would take approximately 9 months to 12 months. In parallel we are developing a range of closure options to support compliance with the order, while also maintaining a focus on cost for our customers. Under our full excavation scenario it's important to note that it would take time to pursue permitting and construction of new basins to receive excavated ash. As a result the most significant financial impact would occur outside the five year plan with about $200 million to $400 million of incremental closure costs incurred in the next five years. We will continue to safely and permanently close the ash basins in the Carolinas. We are currently excavating basins where it makes sense to do so and have already removed more than 20 million tons of ash in North Carolina. We've also advanced the construction of three ash reprocessing units in the state. Our surface remains unchanged. We will protect the environment and do what's best for our customers. Before turning it over to Steve, our work in the first quarter demonstrates our ability to deliver on our commitment and create value for our customers and investors. We are executing our strategy to generate increasingly clean energy and make improvements to the energy grid. We're expanding our regulated renewables footprint with significant deployments announced in North Carolina and Florida and we remain on track for smart meters to be fully deployed in all of our jurisdiction by 2021. This technology will complement other grid enhancing investments to provide customers with the information they expect on improving grid resiliency and security. I'm proud of our progress in the first quarter. As we continue transforming our business and creating a smarter energy future. Our goal is to position Duke Energy to be the leading infrastructure investment and I look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. So with that I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Young: Thanks, Lynn. I'll start with quarterly results on slide 8 including our adjusted earnings per share variances to the prior year. For detailed information on various drivers and the reconciliation of reported to adjusted results please refer to the supporting materials at the company today's press release and presentation. On a reported and adjusted basis 2019 first quarter earnings per share were $1.24 this compared to reported and adjusted EPS of $0.88 and a $1.28 respectively last year. For the quarter, lower adjusted results compared to the prior year were primarily due to unfavorable weather and shared illusion, partially offset by growth from investments at the electric and gas utilities. Within the segments, electric utilities and infrastructure was down $0.10 compared to the prior year. These results were primarily driven by mild winter weather across the southeast in the current quarter and lower retail volumes on a weather normal basis. In addition, higher depreciation and interest expense impacted results. Partially offsetting these unfavorable drivers were base rate increases in Florida and North Carolina and higher rider revenues. Shifting to gas utilities and infrastructure, results were up $0.10 in the quarter. The increase was primarily due to a true up adjustment related to income tax recognition for our equity method midstream investments. Higher margins at the LDCs also contributed to growth. In our commercial renewable segment, results were down $0.01 for the quarter. The decrease was primarily due to below normal wind resource this year. Finally, other was up $0.01 for the quarter and share dilution drove a $0.04 decline due to the shares we issued in December to settle last year's equity forward agreements. Overall, these results and our strong execution to start the year give us confidence that we will achieve our full-year earnings target and deliver on our commitments. Turning to slide nine, on a rolling 12 month basis weather retail electric load growth was 0.5%. While results in the quarter were weaker than expected, we believe they were driven by temporary factors and continue to expect load growth of 0.5% for the year. Our residential class continues to drive growth with an overall increase in volumes of 0.6% on a rolling 12 month basis. Strong customer growth continues to support volumes and employment in our service territories remains robust with four of our jurisdictions in the top 15 states for job growth. We're also seeing strength in the commercial class with sales up 1% over the rolling 12 months, ongoing data center expansions and strength in hospitality and leisure segments helped offset ongoing weakness in retail. Finally, sales in our resident industrial class declined 0.3% on a rolling 12 month basis, an improvement from the 1% decline reported last quarter. Growth in the quarter was driven by strength in the manufacturing of metals rubber and plastics, as well as phosphate and chemical processing. We will monitor over the balance of the year, but overall these retail volume trends along with a healthy economy and growth in our jurisdictions support our long term planning assumption of 0.5% retail load growth for our electric utilities. Turning to slide 10, we were pleased to announce the sale of a minority stake in our commercial renewables business to John Hancock, net proceeds of $415 million will be used to offset long term debt financing needs at the holding company. The minority interest represents approximately 1,200 megawatts of our existing portfolio, and the partnership also allows for co-investment in certain renewables projects in the future. After adjusting for project level debt the $1.25 billion enterprise value is an attractive valuation for a wind heavy portfolio in which we will retain the tax credits. The transaction is modestly accretive to earnings and consistent with our financial plan. John Hancock's investment provides clear validation of the strength of our existing portfolio, and we look forward to working together to deliver long term value for our customers and investors. Closing should occur in the second-half of the year after customary approvals. Now turning to our financing activity, in March, good progress, Duke Energy progress completed its first green bond issuance following a similar issue by Duke Energy Carolinas last November. These bonds help fund our utility's ongoing renewables investments and attract a diverse set of investors. Also in March, Duke Energy Corp issued $1 billion in preferred stock, the largest ever utility preferred issuance, and a testament to investor confidence in our business. These shares provide 50% equity credit with the rating agencies, and fully satisfy the equity content securities target in our 2019 financing plan. As we outlined in February, our 2019 financing plan also includes a $500 million common equity target. And today we have priced or issued approximately half of that amount. Through early April we priced $200 million of equity under a forward contract through our ATM program. We expect to settle this equity forward in the fourth quarter of this year. I'll close with slide 11, our attractive investor value proposition is founded upon our growing dividend which currently yields approximately 4.1%, coupled with earnings growth of 4% to 6% from transparent low risk investments, we offer a compelling risk adjusted total shareholder return of 8% to 10%. Our scale, constructive service areas and ability to execute make Duke Energy a solid long term investment opportunity. With that, let's open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Michael Weinstein from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Lynn Good: Hi, Michael.
Steve Young: Good morning.
Michael Weinstein: Hi. With the one-time true up on the gas side, I mean, gas midstream investment side, is that included in your -- or you including that in your ongoing guidance off the $5 number, 46% off that?
Steve Young: Yes. That's in our adjusted number. We often have adjustments in true ups in the tax arena with taxing authorities. We've typically included them in adjusted earnings.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. I mean, that would imply that there is some other positive offset that's ongoing, right, that makes up for that, I guess -- in the future?
Lynn Good: Yes. Michael, the point I would make is this is the first quarter of the year. You know, we started with some weakness in weather and volumes. We expect those to turn around a bit in the second and third quarter, as we look at the strength of the economy. So I would ask you to think about the full complexion of all the businesses we operate over the full-year, and we will have true ups whether it's in tax or in regulatory, these are things that happen over the course of the year and then developing our plan. We always assume that something will develop as the year progresses. So I’d put it in that context.
Steve Young: Yes. So, we've typically not updated within the range till after the third quarter when we get a feel for where things are going in the weather in that particular quarter.
Michael Weinstein: Got you. Okay. What was the exact size of that?
Steve Young: It was about $0.06.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Lynn Good: Thanks.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Steve Young: Hey. Good morning.
Lynn Good: Hi, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. So perhaps just to focus first on the coal ash side of the equation obviously you've had some developments of late which -- to which you've already referred to in your prepared remarks. I wanted to follow-up a little bit on understanding the range of outcomes and the timeline for providing an updated capital outlook just based on the appeals process that you described at DEQ. It seems like there are some big decisions that have been made of late and obviously taken up seemingly by the governor, et cetera. Can you describe how some of these big variables could move and what that means for this incremental capital?
Lynn Good: Sure. And let me break it down, Julien, and see if this answers your question or we can continue the conversation. The appeal process for the order will take nine to 12 months. There has been a series of dates established by the hearing officer or the administrative law judge. We expect that those dates could move a little bit as people respond whether or not they will be prepared but I think nine to 12 months is a good planning assumption for the appeal process. I think in terms of capitals we've already begun to do some work on the closure costs and as we look at the next five years we believe the order if it stands as written would add about $200 million to $400 million over the five year period. And the reason it is relatively modest is because it will take time for permitting, for finding the land, for constructing the landfill and all of the other costs de-watering and other things that would occur under any closure method, those are already included in our capital plan. So I -- you should think about the majority of this impact being after the five year period giving us plenty of time to evaluate how that fits into affordability, reliability, customer rates and so on. And we'll just continue to update you as it move through the legal process and as we learn more moving forward.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent, just quickly back on the ACP project, appreciate your prepared remarks here as well. Just wanted to understand little bit on the timeline of process here, obviously you need to make strategic decisions and sourcing generation -- supplying generation anyway. I'd be curious on the timeline there to -- that you need to come to terms. And then separately just in terms of the -- with respect to the jeopardy argument and the biological order here, how do you think about timeline and potential overlap with respect to permits and rerouting there as well, given the park permitting issues?
Lynn Good: Sure. And you know, Julien, I would point to two things, maybe three things that we're monitoring. So, the Biological Opinion Incidental Take hearing is today. And as you noted there are discussions around impacts to the biological opinion. This is the Rusty Patched Bumble Bee that you'll probably learn more about and as will we as the court renders their opinion and then a number of questions around the incidental take statement which really challenges are coming in front of the court for a second time. So, these are species that we understand well. We would expect an order within 90 days. And if there is work to do as found by the court then we would expect that to occur over a one to two month period. I'm just estimating that within the construct of what we've seen before from the court, but we'll know more when the order comes out and have an opportunity to give you more specifics on that. So, that's the one thing I would be watching for. The second is the Appalachian Trail that is progressing. A petition seeking the Supreme Court review will be filed this summer. We're optimistic that the government will support. And so we'll see milestones over the course of the summer on that item. And then as you would expect we are continuing discussions with customers which are important part of this project on the status -- on the approach around phase construction Phase 1, Phase 2, Mountains, Buckingham South, revised timeline, revised cost, and those discussions will continue over the course of the year as well. So we'll continue to update you on timeline. We understand we've got some decisions to make depending on how all of these legal challenges play out, we will continue to update you as we learn more and have more transparency on when the construction will begin. We are planning that we'll be able to begin construction later this year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thank you very much. Best of luck.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Julian.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman: Hi, good morning.
Lynn Good: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Young: Good morning.
Steve Fleishman: Hi. So, on the -- first of all, on the South Carolina orders that you referenced, how much coal ash was disallowed in those orders?
Steve Young: There was an amount mentioned in the order of 470 million for -- in the DEC order, I have not looked at the most recent directive. And again I would emphasize I want to wait till I see the full order, and that $470 million number is a system wide number, so the allocation would then have to occur to that number. Now when I look at the full number, and I'm seeing now that's about 330 million is in the DEP order. Again that's a system wide number.
Lynn Good: So you should be thinking, Steve, kind of in the 20% to 30% range for DEP, and for DEC and 10% for DEP.
Steve Fleishman: All those numbers, okay.
Lynn Good: That's right. That's right.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then, can the commission still change its view or are they just - before they put the written order or the written order is just getting the details around what they've already decided?
Lynn Good: So, we would think about it this way, Steve, I think the order that we're expecting to come out you know kind of mid-month, will be further documentation around the directive. And then we have 10 days to file a request for reconsideration, which we intend to do. And then, the commission has about 20 days to respond to that request for reconsideration. So, I think it would be that 20-day period where potential reconsideration of this -- the terms of the directive could occur. We are anxious to read the order because we have very limited information now on all of the -- elements here and the real depth of the legal reasoning that underpins this. So, that is the work that remains and we should expect to see those as I said a moment ago within - within a few weeks. After that reconsideration period that's when we would evaluate appeal. And so, then you'd move through an appeal process with a longer timeline of course to work through the court system.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And I know this is not directly related, but maybe indirectly does this affect any interest you might have in Santee Cooper?
Lynn Good: You know, Steve, we've been a part of the process -- a competitive process I think we've talked about that before. We believe we had a lot to bring to the table for this state whether it's an outright purchase or management of those assets. We've operated in the state for 100 years. Legislation is moving through the state, which we believe will establish a process in a way forward that would include additional due diligence and other things. But I think it's fair to say that we will closely evaluate further investing in the state in light of these directives, but those decisions are yet to be made, we have had a long history in South Carolina, it's been a constructed jurisdiction. But I think with this directive we need to learn a little bit more.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then one separate topic question just on the North Carolina legislation, could you just -- is there any timeline for house ruling on it as the governor had a view, and just how would it actually then turn from a law and being implemented in the case?
Lynn Good: Steve, there is no specific timeline for the legislature in North Carolina. So you can expect it to move through the House over the coming weeks. It's really hard to forecast how long that will take. We believe the strong bipartisan support and sponsorship has been favorable. Certainly, getting it out of the Senate and moving it to the House we have strong bipartisan sponsorship in the House. We believe the policy is very sound. So this is what we will continue to update as progress is made, but it's difficult to forecast a specific timing for the legislation. In terms of implementation, having the legislation in place allows us to include innovative solutions as we move forward with future rate cases, but the timing and approach for that is yet to be determined. So, more to come and we'll, as I said before keep everyone updated as the session progresses.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Thank you.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Caroline Bone from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Caroline Bone: Good morning. And thank you for…
Lynn Good: Hello.
Caroline Bone: Good morning.
Steve Young: Good morning, Caroline.
Caroline Bone: Hi. Okay, great. I was just hoping, I mean Steve actually just asked a few of my questions but I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about how these South Carolina PSC directives might impact your longer term outlook. Does it have, does it push you to the lower end of the growth rate if it were a 9.5% ROE we were to be approved. I'm just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about that.
Lynn Good: Yes. Caroline, I think when we think about the scale that South Carolina represents to do, we believe we're still positioned to grow within the range of 4% to 6% that ROE signal though does indicate to us an important factor in allocating capital as we go forward. And so you know when I talk about growth capital and discretionary capital and other things we will evaluate the placement of our capital based on where it's attractive to invest. And that's a part of our five year cleaning process and we'll have more to say about that both as this appeal progresses and as we share additional refinements to the five year capital plan.
Caroline Bone: All right. Thanks very much. And then…
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Caroline Bone: -- I know you sounded a very confident tone on the ability to achieve your outlook for the commercial renewables business but I was just wondering if you could just help us understand the earnings trajectory this year, how you kind of close the gap between the $13 million earned in Q1 and the $230 million targeted for the full-year?
Lynn Good: Caroline that's a good question. A couple of things I would point to. So if think about our renewables business between operating and wind assets it's about 50% of what we expect and there was a slow start to the year for wind resources. So the $13 million you should not consider to be a normal run rate, but it was reflected or impacted by weather. And then we will bring projects on in the second quarter and later in the year, solar primarily that will impact those numbers. So you've got a shaping issue on commercial renewables that really links to the question that you're asking this morning. Steve, would you add to that?
Steve Young: Yes. So, that's correct, Lynn. And Caroline we're going to bring a couple of projects and they're going to boost the earnings this year, get it up above the $200 million level. And we've got good line aside as Lynn said to 2019 and 2020 earnings and good line of sight overall to 60% of the earnings. The projects will bring in the early part of our five year plan, the solar projects are going to have income recognized in the one-year to two-year period. But just to give you a flavor for it, we've got a lot of longer term wind profile that we're building as well, and a matter to think about is for us to keep the net income level above $200 million through the five-year plan, given that what we've already built in place. We need to close about 250 megawatts to 300 megawatts of solar per year and that's on the one-year to two-year recognition schedule. And I think that's very doable, when you look at the amount of megawatts that we've put together already in 2019 and the CPRE process that will continue throughout. I think we have a good capability in earnings trajectory in commercial renewables.
Caroline Bone: Good. Thanks very much. I appreciate it.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Caroline.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Praful Mehta from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Praful Mehta: Thanks so much. Hi, guys.
Lynn Good: Hi, Praful.
Praful Mehta: Hi. So, may be just staying on commercial renewables, congratulations on your asset transaction or the sale transaction. Just want to get a little bit more control in terms of firstly how competitive the process was because there is a lot going on in that side? And do why keep the tax assets given you are unable to actually utilize them right now given your tax profile, why do you decide to keep the tax assets as the part of that transaction?
Steve Young: Sure, Praful. A couple of comments here, was a competitive process we did seek bids and then narrowed it down to a short list and work from there and Hancock became the best partner providing the best overall value. So it's quite a competitive process and a lot of interest from financials and international, global and so forth. So we feel good about that process. And then, regarding keeping the tax benefits of these assets, Hancock does not have a tax appetite. And what we found is you look out you the people that are pursuing the underlying PPA cash flows they're not looking for the tax attributes people looking for the tax attributes, they are not looking for the underlying cash flow. So it's a logical matching here. So, we'll maintain those tax benefits as we move forward and we've utilized some of those tax benefits to date. You can only sell what's remaining. So we'll still have those to keep in our portfolio.
Praful Mehta: Understood. And is there any plan to do further sales in the commercial renewable side or do you think at this point you kind of have the transaction done for at least the near term?
Steve Young: Well, Hancock has an option on some development projects that could provide further proceeds that have been defined as part of this arrangement and we'll continue to look as we develop projects in the future whether there is interest with our existing partner or others.
Praful Mehta: Got you. Thanks. And then just finally on the effective tax rate point, Q1 effective tax rate was 9.6%, I'm assuming because of that one time that you talked about, but just wanted to clarify that. And then also longer term do you still see that 12% to 14% as something that stays not just in 2019 but going forward through your forecast, or does that change over time?
Steve Young: You're correct, Praful. The quarterly effective tax rate of 9.6% was driven down by the booking of the tax adjustment, and that won't recur in future quarters. I expect by the end of the year we'll be within the 12% to 14% range. I don't want to try to handicap now with all that's in front of us as to whether it's lower than that or where it would be, I'd stick with that for now.
Praful Mehta: Understood. Thanks so much guys.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ali Agha from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ali Agha: Thank you. Good morning.
Lynn Good: Good morning, Ali.
Steve Young: Good morning.
Ali Agha: Good morning. Lynn and Steven, I apologize if you may have addressed this. I did come on a little late on the call. The ROEs that were set on the South Carolina both the rate cases of 9.5% are below obviously what you previously had and below what your budget is for this year of earning you know 10% to 10.5% overall in Carolina ROEs. Just wondering how that impacts or what kind of headwind, earnings headwind does that create, and what are some of the offsets against that?
Lynn Good: Ali, the ROE that you referenced of course is disappointing. There were constructive elements to the order the equity pad of 53%, the amortization of excess deferred taxes. And so as we look at 2019 earnings we always plan for a range of outcomes and believe that the results of this case fit within our planning but as we talked about on the call and in some of the subsequent questions we do intend to request rehearing on the coal ash and the ROE item as well as potentially some others and we're also consider an appeal of the case and the ROE we will have an impact on the way we think about additional growth and discretionary investment.
Ali Agha: I see. And linked to that, Lynn, I mean from historical cases of precedent do you find that you know the ROEs that get said in South Carolina that you see much influence when North Carolina rate cases are dissolved and ROEs are set, is that a good correlation between the two?
Lynn Good: My expectation, Ali, for North Carolina is that they will continue the good work that they've done over many years acting in an independent manner, reviewing the evidence in front of them and we would expect the commission in North Carolina to continue to behave in that fashion. So I think it's premature to reach a conclusion on cases yet to be filed in North Carolina on how South Carolina is going to invoice now.
Ali Agha: I see. Thank you.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: Yes. Hey, guys thanks for taking my question…
Lynn Good: Hi, Michael.
Steve Young: Hi, Michael
Michael Lapides: Hi, Lynn and Steve. Real quick, and you've touched on this I think a little bit. The attorney general's lawsuit, I know you're probably limited in what you can say given its ongoing litigation. Is that just dealing with the last rate case and how is that rate case dealt with coal ash recovery or is that dealing with the broader policy of what is the level - what is the process for coal ash recovery or is the coal ash recovery something that should be recovered at all. I'm a little confused about just kind of the main tenant of that case and whether, it's just a one-off of the last rate case that got resolved by the commission or is it more kind of a policy focused one longer term?
Lynn Good: It's the former, Michael. It is an appeal of the rate case. And so I would -- have you look at it in that context because it's exactly what it is and we believe the order out of North Carolina was very well written, very strongly supported on the regulatory laws in North Carolina, and we'll be vigorously defending that case as you would expect. The timing on that is you know briefing will occur during 2019. We expect a hearing late this year or early next, and then potentially a decision in a six month or so time frame. You may remember the last appeal from the attorney general in North Carolina was on ROE in our last case and that took about two years.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then a follow-up question a little bit on Florida, legislation just passed it sitting on the governor's desk in terms of storm hardening. How do you think that would impact your capital spend plans in Florida, if the governor signs it. And given your rate agreement now would you still qualify for incremental rate increases tied to that legislation or in the near term next two years to four years or do you have to wait for the right deal to kind of expire or roll off?
Lynn Good: Michael, the way I'd think about it is that's very solid policy and legislation that I think will serve Florida well, particularly as you think about storm hardening and resiliency, our multiyear rate plan runs through 2021. So, I would think about that legislation is being impactful to our business after 2021; it really gives us an opportunity to look at how to extend and continue important energy delivery investment. You may recall we've got $1.1 billion being deployed through now and 2021. This would set the contracts for more capital spending beyond that period.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you. And thanks, Steve.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Steve Young: Thank you.
Operator: And I'll now turn the call back over to Lynn Good for any additional or closing remarks.
Lynn Good: Well, thank you, Ally, and thanks to everyone who joined today. We appreciate your interest and investment in Duke Energy. And as always, our team is available for follow-on questions, and look forward to seeing you in the near future. Thanks again for joining.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-14 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Duke Energy Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Callahan, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Callahan: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining Duke Energy’s fourth quarter 2018 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chairman, President and CEO; along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today’s discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide 2 presents the safe harbor statement, which accompanies our presentation materials. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on duke-energy.com and in today’s materials. Please note the appendix for today’s presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Mike, thank you and good morning everyone. Before we share detail on our results, I wanted to take a moment to acknowledge that this is our first earnings call since the passing of Jim Rogers. Jim was a transformational leader who served with a boundless passion and helped shape the future of our Company and the energy industry. He will be deeply missed. Now, as Jim would have wanted, let’s move on to our business agenda. Today we announced adjusted earnings per share of $4.72, closing out a successful 2018. We achieved results in the top half of our original 2018 guidance range while also delivering constructive regulatory outcomes and outstanding operational performance through hurricanes Florence and Michael. We also announced our 2019 adjusted EPS guidance range of $4.80 to $5.20. The $5 midpoint of this range is consistent with our previous guidance for this upcoming year. This growth reflects the strength of our regulated utility franchises, a robust capital plan and recovery mechanisms that will deliver reliable and affordable energy to our customers and returns to our shareholders. We are extending our 4% to 6% growth rate through 2023 off the midpoint of our 2019 guidance range. This update in our [base yea] reflects the near-term impact of delays in Atlantic Coast Pipeline, which I will discuss further in a moment. We remain confident in the strength of our core businesses and the ability to grow with investments that deliver value to our customers and our shareholders. Our focus remains on execution and I’d like to begin by highlighting our success in 2018. Slide 4 reinforces our ability to deliver. 2018 marked another year of outstanding performance across the Company with strong financial results, constructive regulatory outcomes and operational excellence. In addition to meeting our earnings commitments, we continued to grow the dividend in 2018, increasing it more than 4%. We also addressed the impact of tax reform. We achieved fair regulatory treatment across our jurisdictions providing benefits for customers while maintaining the utility’s credit quality. We also issued $2 billion in common equity to further support our balance sheet. We were very active in the regulatory space during 2018. We received constructive orders in our North Carolina rate cases including coal ash cost recovery and completed rate cases for our electric utilities in Ohio and Kentucky. We also filed base rate cases in South Carolina. And as always, we remained focused on safety. We maintained our industry-leading safety performance for yet another year as well as operational excellence in the face of significant damage from Hurricanes Florence and Michael. Between the two storms, we restored 3 million outages and responded to flooding in many of our facilities due to historic rainfall. With our extensive preparation work and quick response efforts, we kept our infrastructure well protected. And despite the safe shutdown of the Brunswick Power Station during Hurricane Florence, our nuclear team achieved a capacity factor above 90% for the 20th consecutive year. This exceptional response was recognized by our industry as we were awarded EEI’s Emergency Recovery Award and I’m very proud of our employees resolve and tireless effort to restore power to the most devastated areas across the Carolinas and Florida. Finally, last month, we were named to Fortune magazine’s 2019 list of the World’s Most Admired Companies for the second consecutive year, underscoring that we’re on the right path as we deliver value to customers and shareholders. As we look ahead to 2019 and beyond, Slide 5, emphasizes the strength of the Duke Energy portfolio and the growth profile we have ahead of us. Our diverse highly regulated infrastructure investments are at the core of our robust capital plan. Over 90% of our growth capital will be spent over the next five years across our regulated electric and gas businesses driving strong earnings based growth. These investments are consistent with our strategic vision for our Company in this period of transformation. Slide 6 depicts the strategic framework that we began sharing with you two years ago and since then we’ve made meaningful strides to modernize the grid, generate cleaner energy and expand natural gas infrastructure. We’ve engaged stakeholders to find solutions as the pace of change in our industry accelerates and we continue our work to modernize cost recovery mechanisms to better align with our investments. Our focus in these areas as well as maintaining our history of strong safety and operational performance enables us to transform the customer experience and deliver value to shareholders. Let me share an update on the progress we’ve made executing our strategy. Moving to Slide 7, we continue to modernize our grid, which is the largest [P&D] system in the US with over 300,000 line miles across our service areas. We have outlined grid improvement plans in each of our jurisdictions to increase reliability, improve security, offer more options to customers and enable distributed generation. From smart meters to self-healing grid technologies, we are establishing the foundation for a more intelligent delivery system that provides more information such as usage and outage alerts and minimizes power interruptions. More than 62% of our customers across all six states now have smart meters, keeping us on track to meet our goal of 100% installation by 2021. We’re also making greater use of battery storage. We announced plans to invest $500 million in storage in the Carolinas over the next 15 years and we’ll maximize the versatility of this technology. Beyond storing and dispatching energy, we will include other system advantages such as supporting electric vehicles. We have an EV pilot program in Florida and our advancing programs in other jurisdictions. For regulatory treatment of our grid costs, we have rider mechanisms in the Midwest and a multi-year rate plan in Florida, both efficient methods for recovering our investments. We are also making progress to modernize how we recover costs associated with these investments in the Carolinas. In South Carolina, the commission approved our deferral requests for certain grid investments. We have since filed rate cases for our DEC and DEP utilities. Our request includes multi-year rate plans to efficiently recover our grid improvement investments while providing rate certainty for customers. In North Carolina, the DEC rate case order provided additional guidance. It stated the commission encourages ongoing grid investments and staying up-to-date on the latest technology, but they lack statutory authority to approve our requested grid rider. This feedback is useful as we continue our stakeholder engagement during the legislative session of the General Assembly currently under way. We are committed to advocating for reasonable solutions and we look forward to working collaboratively with stakeholders over the coming months. Our customers want a smarter energy future and our grid improvements will deliver just that. Moving to Slide 8, let me share an update on how we’re reducing our environmental footprint. We have outlined plans to reduce our carbon emissions by 40% by 2030. This target is consistent with a pathway to achieving a 2-degree scenario and we are well on our way to meeting our goal. We’ve retired more than 6 gigawatts of coal generation since 2011 including to two Crystal River Units in Florida retired in December. Over the next six years, we plan to retire another 1,200 megawatts of coal generation and replace it with lower carbon alternatives such as renewables and natural gas fire facilities. In 2018, we put both our W.S. Lee and Citrus County combined cycle plants into service and our Western Carolinas Modernization Project is on track for a late 2019 [in-service date]. These plants enable us to serve our Carolinas and Florida customers with cleaner, more efficient energy. In addition, our 11 nuclear units are fundamental to providing carbon-free generation to our Carolinas customers and essential to our long-term carbon reduction goals. As we look forward, we are evaluating subsequent license renewal for these facilities for an additional 20 years to continue serving customers with the reliable service they expect. And finally, we have a strong commitment to renewables and continue to invest in both our regulated and commercial renewables businesses. In Florida, we are building up to 700 megawatts of solar under our existing settlement agreement including our Hamilton plant that came online in late 2018. New rates were effective in January as approved under the Solar Base Rate Adjustment mechanism. In North Carolina, we are actively participating in the ongoing RFP process for 680 megawatts of solar energy under House Bill 589. Our regulated and commercial renewables businesses submitted competitive bids and we expect to be notified of the results in March. Projects will be placed in service by January 2021. Beyond the opportunity in North Carolina, our commercial renewables business is seeing strong demand for utility scale wind and solar projects across the US and is well-positioned to capture a meaningful share. We have visibility to a strong pipeline of future projects including over a 1,000 megawatts in late stages of development. This includes the recently announced 100 megawatt Lapetus solar project due to come online in the fourth quarter. The business successfully began using tax equity financing for new projects including our Shoreham Solar facility in New York that went into service last July. We will continue using tax equity to finance future projects. We also continue to seek a minority partner for our existing wind and solar portfolio as we look to recycle and reinvest capital from our assets. We have received interest from a number of bidders and if we are able to reach an agreement, expect to announce the transaction this spring and close this summer. We expect to use proceeds to displace future debt issuance needs. Moving to Slide 9, natural gas will play a major role in a cleaner energy future and we are leveraging the overlap between our electric and gas businesses to provide better service to our customers. Our LDCs have strong customer growth and with decoupling and other non-volumetric mechanisms in place, this growth translates into higher margins. The gas utilities also have solid capital investment opportunities consistent with our priority to deliver safe, reliable service, we continue to invest in integrity management. Piedmont is also providing the infrastructure to deliver gas for our dual-fuel projects at the Belews Creek and Marshall coal-fired facilities, which are expected to be completed over the next three years. We will use coal firing of natural gas at these plants in a similar project recently completed at the Rogers facility to reduce our carbon emissions and increase our flexibility to manage costs. Finally, we began construction this year on our $250 million Robeson LNG facility, which we expect to begin serving customers in 2021. These projects demonstrate the complementary nature of our franchises and advantages of joint planning to provide savings to customers. Moving to Slide 10, let me update you on the status of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline. We remain committed to this project and the critically important benefits the pipeline brings to our region. Our Carolinas service territories are currently served by only one major interstate pipeline. ACP will bring needed diversity of supply by adding a second interstate pipeline with access to lower cost Marcellus and Utica gas. It will provide system pressure to Piedmont’s distribution network in the eastern part of North Carolina allowing for cost effective service to new customers. And ACP will provide important infrastructure in an underserved area, increasing economic development in this part of the state. Over the last year, we have made significant progress working with state and federal agencies to complete permitting for the project. In 2018, we received major permits from the North Carolina and Virginia Departments of Environmental Quality. We also recently received the air permit for the Buckingham Compressor Station in Central Virginia. In the fourth quarter of 2018, there were a number of developments that impacted the project’s scheduling cost. These developments include rulings from the 4th Circuit Court of Appeals on the Biological Opinion and the permit to cross under the Appalachian Trail. We are working diligently with our project partners to resolve these specific issues in the federal courts to resume construction as soon as possible. We expect a hearing at the 4th Circuit related to the Biological Opinion to take place in May. It is possible this issue could be resolved by the third quarter allowing construction to resume on Phase 1 of the pipeline route. Separately, the 4th Circuit vacated the US Forest Service permit for the pipeline to cross under the Appalachian Trail, stating the agency lacks jurisdiction to approve the crossing. We strongly disagree with the court’s decision on this matter, which is counter to decades of pipeline crossings beneath the trail. ACP and the Department of Justice have requested an en banc review of this decision with the fall 15-member court. We expect to hear in the next few weeks if the court will hear our petition. In addition, various paths exist to address this issue including the judicial path already being pursued as well as legislative changes or federal administrative action. Given the current delays, we’ve adjusted estimates for project schedule and cost. Our overall timeline assumes we’re able to resume construction this fall and have the entire project in service in 2021. We will pursue putting the pipeline in service in phases with the Phase 1 portion in service in late 2020. After successful conclusion of the Appalachian Trail matter including a potential appeal to the US Supreme Court, the Phase 2 portion will be completed the following year. Should resolution of the challenges currently before the court proceed more quickly, this timeline could advance. This new timeline also entails an increase in project costs, now estimated between $7 billion and $7.8 billion and as a reminder, Duke’s share of these costs is 47%. We will continue to provide updates throughout the balance of this year on this important project. Before I turn it over to Steve, I want to close by recognizing the Duke team for another year of strong execution. We delivered on our 2018 commitment. We addressed challenges that came our way with two historic hurricanes and court actions on the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and we are clear on the growth and value we will deliver in the future. With a portfolio of well-positioned utilities supported by customer growth, a robust capital plan and constructive regulatory outcomes and a solid growing dividend, Duke Energy is positioned to deliver value to our customers and strong returns to our investors. Now, let me turn the call over to Steve.
Steven Young: Thanks, Lynn and good morning everyone. 2018 was a solid year for the Company. As shown on Slide 11, our full year adjusted earnings per share of $4.72 was in the top half of our original 2018 guidance range and well within the narrowed range we provided in November. For the year, our electric utilities grew from higher pricing and rider revenues, including a partial year’s contribution from the North Carolina rate cases. In addition, load growth was very strong and we had positive results in O&M from our continued cost management efforts. Weather was favorable for the year, but was partially offset by higher storm costs from a very active hurricane season. Finally, our electric utilities saw higher depreciation and amortization on a growing asset base. Our gas segment also contributed to year-over-year growth driven by Piedmont’s margin contribution and as Lynn mentioned, we closed on our first tax equity finance solar project this year, driving higher earnings in commercial renewables. As expected, a lower [tax yield] on holding company interest as a result of the Tax Act partially offset the growth at our operating segments. Overall, we are pleased with the strong execution across the Company. Looking ahead, we’ve set our 2019 adjusted earnings per share guidance range at $4.80 to $5.20 per share with a $5 midpoint. This represents 6% growth over 2018 and is consistent with the guidance we previously provided, demonstrating our commitment to achieving our earnings objectives. We’ve put together a strong plan for 2019. Earnings will be supported by our investment programs and associated recovery activities across our utilities as well as new projects in commercial renewables. In addition, we expect load growth, continued cost management efforts and ongoing AFUDC associated with the Atlantic Coast Pipeline to contribute to our results. Turning to Slide 12, we’ve extended our long term earnings growth expectation of 4% to 6% per year through 2023. This is based off the midpoint of our 2019 EPS guidance range of $5 per share. Our growth over the next five years will be supported by a $37 billion growth capital plan, one of the largest in our industry. These investments will drive strong earnings base growth for our electric and gas businesses supporting our earnings growth objectives. Approximately half of our capital plan is committed to our energy grid investments at the electric utilities including expansion of services to new customers and our ongoing efforts to strengthen the grid. We will also continue to invest in our regulated nuclear units and transition our generation fleet to cleaner energy sources such as natural gas and renewables. We plan to continue renewables development in both our electric utilities and commercial business. In commercial, we have increased our capital investment to reflect the strong demand for projects in this business and we’ll continue to utilize tax equity financing on new development projects. In our gas segment, our LDC investments will support new gas infrastructure such as the Robeson LNG project, new customer additions and integrity management. For our midstream business, ACP will continue to drive earnings growth. Our investments remain aligned with our vision to modernize the energy grid, generate cleaner energy and expand natural gas infrastructure. We will also strategically deploy capital, optimizing timing of our investments and minimizing regulatory lag. Turning to Slide 13, let me highlight a few trends we’re seeing across the business that further support our earnings objectives. As noted on previous calls, our service territories are greatly benefiting from the population migration to the southeast. Customer growth in our jurisdictions remain strong and for the first time in six years, we saw an overall increase in usage per residential customer in our electric utilities. Within the commercial class, ongoing data center expansion and strength in hospitality and other services further supported growth. These factors drove retail electric load growth of 0.9% in 2018. We are encouraged by these results and we’ll monitor these trends moving forward. We continue to assume 0.5% annual retail load growth throughout the five-year financial plan. We also remain focused on managing our cost structure. We have demonstrated strong capabilities in this area over the last five years, offsetting inflation and absorbing an increase from the Piedmont acquisition, to keep non-recoverable O&M costs flat. Moving forward, we will continue implementing digital solutions to streamline and automate processes including the use of new technology and data analytics to keep O&M flat over the next five years. Our cost management and capital optimization strategy is underpinned by our ability to align spend with customer needs and the expected regulatory calendar in order to minimize lag and earn our allowed ROEs. As you can see on Slide 14, our utilities maintain healthy ROEs and we expect this to continue as we execute on our regulatory calendar and recover our investments. We have modern regulatory recovery mechanisms in place in many jurisdictions. In Florida, customers and investors benefit from the predictability of the multi-year rate plan, which went into effect January 1st and lasts through 2021. In Ohio, the commission approved our global settlement in late December, providing clarity for our grid improvement program through 2025. As we look ahead, we expect significant rate case activity in 2019. We intend to file for updated rates at our Indiana, Piedmont Natural Gas, and DEP North Carolina utilities. We are also evaluating a rate case for DEC North Carolina. In South Carolina, we expect to complete the pending base rate cases that we filed last November. Evidentiary hearings are set for March 21st and April 11th for DEC and DEP respectively. If approved by the commission, we requested rates effective June 1st for both cases. As Lynn mentioned earlier, we have asked the commission to approve multi-year rate plans to support our investment programs. We look forward to working with relevant stakeholders to achieve constructive outcomes for our customers and investors. Moving to Slide 15, let me walk you through our 2019 financing plan. We are committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet, which supports our credit ratings and ability to efficiently fund our [$50 billion] capital plan. Given a growing body of investment opportunities and hurricane-related financing needs as well as ACP delays, which particularly affect our 2020 outlook, we’ve modestly increased our expected equity financing by $150 million per year. We expect to issue our annual equity amounts through a combination of our DRIP and ATM programs. Our planned equity issuances combined with our investment recovery strategy support our credit metrics over the planning horizon. Also, recall that our FFO-to-debt ratio is further supported by our refundable AMT credits, which we expect to receive between 2019 and 2022. We believe this financing plan prudently manages the balance sheet to support Duke Energy’s credit quality and maintain financial flexibility as we execute our long-term strategy. Shifting to Slide 16, we understand the value of the dividend to our shareholders. 2019 marks the 93rd consecutive year of paying a quarterly cash dividend and we remain committed to continue growing the dividend in the future. We finished 2018 with a dividend payout ratio above [75%]. As we have said previously, our aspiration is to reduce that payout ratio over time, more in line with our peers, particularly given our robust capital plan. Over the near-term, we will moderate our dividend growth to better position ourselves within a payout ratio range of 65% to 75%, trending to the midpoint of this range over the five-year period. We believe this additional flexibility positions the Company for sustainable dividend and earnings growth over the long-term, while maintaining the strength of our balance sheet. Before we open it up for questions, let me turn to Slide 17. Our attractive dividend yield coupled with earnings growth from investments in our regulated utilities provide a compelling risk-adjusted return for shareholders. We have a history of operational excellence and an achievable financial plan making Duke Energy a solid long-term investment opportunity. We are positioned to deliver results for both customers and shareholders and are confident in the plan we have for 2019 and beyond. With that, we’ll open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will now take our first question from Greg Gordon, Evercore ISI. Please go ahead sir.
Greg Gordon: Hello good morning.
Lynn Good: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon: A couple of questions. When -- looking at the earnings guidance, one, I noticed that there’s a significant increase in expected earnings contribution from the commercial renewables segment ‘19 over ‘18. So can you talk about how you’re driving that? Is that from taking in ITCs or is that just a big step up in expected investment in getting plants online. And then the second question as it relates to that is if I look at the overall expectation for what AFUDC earnings were going to be from ACP in [‘19 reported] low versus now, how much of a change was that, that you had to overcome?
Lynn Good: Sure. Greg thanks. On commercial renewables, we have just seen a lot of market opportunity and as we look back at our history in this business, there are times as customers not only have an interest in renewables, but there is interest in pursuing the tax credits to a great extent. We’ve seen a bit of a cyclical nature to this and has had a good track record in pursuing and achieving wins with a number of these projects. So, you’re seeing the benefit of that in 2019. It includes both wind and solar projects and we have the majority of what is reflected in 2019 guidance already committed based upon work that the team has had under way in 2018. So, I think about the portfolio of businesses that we operate, commercial is a part of them and when we have an opportunity to pursue growth, we do that and you’re seeing that in 2019. I think when you look at allowance for funds, one of the other things to keep in mind on allowance for funds trend is we did put a large capital project in service at the end of ‘18, that’s Citrus and so some of the trend line that you see between 2018 and 2019 is a result of that in-service date of that generating station. I think in terms of Atlantic Coast Pipeline, there’s no question that even as early as four months ago, we were expecting more capital to be deployed in ‘19. You may remember when we talked in November, we were projecting an in-service in ‘19 for part of the project and the rest in 2020. So, we have a slowdown in that spending, that resulted from some of the court decisions in December and we have reflected that in our guidance. We continue to remain committed to the plan and we’ll work through this -- committed to the project, but I think we have some work to do around the core challenges in order to get construction going again.
Greg Gordon: Okay, just a follow-up on the first answer. So, the pace of activity is higher and that’s fantastic. Congrats on that, on the renewables segment, but is the earnings contribution partially driven by monetization of tax credits either ITCs or through tax equity and then is that what’s driving the big increase?
Lynn Good: Sure. There’s certainly tax equity included in those results. Greg, you may recall that we’ve been talking about tax equity as we had more clarity from tax reform on what our own tax position was. We have been pursuing tax equity. We’ve closed our first project in July and have continued and plan to continue using that technique as we go forward. And so what you see in ‘19 is not only a combination -- not only investment tax credit related to solar, but there’s also wind in those numbers.
Greg Gordon: Okay. I’ve got more questions, but I’ll go to the back of the queue. Thanks, bye.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Michael Weinstein of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Lynn Good: Good morning, Michael.
Steven Young: Hey Mike.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, Lynn. Good morning. Hey, just a follow-up on Greg’s question, so when you take in tax equity, you’re booking that as earnings, is that true?
Lynn Good: Steve, you want to talk about tax equity.
Steven Young: Yes, the utilization of tax equity in the financing does guide you to certain accounting rules and on most of these renewable projects, whether it’s tax equity or not, a lot of the recognition of the earnings is driven by the tax benefits, which is in the early stages of the project. Tax equity doesn’t change any of that. The tax equity structures however do vary and how quickly income is recognized in solar and wind projects. So, it’s not all upfront necessarily, but most of these renewables projects certainly with tax equity and also without are going to have earnings recognition in the early years depending on PTCs or ITCs.
Michael Weinstein: Got you. Is there -- can you quantify how much of the $230 million is from tax equity and tax credits? And then related question to that is the guidance going forward fpr 4% to 6% through 2023, is how much -- what happens to the commercial renewable segment during that period? Is this a contributor to that 4% to 6% or as tax credits perhaps fall off, is that a subtractor from it? And maybe you can fill us in on that.
Lynn Good: Yes, Mike, I would respond to the first part of the questions by saying tax attributes are an important part of the net income for anyone who invests in renewables. So, you should think about it that way. And I think over the five-year period, we see commercial renewables, based on the pipeline that’s in front of us having a more meaningful impact in the early part of the plan and then I would think about over the longer-term, our approach being opportunistic. Again, if we see demand, we’ll pursue it, but we really look at this business as being complementary to the 4% to 6% growth that we’re driving in the utilities.
Michael Weinstein: Another -- just one more question on earnings growth. Are you -- did you actually quantify how much of the AFUDC drop off in 2019 is impacting earnings?
Lynn Good: All of the AFUDC. I’m not sure I understand the question. Michael, could you do that again?
Michael Weinstein: What’s the cents per share impact of that?
Steven Young: It’s approximately $0.05 that we’re seeing from the lower spend pattern that we’re estimating...
Lynn Good: This is Atlantic Coast Pipeline.
Michael Callahan: Atlantic Coast Pipeline. That’s correct. And a rule of thumb on Atlantic Coast Pipeline is that it provides about $0.05 of earnings -- AFUDC earnings per quarter, but we’re seeing the slower spend impact by about $0.05 and we’re working through that with our guidance the $5 we’ve accounted for that.
Michael Weinstein: Also, you said that rate base growth is 6% going forward and you used to talk about 7% as a result of tax reform from the return of excess deferred taxes. Is that still a possibility -- is there is still -- is it just that the return of excess deferred tax is slower in the early years and that’s why you’re still at 6% or is 7% still possible?
Lynn Good: Mike, I think there’s always upside potential on regulated investment. We just progressed our guidance a year forward and 6% we believe is a good planning assumption. We have -- we focus on the ‘19, ‘20, ‘21 most heavily and will continue to develop and originate investments into ‘21 or I’m sorry ‘22, ‘23, but I think 6% is a really solid plan and we do have upside potential.
Steven Young: And Mike, I think some of the math here comes into play. When you’ve got a starting year that does not have the effect of tax reform in it and then you’ve got a change such as we saw in the out years that can lead to a higher percent. It depends on what year you’re starting. If you’re starting with a year that has the impact of tax reform layering in throughout the period, that can affect the percent, but as Lynn said, our early years have very strong growth typically the out years, we develop as we move along and 6% is a good number for our rate base growth.
Michael Weinstein: Thanks a lot for the update.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead sir.
Jonathan Arnold: Good morning guys.
Lynn Good: Good morning.
Steven Young: Good morning.
Jonathan Arnold: Quick question just on -- I understand you’ve rebased the starting point for the 4% to 6% growth to $5, but you were saying before that you’ve expected to sort of dip below off of the original base and then kind of get sort of to the high-end at the end of the plan. It doesn’t seem to be what you’re saying now off the new base. So I just want to clarify whether we should still be thinking that or whether it’s more sort of middle of the range would be a core assumption from this new base?
Lynn Good: Jonathan, we committed to delivering at the low-end of the range for ‘19 and we’ve done that by hitting the $5 and then we’ve set 4% to 6% off of $5, which is within that guidance range we had talked about previously, but certainly the midpoint has been affected by the near-term uncertainty around Atlantic Coast Pipeline, both the scheduled delay and the cost increase. And so as we look at 2019, if Atlantic Coast Pipeline goes quickly, we do still have the potential to get to the high-end of the range in ‘20, but we believe a planning assumption within that range is more realistic until we can work through these legal challenges. So, we just thought it was appropriate given where we are with that project to reset the base, but I think it’s -- there’s a great deal of overlap between what we’ve given you here and where we were previously and we continue to believe strongly that we have a strong growth plan that we’ve put in front of you.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay and then just a quick housekeeping one. I noticed you had a fairly sizable write-off at the Citrus County in the fourth quarter. Why would that be?
Lynn Good: We have -- we’re in the middle of a contractual -- finalizing a contractual dispute with Fluor. Jonathan, you may have seen some press coverage of this as they have been finalizing that project. We are in the middle of this and from an accounting standpoint, recognized exposure, but that isn’t the end of the story. We still have legal remedies that we’re pursuing that we would expect to resolve in 2019.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Thank you, Lynn and then just one other thing, it has been reported I think in the press and also exciting Duke spokesperson that you’re one of the bidders pursuing Santee Cooper. I just wonder if you could speak to that at all and specifically what your criteria would be and just remembering back to Piedmont, you’d talked about it being very unique and adjacent and therefore something that was very high priority for the Company, so I’m just curious if you have any comments.
Lynn Good: Jonathan, throughout the process that South Carolina has undertaken, our objective has been to support the state and the state has called for and been actively seeking investment interests in Santee Cooper. We are one of the four parties that has met the qualifications. We have submitted a couple of proposals for the state to consider, but I would also say this is very early stage. There’s a law that needs to be passed, the General Assembly needs to make some decisions and that could take some time here in 2019. So, we remain committed to our organic growth plan and supporting the state of South Carolina as they look at alternatives.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. I think I’ll leave it there. Thanks very much guys.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Jonathan.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Shahriar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, good morning guys.
Lynn Good: Hi Shar.
Steven Young: Hey Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Most of my questions were answered, but Steve let me let me ask you, because you talked about sort of the drag from sort of the AFUDC and the pushing out of ACP. Does sort of your current outlook include refunds from the unprotected add it that could potentially have an effect of actually sort of raising the rate base? So I’m kind of curious, I mean we’ve -- obviously if you look at the guidance now and the rebasing, it looks somewhat a little bit lower than the sort of the prior guide, how is sort of the refunds of unprotected added, how does that sort of play into the growth picture?
Steven Young:  Well, yes, Shar, we have worked with our regulatory commissions in the various states on the handling of income tax refunds related to the Tax Act and the excess deferred tax flow backs and that’s incorporated into our plan, it’ll vary per jurisdiction. Some states are giving it back over a 10-year period. Some states are offsetting it with other types of costs such as storm cost in Florida, but that’s being weaved through the plan and that does have the impact of raising rate base as well and we do have that as a growth item in our rate base that we’ve talked about in the past. So that’s in there.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, so that’s in there. Okay and then Lynn I know you’re working through a legislation around sort of grid mod and how to sort of think about potentially getting a rider mechanism, but assuming legislation doesn’t sort of time the well the way you’re anticipating, you guys are going to be in for serial filings on an annual basis. So, how should we sort of think about the spending of that profile, assuming that you don’t get legislation, maybe the commission approves trackers, but if you don’t and you’re going to be in rate cases, do you see sort of -- any sort of downside to that grid mod spend?
Lynn Good: Shar, I think the capital we’ve put in front of you is capital that we would spend under the rate case scenario as well. So, we have contemplated both scenarios in our long-term guidance. So I don’t see a lot of downside to grid spend as a result of what you’re describing.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Got it and just lastly on Santee Cooper, obviously the bids are confidential, but can you just maybe elaborate whether there would be an interest to do a management service agreement around that system versus an outright acquisition?
Lynn Good: So, Shar, we have looked at both of those and have put proposals on the table that would accomplish both objectives.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. All right. Thanks guys.
Lynn Good: Thank you so much.
Steven Young: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning everyone.
Lynn Good: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So just a few clarifications of some prior questions here. Just starting out on the commercial renewables spending plan, is that mostly contemplated to be solar just as we start to calibrate our models on future tax credits. Obviously ITC versus PTC and then also just given the differing accounting treatments, that’s a one year accounting on the ITC not five-year, right?
Lynn Good: Let me catch up on that for a moment, Julien. There’s a mix of solar and wind in both ‘19 and ‘20. I would say a [little heavy] of solar in ‘19, but a mix of both in both years and under the accounting model that Steve was talking about before, you do have an opportunity for a range of recognition, two years to seven I think on solar and then PTC. So, Steve you want to add to that?
Steven Young: Well, that’s right. What Lynn referred to is correct. You can structure the solar deals with tax equity so that the income recognition can be spread over one year to seven years as an example and we’ll do what suits us and makes the most sense to us in that situation. The wind projects, the PTC recognition is typically over the seven year period.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right, and just to go back to the question about what’s reflected in the outlook that maybe squaring the last question, the procurement that you talked about, I believe, North Carolina earlier up to 800 megawatts. Is that contemplated in the outlook that you’re disclosing now first. And then separately with respect to that also just curious is that all outside or within the utility, just with respect to where you’re allowed or intend to participate from?
Lynn Good: So on HB -- HB589, I think Julien is your question for North Carolina. So, we have over the five-year period, put some additional capital in commercial renewables reflecting the potential impact of 589 and all of that capital is sitting in commercial renewables. So, you may, if you compare back to last year, you’ll see about [$1 billion] more, which is reflecting of not only market conditions, but also what we hope to pursue in North Carolina.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thank you. And then one quick clarification here, the ACP range that you’ve delineated $7 billion to $7.8 billion. I think that’s slightly different than what Dominion talked about $7 billion to $7.5 billion, I know this will pick you, but just curious. Any slight changes or is this more about the configuration that you guys are thinking about?
Lynn Good: Julien I appreciate that question because it’s right on top of what Dominion disclosed. They just talked about it in two phases. So $7 billion to $7.5 billion, assuming more timely resolution of the Appalachian Trail. If the Appalachian Trail goes to the Supreme Court, they said another couple of hundred million. All we did was put up the whole range together.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Understood. Thank you for the clarification.
Lynn Good: Yes, right on top of Dominion.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thanks.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Praful Mehta of Citibank. Please go ahead.
Praful Mehta: Thanks so much. Hi guys.
Lynn Good: Good morning.
Steven Young: Hello.
Praful Mehta: Good morning. Hi. So maybe with all the earnings questions addressed mostly, maybe we touch on credit. As we look at Slide 15, firstly you talked about equity issuances going up a little bit through the plan. Is that driven by pressure from the agencies to kind of shore up the credit a little bit? Or can you just give us a little bit more color of what specifically was driving the increase in equity need?
Lynn Good: So Praful, we are committed to our ratings, we’ve demonstrated that with our response to tax reform and as we look at the increase in cost in Atlantic Coast Pipeline that we’re projecting as well as the fact that we spent $1 billion this year on storm response. We thought it was appropriate to bring some additional equity into the plan in the form of the DRIP and ATM. This gives us some flexibility for uncertainty and we’ve also talked about the fact that we will consider pursuing securitization of the storm cost as well, which we think is positive for credit. So, all of this is within the context of maintaining the commitment to our balance sheet while also responding to impacts to the business.
Praful Mehta: Got you. That’s super helpful then. So in terms of the FFO-to-debt metric, then as I look at again Slide 15, the AMT credit I’m assuming is helping support the credit and the FFO-to-debt through the 2020 time frame, but it seems to be going up even though the AMT is rolling off by ‘22. So just wanted to understand like what’s driving the uptick in FFO-to-debt in that ‘21 to ‘23 time frame, even though AMT is in fact rolling off during that same period?
Lynn Good: Sure, Steve you want to take that?
Steven Young: Sure. Praful, a couple of things are happening here. Number one, we’ve got the exploration or the conclusion of the heavy spend on coal-ash in the Carolinas that will end essentially in ‘19 and then that spend level will drop. So as you get coal-ash expenditures built into rates and the actual cash expenditures go down, that can certainly help cash flows. In Florida, we’ve had in 2018, three generation projects: Citrus County, Osprey, Hines Chillers go into rates. So those will turn into cash annuities as well. In 2019, we will complete the Western Carolinas modernization project and get that into rates and that’s over a $1 billion of investment. So we’ve got a number of activities that are aligned there. Additionally, when Atlantic Coast Pipeline goes into service that’ll – [in 2021] in that time frame, when that’s completed, that’ll turn into a strong cash annuity. So, we’ve got some big projects rolling through rates that’ll help push up FFO.
Praful Mehta: Got you. Perfect. And then just finally just clarifying in 2020, the increase in Holdco debt, is that driven by the increase in commercial renewable investment that’s funded by parent debt or is there something else driving the 33% to 34% Holdco debt in 2020 time frame?
Steven Young: Well, I think you’ve got a couple of things going on here. You’ve got certainly the delay in ACP, so that puts some pressure there. We’ve got expansion of the commercial renewables as well. Those types of issues as we have lag on recovering hurricane cost of over $1 billion that can put some stress on holding company debt as well. So those are some things I’d point to.
Lynn Good: Yes and Praful, I wouldn’t point to any single item. I think this is kind of just the financing of the whole picture including, the results of ‘18 and what we’re looking at for ‘19.
Praful Mehta: Understood. Again, thanks so much guys.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Steven Young: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys thanks for taking my question. One or two just minor items when I think about the commercial renewable business. How do you think about what’s the right scale and size of this business, meaning relative to everything else. When you’re thinking longer-term and kind of what you want that business to look like relative to the core regulated subsidiaries?
Lynn Good: Michael, I would say it’s complementary, but given the size of the regulated businesses we operate on electric and gas, it will always be a modest contributor. We’re talking about $200 million of net income. So we’ll continue to grow it opportunistically. We think it’s, there’s an incredible wave of support for renewables. We think it’s the growing part of the generation portfolio in the US, we want to be a part of it, but it will take a long time for it to have a meaningful percentage impact on the portfolio of the Company, given the size and the growth profile of what else we operate.
Michael Lapides: Got it, but when you think about the commercial renewable business and its growth rate that’s embedded in your multi-year four or five-year EPS growth rate guidance, do you assume that, that business like the gas utility and pipeline business grows at a faster rate than the core electric utilities? Does it grow more in line with the electrics or beneath that? I’m just trying to -- I’m trying to parse a little bit about what’s in the guidance levels?
Lynn Good: Yes, so it grows faster in the short-term part of the plan, Michael, and levels off in the back part. By the time 2023 rolls around, we begin to enter a period where we have some wind projects reaching their PTC expiration. So, I would think about it as being a stronger contributor in the front end than the back end.
Michael Lapides: Got it and then last one just curious tax rate and guidance seems to be a little bit on the low side. Is that anything at the Utilities or is that all -- and I think someone touched that. Is that all just related to tax credits as you bring assets in the service on the commercial renewable side? And then should we assume that tax rate stays at that -- consolidated tax rate stays at that level through the whole guidance period or does it creep up over time?
Steven Young: Michael, the tax rate could change over time. We’ve lowered it because primarily to give back of EBIT. We’re starting to push those taxes back through to rates in our various jurisdictions and that’ll push the effective tax rate down. Now there’s an offset in revenues as you give these taxes back and lower rates, but it will change the effective tax rate. Now the addition of renewables and the credits associated with that will also push it down, but a player in here is the excess deferred taxes that are being given back. So as we move through time, we’ll look at how that excess deferred are giving back whether that’s ratable or whether there’s fluctuations in that and those types of things plus the renewables cycling up or down, those things could push the effective tax rate around a bit.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, much appreciated.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Andrew Weisel of Scotia Howard Weil. Please go ahead, sir.
Lynn Good: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: Good morning.
Steven Young: Good morning.
Andrew Weisel: My first question is on the outlook for CapEx and midstream. How much of that is more than just -- of [$2.9 billion] included. How much of that is more than just the main ACP. In other words, do you have expansions at ACP? Do you have other greenfield projects? What else is in that bucket please?
Lynn Good: It’s primarily ACP, Andrew. We’ve actually dialed back in this five-year plan expansion capital until we have a better sense of in-service and completion of this project. We have a little bit of placeholder capital, maybe $250 million sitting out there in ‘22, ‘23, but I would think of it as primarily ACP.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, how would you describe your appetite for more greenfield midstream construction going forward? If you saw another opportunity come along, how willing would you be to jump on it?
Lynn Good: That’s a really good question, Andrew. You’re catching us mid-cycle here in Atlantic Coast Pipeline. We’re a believer in the infrastructure. I think one of the things that gets overlooked in this discussion of these pipelines is how critical they are to our customers and we think about our Piedmont system and the need to continue to provide pressure for growth in that area. We think about the infrastructure in North Carolina supporting economic development and our power system, which has a lot of renewables in the eastern part of the state. So, we’re a believer in the infrastructure investment. We’ve learned a lot about how to move through these, the stakeholder engagements, it’s important to permitting, et cetera. So we like the business I think, but we’d be thoughtful about what opportunities exist that we might want to pursue.
Andrew Weisel: Got it. It makes sense and just a quick one on the dividend. Before I ask a question, could you repeat what was the targeted payout ratio you had for five years out?
Lynn Good: So, we have indicated a range of 65% to 75%, Andrew, but we’d like to moderate our payout ratio. We’re above 75% today. By the end of the five-year period, we’d like to be closer to 70%, still committed to strong growth of the dividend. We think our yield is very attractive. We have a long standing history of growing the dividend, but believe that some moderation of the payout ratio positions the Company for more sustainable growth given our robust capital plan.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, but just to clarify there, back of the envelope math to me suggests around a 3.5% CAGR. You previously guided to 4% to 6% just as recently as EEI. What would you say were the biggest deltas then as far as being a bit more conservative on the dividend growth?
Lynn Good: I think this near-term uncertainty that we’ve experienced around Atlantic Coast Pipeline and/or where we’re looking at ‘20 and ‘21 is being influenced in that way. And then as we think about $1 billion of hurricanes that we’ve experienced, we also think about our desire to continue growing with a very robust capital plan. We believe all those things taken together represent a very attractive dividend plus growth profile for our investors and think that moderating the dividend payout ratio as part of that whole picture makes a lot of sense.
Andrew Weisel: All right. Thank you for clarifying.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s question-and-answer session. I would like to hand the call over to Ms. Lynn Good for any additional or closing remarks.
Lynn Good: Very good. Thank you, Kevin. Thank you all for participating today for your questions. Our IR team will be available both today, tomorrow and ongoing for any further questions. We appreciate your investment in Duke Energy. So, thanks so much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Callahan - Duke Energy Corp. Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp. Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.
Analysts: Claire Zeng - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Duke Energy Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Callahan, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Callahan - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you, Cody. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining Duke Energy's third quarter 2018 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chairman, President and CEO; along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide 2 presents the Safe Harbor statement, which accompanies our presentation materials. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on duke-energy.com and in today's materials. Please note the appendix for today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures. As summarized on slide 3, during today's call, Lynn will provide an update on recent activities, including our response to Hurricanes Florence and Michael. She will also discuss progress on our strategic initiatives. Steve will then provide an overview of our third quarter financial results and insight about economic and load growth trends. He will also discuss our growth drivers for 2019 before closing with key investor considerations. With that, let me turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin on slide 4. Today, we announced strong results for the quarter with adjusted earnings per share of $1.65 compared to $1.59 in the prior year. We continue to execute on our strategic priorities, supported by the outstanding work of our employees, who restored outages and back-to-back hurricanes over the last two months. As we look to the end of the year, we have narrowed our full year guidance to $4.65 to $4.85 per share, raising the midpoint and to the upper half of our original range. We also reaffirmed our long-term earnings growth rate of 4% to 6% through 2022, also midpoint of our 2017 guidance range. We continue to expect earnings growth at the low end of this range in 2019 and the mid to high end of the range in 2020 and beyond. In addition to strong financial results, we're pleased to highlight several recent recognitions for the company. Let me emphasize too that I know are important to our ESG investors. Duke Energy was included in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the 13th consecutive year, demonstrating our commitment to sustainability and corporate responsibility. And Forbes named Duke Energy to their Global Best Employers list, which is based on rankings of publicly traded companies from 60 countries around the world. We're proud that our company and employees are being recognized for the work we do every day on behalf of our customers and communities. Turning to slide 5, I want to give you an update on our response to hurricanes Florence and Michael and in a moment Steve will share our thoughts on cost estimates and recovery. First, Hurricane Florence, this was a massive slow-moving storm that made landfall on the North Carolina coast in early September, causing widespread devastation and record setting rainfall. Ahead of the storm, we assembled our largest restoration force ever in the Carolinas, over 20,000 workers, to prepare and immediately begin restoring power when it was safe to do so. In addition, 2,000 employees outside of transmission and distribution volunteered to support our efforts from managing logistics to providing extra help, answering customer calls. We restored over 1.8 million outages in less than 10 days, with 93% restored in five days. Despite extensive flooding, the environment around our facilities, including ash basins remained well protected. This is a testament to our team's extensive preparation in advance of the storm and on the ground management throughout the heavy rainfall. Only weeks later, Hurricane Michael made landfall in early October on the Florida Panhandle. Michael triggered over 70,000 power outages in our Florida service territory before moving north and causing over 1.1 million outages in the Carolinas. More than 15,000 workers contributed to the restoration efforts with 90% of the outages restored within three days. All customers who could receive power were restored in five days in the Carolinas and eight days in Florida, but work continues in Florida as we rebuild our infrastructure in the most devastated areas. Our successful storm response was driven in part by lessons learned from previous storms and our investments to improve the grid. For example, in our DEP service territory, self-healing grid technologies rerouted power from damaged lines to minimize outages. We estimate that we avoided 27 million outage minutes across the Carolinas from the use of this technology during Hurricane Florence. Our grid improvement plan includes expansion of this technology to 80% of our customers over the next decade, up from 16% currently. And in Florida, we made improvements on a transmission line at St. George Island a few years ago. This area was in the direct path of the hurricane and the structures withstood hurricane force winds. During this hurricane season, we restored 3 million outages, thanks to the tireless work of our employees and utility partners. And I'm truly proud of this team. The benefits of modernizing and hardening the grid were clear during the hurricanes and we continue to invest in the energy grid on behalf of our customers. We've highlighted several developments across our jurisdictions on slide 6. In South Carolina, the Commission approved deferral accounting treatment for our grid improvement investments such as smart meters, self-optimizing grid technology and additional hardening and resiliency mechanisms. Our grid improvement plan is a key part of our strategy to meet customer expectations. These investments will deliver increased reliability, enable distributed resources and provide enhanced customer convenience and control. In the Carolinas, we recently announced approximately $500 million in battery storage investments over the next 15 years, as described in our Integrated Resource Plan filed this past September. This investment, equal to about 300 megawatts of capacity, will provide our Carolinas utilities with another tool to balance the energy system. In Florida, consistent with our multiyear agreement, we announced an electric vehicle pilot program that will install up to 530 EV charging stations throughout our service territory in 2019. These stations will be connected in multi-unit dwellings, workplaces and other areas with broad public access. Similarly, we have proposed an electric transportation pilot in South Carolina, which includes charging station programs throughout residential areas as well as school and transit bus systems. We look forward to rolling out similar programs in our other jurisdictions to promote greater use of electric vehicles for our customers. Moving to slide 7, let me provide an update on some of our other strategic investments. We are nearing completion of our 1,600-megawatt Citrus County natural gas combined-cycle plant in Florida. The first unit came online in October. We have successfully achieved initial firing of Unit 2, which is on track to start serving customers in December. Recall that the Florida Commission approved our requested $200 million revenue increase for the plant under the GBRA mechanism. Increases to customer rates for Unit 1 will begin in December and rates associated with Unit 2 are expected to be implemented in January. Construction continues at our natural gas combined-cycle plant in Asheville as part of our Western Carolinas modernization project. The plant is 50% complete and remains on track for the expected late 2019 in-service date. In July, we launched the first request for proposal for new renewable energy resources in North Carolina under House Bill 589. This 680-megawatt solicitation seeks projects that can be placed in service by the end of 2020. Bids were submitted October 9, including those from our North Carolina utilities and Commercial Renewables business. Over the next several months, the independent administrator will review the bids and winning proposals are expected to be notified in the first quarter of 2019. New project construction is anticipated to begin in the second half of 2019 to meet the 2020 in-service dates. In Commercial Renewables, we've started a process to find a minority partner in our existing 3,000-megawatt wind and solar portfolio as we seek to recycle and reinvest capital from these assets. We will continue to be the majority owner and operator of the portfolio and intend to retain nearly all of the tax benefits associated with the projects. It is still early in the process, but we are seeing strong interest. Looking ahead to 2019, we have approximately 300 megawatts of wind and solar in late stages of development. And we will use tax equity to finance these projects. Turning to our gas business on slide 8, let me provide an update on the Atlantic Coast Pipeline. We're working diligently to complete the project to bring low-cost gas supply and economic development opportunities to the region. Mainline construction continues in West Virginia and North Carolina. And we're making progress on constructing the compressor and metering and regulation stations in those states. The tree-felling window reopened in September and we continue with felling activities where permitted in all three states along the pipeline route. The Virginia DEQ approved our erosion and sediment control plan on October 19, making the water quality certificate effective for that state. We've requested permission from FERC to begin full construction activities in Virginia and expect the approvals soon. This was the last major permit remaining for the pipeline, marking a significant milestone for the project. Throughout this process, the relevant permitting agencies have conducted extensive due diligence, ensuring the project will meet all necessary environmental rules and regulations. We appreciate the professionalism exhibited by these agencies as they worked with our project team to complete these reviews. Given permitting delays and the FERC's stop work order in August, the project partners have reexamined the construction schedule and cost estimates. We will now pursue with our customers putting the pipeline in service in phases with the late 2019 in-service for all station facilities and key portions of the pipeline in order to meet peak winter demand. We're also pursuing a mid-2020 in-service date for the remaining segments. Based on these changes, we now estimate cost in the range of $6.5 billion to $7 billion, an increase of $500 million over the previous range. Future factors such as abnormal weather, work delays due to judicial or regulatory action and other circumstances may result in additional costs or schedule changes. In summary, our year-to-date results show that our company is performing well. We will continue executing on our strategy, investing in infrastructure our customers value and delivering sustainable growth for our investors. As we look to close out the year, our achievements once again reinforce our belief that Duke Energy is the leading energy infrastructure company. And before I turn it over to Steve, I want to thank our employees once again for their remarkable work during Hurricanes Florence and Michael. They showed unwavering dedication to our customers. Steve, let me turn it to you.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thanks, Lynn. I'll start with quarterly results on slide 9, including our adjusted earnings per share variances for the prior year. For more detailed information on variance drivers and a reconciliation of reported to adjusted results, please refer to the supporting materials that accompany today's press release and presentation. On a reported or GAAP basis, 2018 third quarter earnings per share were $1.51 compared to $1.36 last year. Third quarter 2018 adjusted earnings per share was $1.65 compared to $1.59 in the prior year. The difference between reported and adjusted earnings was primarily due to a charge resulting from annual goodwill testing in our Commercial Renewables business. For the quarter, higher adjusted results compared to the prior year were primarily due to higher retail electric sales volumes and income tax benefits, partially offset by higher storm restoration costs and share dilution. Within the segment, Electric Utilities and Infrastructure was up $0.10 compared to the prior year. Results were supported by a few factors including strong load growth and more favorable weather. We also saw growth from higher rider revenues and contributions from the DEP and DEC North Carolina rate cases. Finally, the Electric segment benefited from lower income tax expense, including impacts of the Tax Act. These favorable drivers were partially offset by three items: higher depreciation and amortization expense from a growing rate base, a charge related to the Edwardsport settlement in Indiana, and higher O&M, largely due to Hurricane Florence restoration costs. We estimate total O&M the cost for Hurricane Florence of approximately $450 million, with the majority of the cost at our DEP utility. We will request permission to defer approximately $370 million of incremental cost for recovery in the next DEP rate case. The remaining incremental cost impacted O&M expense in the quarter and exceeded the cost from Hurricane Irma in 2017, contributing to the year-over-year variance. I'd also point out that our preliminary O&M cost estimate for Hurricane Michael is approximately $200 million. The cost from this storm which primarily impacted our DEC and DEF utilities will be recorded in the fourth quarter. As with Florence, we will also request to defer the majority of these costs for future recovery. We will be making the appropriate filings with the state commissions over the coming months. Shifting to Gas Utilities and Infrastructure, results were flat in the quarter. Growth from our midstream investments was offset by higher O&M. We expect our LDC businesses to provide the bulk of their remaining earnings contribution in the fourth quarter. In our Commercial Renewables segment, results were up $0.03 for the quarter. The increase was primarily due to the Shoreham Solar project, which was placed in service in July. Finally, Other was down $0.04 for the quarter, largely due to a lower tax yield as a result of the Federal Tax Act and a favorable litigation settlement in the prior year. Higher tax optimization benefits partially offset these drivers. We continue to expect our full year 2018 adjusted effective tax rate to be in the range of 15% to 16%. As you know, we settled half of our March equity offering in June, which resulted in $0.03 of share dilution for the quarter. Our equity financing plan remains on track and we continue to expect to settle all outstanding equity forwards in the fourth quarter. Our strong execution through the first three quarters gives us confidence in our full year projection. And as Lynn mentioned, we narrowed our 2018 guidance range to $4.65 to $4.85 per share, raising the midpoint into the upper half of our original guidance range for the year. This reflects our results to date, including favorable weather, partially offset by costs associated with the two hurricanes. We're well positioned for the remainder of the year and we'll manage our O&M and other business drivers in a way that keeps us on track to deliver on our commitments. Turning to slide 10, our retail volumes were very strong in the quarter. Let me take a moment to walk you through the trends we're seeing across our serviced areas. On a rolling 12-month basis, weather-normalized retail electric load growth was 1%. Our residential class continues to drive the growth with an overall increase of 1.8% on a rolling 12-month basis. Strong customer growth continues across our service territories and was amplified this quarter by positive usage per customer in certain jurisdictions. We will continue to monitor this trend, given we've seen this periodically over the course of the year. We also saw strength in the commercial class, with sales up 1.1% over the rolling 12 months. Ongoing data center expansion and strength in hospitality and leisure segments helped to offset weakness in retail stores driven by competition from online shopping. Finally, sales in our industrial class continued to improve and we were pleased to see a 1.8% increase within this sector during the quarter, driven by robust manufacturing growth in several sectors such as metals, textiles and transportation. The Carolinas, in particular, saw strong industrial growth in the quarter. These retail volume trends, along with a healthy economy and growth in our jurisdictions, further support our long-term planning assumption of 0.5% retail load growth for our Electric Utilities. As we head into the close of the year, let me highlight on slide 11 some of the drivers for 2019. We expect to be back within our long-term earnings growth range in 2019, which represents 6% growth off of our original 2018 midpoint. I'll start with growth in the Electric Utilities segment. In the Carolinas, earnings will be supported by a full year's contribution from this year's North Carolina rate cases, upcoming rate activity in South Carolina, as well AFUDC on our Western Carolina's modernization project. In Florida, as Lynn discussed, we are adding the Citrus County combined-cycle plant to customer rates in the next few months. We will also begin to recover our ongoing grid investments through the first rate increase under our multiyear rate plan. Finally, we expect to initiate rate recovery under the solar base rate adjustment mechanism once our first solar project is in operation this December. In the Midwest, we will continue to invest in transmission and distribution upgrades that are recovered under our rider programs in Indiana and Ohio. In the Gas segment, earnings will grow based on the continued construction on the Atlantic Coast Pipeline, coupled with continued integrity management investments and strong customer additions in our gas LDCs. The changes to the ACP schedule and cost estimate that Lynn described will not significantly impact earnings in 2019 and 2020 as the project will continue to accrue AFUDC and now on a higher cost base. Additionally, we have a strong pipeline of projects in our Commercial Renewables business, including the late-stage wind and solar projects with 2019 in-service dates. Finally, we expect further load growth consistent with our long-term planning assumption. And we are aggressively managing cost across our businesses, including using digital capabilities to drive efficiencies. As you can see, we have a substantial set of investment opportunities that will provide growth into next year and beyond as we continue to execute on our strategy. I'll close with slide 12. Our attractive investor value proposition is founded upon our growing dividend, which currently yields approximately 4.5%. Coupled with earnings growth of 4% to 6% from transparent low-risk investments, this provides a compelling risk adjusted total shareholder return of 8% to 10%. Duke Energy's scale, constructive service areas and ability to execute position the company as the leading energy infrastructure investment. With that, let's open the lines for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our first question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith, Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Claire Zeng - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning. This is actually Claire for Julien here.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Claire. How are you?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Claire Zeng - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Doing well. Thanks for taking my question. My first is just on ACP. What is your expectation on timing to fund that additional CapEx need and how will it be funded? And what are you anticipating the returns on ACP now are?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: So, Claire, I'll take returns first. We expect this return to be consistent with other regulated investments. And so we're comfortable with where we are on return. And I would think about the financing of ACP as being managed through the overall financing of the company and then we do intend to put project financing in place at the time the project goes in service.
Claire Zeng - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. It doesn't really have much of a bearing on your FFO to debt metrics. Just confirming that.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: We're committed to our FFO to debt metrics, Claire. And I think we've shared these ranges with you in previous calls. The cost increase for ACP, our responsibility is about half of that amount. And we believe we have tools within our company to manage through that transition.
Claire Zeng - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. That's helpful. And just turning over to renewables as well, at this point, what do you think – what would you estimate the market out there to be potential or expected proceeds? And how would your use of proceeds work?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Claire, we're very early in the process. What I will share is that there has been strong interest. We've been watching this market for some time and are very familiar with it. The use of proceeds, I think we're too early to talk specifically about that. We haven't earmarked proceeds for any specific purpose. And of course, we'll update you as the sale process continues and give you a closer look at a financing plan as we come to the Street in February.
Claire Zeng - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Would it be fair to just view it as offsetting incremental debt issuances or any kind of other funding internally?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: I wouldn't be that specific at this point, Claire. We've just launched the process. So we need to work through it in order to have a sense of where the market is, the proceeds, the timing and all of those things. So that's where we are at this point.
Claire Zeng - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take our next question from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, guys. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Jonathan.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Just one quick thing. It looks like – or if I look at trailing 12-month numbers, the midpoint of the new 2018 range would suggest a slightly down fourth quarter. Can you remind us what type of things would support that?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: I think as we go into the fourth quarter, you're looking at milder weather and that impact there will pick up the gas distribution business. I don't think there's anything unusual that we're looking at in the fourth quarter. Some of the variations per quarter are hard to predict. Tax optimization efforts, as an example, that came through in the third quarter. In certain years, they have come through in a fourth quarter. So, I wouldn't look to anything negative that's occurring necessarily in the fourth quarter, Jonathan.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: The only special thing I'd point to, Jonathan, is Michael is in the fourth quarter. The storm hit in October. So we'll be addressing Michael in the fourth quarter.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then just on industrial growth, you flagged last quarter that you expected some of the temporary effects to start working out of the numbers and looks like that happened. But what do you feel is your underlying industrial sales growth number?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: I think the underlying industrial sales growth number will continue to improve as we move out and lap, if you will, some of the unique perturbations there. We saw very strong industrial growth for this particular quarter, as I mentioned, across the entire enterprise of 1.8%. I don't know that we're going to see that as an ongoing mechanism – ongoing number going forward. But we do see strength in our residential customers, a good bit of diversity across the enterprise. I don't have a full year number. I think the overall 0.5% is very solid, but that combines residential with it and commercial as well. So, no specific number yet on what I'd see industrial on a run rate, but it's improving on the 12-month carrying. And I think that'll continue for a few quarters.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. My question really, Steve, was, is the growth – the improvement, just the lapping of the outages, or is it actually underlying growth as well?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: I think we're seeing some underlying growth as well with it.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then, can you just remind us what is the sales growth assumption overall that underpins your comments on guidance and getting to the high end of 4% to 6% in 2020 plus?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Again, we're looking at 0.5% sales growth weather normal across our footprint and that's all customer classes. We continue to think that's a reasonable number to bake into our forecasting over our longer term plans.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you, guys.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you, Jonathan.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now move on to Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Michael.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Hello.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: So, just to follow up on Jon's question. It looks like sales growth is actually continuing to improve and we've seen that for several quarters now and you're thinking that it might continue going forward. At what point do you think you might start considering increasing the projected growth that's embedded in guidance from 0.5% to something a little higher?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Michael, I think we'll continue to watch. We've been surprised to the upside, which is a good thing, but we believe a 0.5% assumption is good to really establish the parameters around our cost structure and the way we manage the business. For every positive piece of economic news, there's something on the horizon, whether it's tariffs or rising interest rates and other things. So, we're really comfortable with 0.5% now and hope to surprise to the upside.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got you. And for hurricane costs, for Hurricane Michael and also Hurricane Florence, is there anything that's been going on? Those are being deferred right now. I mean, do you have a deferral order? Just remind me, sorry if I missed that earlier.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: We will make application for the official deferral order in the near-term. We are – in the third quarter, we incurred the costs associated with Hurricane Florence. And as I said, we've deferred $370 million of the O&M costs related to that and the deferrals based upon past history and practice. We'll make those official filings later this year.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: As you get ready for next year's rate cases in North Carolina and also for – talking to the state legislators about grid modernization, do you think that the – it seems to me like an increasing frequency of hurricanes in your territory and throughout the Southeast. Is that being factored into the discussions or has that improved the climate for grid modernization going forward?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Michael, I would say those storms have been a significant issue here in the Carolina. It's just the impact on the eastern part of the state. And there is a lot of interest to invest in infrastructure to support that region and to make smart investments to position the state for the future. So, I think hardening and resiliency is something that makes a lot of sense. And we're, of course, developing projects that we believe would support the infrastructure in the state. Taking lessons learned from these storms, but also looking at other areas of our grid that we think modernization could benefit customers.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: All right. Thanks a lot, Lynn.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Hey. Thanks. Good morning.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Morning.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Going back to the line of questioning from earlier, you're doing well this year, the midpoint of guidance is $4.75. And then, using a $4.60 base, and I'm looking at slide 11, are you saying you expect the compound annual growth rate to be 4% through 2019? And then, the compound annual growth rate, not the incremental growth rate, but the compound annual growth rate to look more like 5% or 5.5% as you get into 2022. I just want to make sure that I'm looking at that correctly. You're using a compounding function not a year-over-year function, correct?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: That's right. And so, Greg, what we're talking about is 4% compound number for 2019. And then by 2020, we believe we'll be up in that 5%, mid to high end of the range.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Right. And that's my point. That's my point. Because 5% compound from $4.60 in 2017 through 2020 would put you $0.10 above Street consensus, $5.33 a share, and would put you $0.15 above Street consensus in 2021. And the Street has been consistently, me included, to be frank with you, more cynical about your growth opportunities as it pertains to your guidance. And so what gives you the confidence that the compounding effect of the investments and the changes you're making in the business can get you there? And what do you think the dissidence is between Street expectations and your aspirations?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: So, Greg, I would say that the capital plan that we've put in front of the Street as well as the recovery mechanisms that go with that give us the confidence to deliver the results. And of course, cost management, load growth are also a part of that picture. And we believe we've been consistently demonstrating the ability to grow the company. This is the second full year of the portfolio that we now operate. Historically, we had some noise with international and other things. They're now two years in the rearview mirror. And my expectation is as we continue to execute, there will be greater confidence that we will deliver what we've set out. And so we're proud of the fact that we're delivering what we set out in terms of commitments this year. We delivered last year. We have adjusted with tax reform in a way that has been constructive not only to investors but to the balance sheet. And so, our assignment is to keep executing in a way that grows the company and maintains that balance sheet for the future and that is our focus.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. And how necessary or important to the execution of your plan is, the grid modernization and capital plan rollout in North Carolina and getting recovery mechanisms either through legislative guidance to the Commission or from the Commission that are a more contemporaneous return framework?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Well, grid investment is an important part of the strategy, Greg. And certainly, North Carolina is important to the overall results of Duke Energy because of the scale of those utilities, both DEC and DEP. As we've shared with you, we believe we have parallel paths to pursue, a legislative path or increased frequency of regulatory filings in order to achieve our financial results. We do believe, with the value proposition that grid investment represents, including the storm hardening that we just talked, that a recovery mechanism that is certain over a two to three year period with predictable investment and predictable impact to customers with value that goes with those predictable increases is a compelling business proposition and we'll continue to pursue, as I said, in both the legislative and regulatory process.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Lynn, thank you. Take care.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Morning, Stephen.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Stephen.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Wanted to go back to the ACP process. Given that the cost has gone up, I wondered if you could just talk through the regulatory process for potentially adjusting the required revenue upward or should we assume that it's relatively unlikely that revenue would be adjusted upward? I just wanted to circle back on that.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Stephen, I think we are in discussions with customers in connection with this partial in-service trying to establish interim pricing. And our objective always is to find the right balance between meeting customer needs and delivering benefits and then returns to investors. We have reset price once and received approval of those prices. We believe this investment still represents the most cost-effective solution for our customers and we'll continue to be in dialogue with customers as we go forward. So, our focus right now is on partial in-service and establishing interim prices and we'll just continue to stay in touch with customers as the project continues.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. And then just further on system hardening, I think you've given us some good color as to how you're thinking about that, but I'm trying to get a better sense for the path to getting approval. So let's just say that you go through your assessment and you determine that an additional amount of capital is needed. Could you talk a little bit more to the different paths that we should be thinking about in terms of getting approval for that spending? Just it seems like obviously there probably are needs for significant additional hardening. How do we think about translating that into regulatory or legislative outcomes?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Stephen, I think it depends on the path that we take. I think in a legislative path, a stakeholder process will be important to have discussions around the type of investment, the timing, et cetera. You may recall, we reached a partial settlement with certain environmental stakeholders as part of the DEC case that set a term, a cap, pilots for targeted under grounding and then specific investments around batteries, EV, et cetera, self-optimizing technologies, et cetera. So, I think as you think about a multi-year rate plan or if you were to think about some other method to establish a multiyear investment program, there would be some degree of sharing those investments and agreement. We don't contemplate that it would necessarily be required pre-approval on individual projects because we're talking about a number of small things that accumulate over time, but we, of course, are early in the process of making those changes. Under a pure regulatory path, you make the investments and demonstrate benefits and those become a part of your cost of service and you would think about those in a traditional way. Let me just close by saying, we are in discussion around these investments and the benefits they can deliver to customers, both with regulators and with stakeholders. And that process will continue. We think those investments are very important to the state and to our customer base. And so, those conversations will continue.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Very good. Thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take our next question from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Good morning. Just...
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, Lynn. So, just a question first on the quarter. I think in a couple of the business, as you mentioned, the impact of tax rate partially due to the tax law change. Could you maybe separate out tax law change versus other tax items just so we have an idea on that?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: What I might mention here on tax law changes is we had some fixed price contracts in our wholesale business, gas and electric, whereby the pricing doesn't change necessarily due to tax changes. So that brings some benefits in. And then, there's just tax optimization we're working through the various structures that we have in place across our footprint that'll provide some benefits. I don't have a breakout right now between those, but those are the two factors that lead to it.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. That's fine. And then, I guess, just on the renewable for North Carolina. My recollection is those were not necessarily in your capital plan if you end up winning some of those, but I'm not sure if anything else has kind of changed in the plan going back to really this year. So just if we see you win a handful of projects there, should we think about that all being incremental or in the context of kind of the whole plan maybe some things haven't gone away?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: I would think about it more within the context of the plan, Steve. We did have renewable capital in our plan in February. And actually, the way we approached it is we put all of the capital in the Commercial business, recognizing that it could either be in the utility or the commercial business depending on how we win, but we put the capital in the Commercial Renewables segment. So, given the timeline of House Bill 589 and the fact we'll know more after the first of the year, we'll continue to update capital and share that with you in February. But I would think about it at this point as part of the overall capital plan that we shared with you.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Praful Mehta with Citi.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks so much. Hi, guys.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Hello.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. So, maybe first touch on the storms. I know you're deferring some of the costs, but in terms of the cash flow, is there an ability to fund some of that cash with securitization? Or if there isn't, how do you fund or does it put any kind of pressure on the credit metrics or different funding gap, given the storm costs that you're facing right now?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Praful, we are financing in the short-term with commercial paper, short-term financing methods, and we will convert to longer term at the right time. We'll be filing, as Steve indicated, for a deferral at the end of the year and would like to match long-term financing with the recovery mechanisms that are in place. We're always mindful of the impact to customers. And so, we have tools like excess deferred taxes that have not yet been fully dealt with in the Carolinas. Securitization, as you mentioned, is always a tool. So, our plans will continue to mature on this over the balance of this year into next.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. And does Commercial Renewables and the sale of Commercial Renewables, will that fit neatly into it or does it happen to fit neatly into it or is there a plan to kind of use some of those proceeds for this?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: We haven't earmarked proceeds from Commercial Renewables at this point, Praful. Early in the process, don't yet know what the value is going to be, timing, etcetera, but you can think about that as a tool, right, within the company at large, of an inflow of cash. So, we'll consider all of these things and really be in a position to give more feedback on specific financing plans in February.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. That's helpful. And then, finally, just following up a little bit on Greg's question on long-term growth. Wanted to understand, you had mentioned earlier the impact of tariffs and other macro factors that could impact your growth as you think about it longer term. I guess to achieve your long-term target, what are the variables we should be thinking about or tracking on a more macro level that you think could impact your ability to execute on the 4% to 6%?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Praful, those comments were within the context of why not raise 0.5%. So, we believe 0.5% is a very good planning assumption as we look at the profile of our business, where we're located geographically, the attractive nature of the service territories, et cetera. But large economic shocks, if we were to ever get to that point, would be something we'd need to check and adjust, but there's nothing unique to Duke Energy, as I talk about that. So, as I think about long-term growth, 0.5% is load growth assumption. Aggressive cost management will continue to be a part of the equation. And then, the capital plan that we've put in front of you with rate increases or recovery mechanisms that are in place across our jurisdiction will be the other driver.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Awesome. Very helpful. Thank you, Lynn.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Shar.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Hello, Shar.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Good morning, guys. You touched on most of my questions, but let me just – can you just elaborate on House Bill 589 real quick and sort of what's embedded in your plan, because I thought prior communication really focused on having a very little – somewhat of a base assumption around what you could win? And I guess the way I'm trying to come up with this is there's 2.7 gigawatts potentially in this state that can be procured. There's 30% that you guys could essentially win, but there's no cap on how much you guys can acquire from developers that are likely looking to recycle their capital, right? So, if you kind of look at the opportunity set, it could reach well over $1 billion to $2 billion of opportunity. So, I guess my question is, how much of this is embedded in your plan? Is it sort of a very little base assumption? I'm just trying to figure out the scale here because I thought this was predominately incremental.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Shar, I appreciate that question. We did put an assumption in, but I think to use your terminology, it's going to be closer to a base assumption than it is to a we-buy-everything assumption. And as I have said a moment ago, we're beginning to – we're early in the process. The bids are in. The administrator will be reviewing bids. We'll begin to have some visibility to this process in the first quarter and that would be the time for us to update. We see the nature of the projects, we see the returns that are implied, and I think they represent great opportunities for us, but we'd be evaluating those returns against the other investment opportunities we have and making good decisions about it. So, to close, I would say that the capital that's in there is more of a base assumption.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Got it. And then just let me ask you, assuming that the ultimate outcome is better than your base assumption, do you see any need to put incremental equity as far as looking at additional opportunities around solar. So, i.e., if you do better than your base assumption, you acquire developers that are looking to recycle, is there any instance where you think you may need to raise equity as a result?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Shar, at this point, we're comfortable with the plans we've put in front of you on equity, the equity raise we did this year. Our ongoing assumptions around about $350 million of equity a year, we think that positions the company really well, strikes the right balance between balance sheet and growth. And so, I would think about that incremental capital as being evaluated as part of our total investment plan. And we'll continue, as I said, to provide updates on what we think the future holds. But right now, I'm comfortable with the equity plan we have in place and our ability to absorb upside on the renewables as we look at the total collection of capital that we're planning to spend as a company.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: And I'd add that the use of tax equity financing and back leverage and so forth helps on minimizing the investment on Commercial Renewables.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Got it. Thanks, Steven, and see you soon.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our question from Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Morning. First question, I wanted to just clarify the raise in the 2018 midpoint of $0.05, is that all primarily driven by better weather or was there something else in there?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Ali, I would say weather and volumes on the upside, really being offset by storm expense is the way I would look at it. So, we've had very strong weather in volumes, but we've also had the hurricanes to absorb.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: I got you. Okay. And then secondly, next year when you all update your plans, et cetera, is there thought would you move your base year to 2018 to build out your growth rate targets, or what are you thinking about there?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Ali, we haven't made a decision around base year. We've been working off of 2017. As you know, we've continued to emphasize that, as outlined on slide 11. So, we'll make that evaluation as we go forward, but you should be comfortable that we're talking about a range that works off of the 2017 base.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah. And then also, in terms of the longer term growth outlook, just remind us again sort of embedded in your long term, 4% to 6% CAGR, how much reduction, if any, in regulatory lag is assumed in there, or is it all sort of CapEx rate based driven with earned ROEs relatively constant. Can you just remind us what the earned ROE trends?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: A couple of things I'd point at. We've got a long history of earning well on our regulated rate basis, in the 10%, 10.5% range. Through periods of having rate cases, not having rate cases, we've been able to utilize cost efficiencies, expansion of wholesale sales to – and rate cases to make that happen through various differing circumstances. There certainly is an element of lag as you build your investment base between rate cases. That's natural to occur. It'll vary depending up on the regulatory mechanisms in place and the timeframes between rate cases. But we're working to reconstruct the regulatory recovery mechanisms and minimize lag as much as possible.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah. Steve, just to be clear, that ramp-up – the implied ramp-up in growth from 2020 onwards, that's all being driven by the – the way you're looking at your CapEx profile, you're not assuming a pickup in earned ROE helping you 2020 and beyond?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Well, it's looking at the investment base growing and our ability to convert that into revenues through the regulatory processes, in addition to organic load growth and renewables business, all of that combined. But on the regulated side, it's the investments and the ability to efficiently incorporate that into revenues at typical allowed types of returns, as we have demonstrated at our ability to do for many years.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Understood. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question today comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Michael.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, Lynn. I have an easy one. You filed in South Carolina, can you talk to us a little bit about just your main request in South Carolina and whether you're actually trying to seek any kind of more structural change in rate making there or is it just kind of a traditional rate case? And then, B, how should we think about where you're likely – the cadence of rate case filings between now and maybe the end of 2019 in terms of where you're likely to file?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Michael, I would think about the South Carolina cases as mirroring, in many ways, what we tried to accomplish in North Carolina. So, the same drivers and approach, trying to focus on grid investment, but also receiving recovery of historic investments, it'll be the same approach in South Carolina. We did point out on this call that we were successful in achieving a deferral of the grid investment, which we view as a positive step in South Carolina. And then in terms of other rate cases, Florida will automatically reset with the Citrus, the solar and the grid investment. Midwest also will continue to reset, but you can expect us to file cases next year. Piedmont potentially, Indiana potentially, and then with the in service date of Western Carolinas, that's a good date to watch for the Duke Energy progress case.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you. And I guess last one, how do you think about the cadence of O&M in 2018 relative to what you originally expected? And I'm trying to think about it excluding storm impact. And then, the opportunity set for being able to manage it down further in 2019.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: In 2018, we're tracking to be right at our target for O&M, exclusive of the storm costs. And again, our broad target for O&M is to keep it flat throughout our planning horizon. And I think we have the capabilities to do that, hopefully do better than that, as we advance capabilities and data analytics and rolling out digital technology capabilities across our footprint with our scope and scale, I think we have great abilities to control O&M.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you, Steve. Thank you, Lynn. See you...
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: ...out in California.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: All right.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's question and answer session. Now, I'd like to turn the conference back over to Ms. Lynn Good for additional and closing remarks.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Great. Thank you. And thank you again for your interest and investment in Duke Energy. We look forward to seeing many of you in the upcoming EEI Conference next week. So thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you, all, for your participation.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Callahan - Duke Energy Corp. Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp. Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.
Analysts: Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Claire Zeng - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Maheep Mandloi - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Christopher Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Andrew Weisel - Scotia Howard Weil
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Duke Energy Second Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Callahan, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Callahan - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you, Cathy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Duke Energy's second quarter 2018 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chairman, President and CEO, along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide 2 presents the Safe Harbor statement which accompanies our presentation materials. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on duke-energy.com and in today's materials. Please note, the appendix for today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures. As summarized on slide 3, during today's call, Lynn will discuss progress we've made executing on our 2018 commitments. She will also provide an update on our North Carolina regulatory activity and our strategic investments. Steve will then provide an overview of our second quarter financial results and insight about economic and load growth trends. He will also give an update on tax reform and our financing plan before closing with key investor considerations. With that, let me turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Let me began on slide 4 and summarize what has been a very productive first half of the year. We are delivering on our 2018 commitments in key areas across the business. As of June, we have resolved both rate cases in our home state of North Carolina. The DEC order was issued on June 22, following the first quarter order received in the Duke Energy progress case. North Carolina is a constructive jurisdiction, demonstrating a commitment to affordable and reliable power for our customers and financial strength for our utilities. During the quarter, we also continued to make progress on the resolution of Federal tax reform in our jurisdictions. The clarity we have received is consistent with the plans we described to you in February. We now have direction from our regulators in Florida, the Carolinas and Kentucky. In addition, we are awaiting approval of a settlement filed in Indiana and a proposal submitted in Ohio. Based on these results, we have updated our credit metric forecasts. We now expect our FFO-to-debt metrics to be in our target range of 15% to 16% in 2019, a year earlier than previously estimated. We are pleased to see that as of yesterday, Moody's has removed the negative outlook and affirmed our current ratings at the holding company, recognizing the benefits of Duke's scale, our constructive regulatory jurisdictions and our response to tax reform. As we execute on our long-term strategy, we are on track to achieve our financial objectives. With strong results for the first half of the year, we are reaffirming our 2018 EPS guidance range of $4.55 to $4.85 and our long-term earnings growth CAGR of 4% to 6% through 2022. We expect to be at the low-end of the range in 2019 and at the mid to high-end of the range in 2020 and beyond. We also increased our quarterly dividend by 4.2%. This is in line with our objective to grow dividends consistent with our long-term earnings growth range. Turning to slide 5, I'll provide the detail on the order received in June for our Duke Energy Carolinas rate case. Resolution of both the DEC and DEP rate cases in 2018 provides clarity, as we continue investing to benefit our customers. The commission approved new rates for our $13.5 billion DEC rate base with rates effective yesterday. Similar to the DEP decision received in February, the order approved a 9.9% ROE on a 52% equity component of the capital structure. We also received approval to recover deferred coal ash costs over a five-year period, with the full debt and equity return. Ongoing coal ash costs will be deferred with a return and be considered in the next rate case. Specific to DEC, the order approved the cancellation of the Lee Nuclear project as originally envisioned and recovery of development costs over a 12-year period without a return. We will maintain the combined operating license as an option for possible future development. The order also addressed Federal tax reform. Rates will be reduced for the lower income tax rate and the commission will consider the treatment of excess deferred income taxes in three years or in the next rate case, whichever is sooner. This is a constructive outcome that balances providing immediate benefits to customers with supporting credit quality at the utility. Finally, the order addressed grid investment. The commission noted that maintaining adequate and reliable electric service includes staying abreast of the latest developments in technology and equipment. The order deemed it reasonable and prudent to deploy smart meters on a full scale basis. It also approved deferral of costs associated with our new customer information system, the digital platform that will allow us to tailor new solutions for customers. And though we were disappointed, the order denied a request for a Grid Reliability and Resiliency Rider, arguing the commission lacked statutory authority in this instance, the commission encourages ongoing grid investment and our efforts to collaborate with stakeholders. Moving forward, we will continue advancing the dialogue with key stakeholders to enhance North Carolina's regulatory framework for recovery of grid investments. This infrastructure will provide significant benefits to our customers, including improved customer control and convenience, and cyber and physical security enhancements while creating thousands of jobs and supporting the state's economy. In addition, our customers' have expressed clear interest in battery storage and other reliability investments, as well as new technologies that enable distributed generation and energy efficiency. We will build on the momentum from our efforts over the last year including the grid settlement with environmental groups in our DEC rate case and generate even broader support for grid investment that aligns with our customers' interests. Moving to slide 6, let me provide an update on some of our other strategic investments. Construction continues in our 1,600 megawatt Citrus County combined-cycle plant in Florida. We have begun commissioning activities. And yesterday, we achieved first fire on Power Block 1, a significant milestone for the project. We are on track to place Unit 1 in service this fall with Unit 2 following by the end of the year. On July 10, the Florida Public Service Commission approved our requested $200 million revenue increase for the plant under the GBRA mechanism. New rates are expected to be implemented the month following the in-service dates. Also in Florida, we filed our first petitions under the solar-based rate adjustment mechanism for two new solar projects. The projects totaling 149 megawatts are expected to come online in December 2018 and March 2020. The requested revenue requirement for the two projects is approximately $30 million. Our Western Carolinas modernization project is progressing well and remains on track for the expected 2019 in-service date. This project fits squarely within our strategic priorities. We are replacing aging coal units with new natural gas-fired generation and utility scale solar and updating transmission and distribution assets, including adding battery storage. We continue to look for opportunities to apply similar solutions elsewhere in our jurisdictions. In July, we launched the first request for proposal for new renewable energy resources in North Carolina under House Bill 589. This 680 megawatt solicitation seeks projects capable of being placed in service by the end of 2020. Bids are due September 11. Recall that Duke can participate in the RFPs with proposals from our Utilities and Commercial Renewables business, subject to certain restrictions. In Commercial Renewables, our 25 megawatt Shoreham Solar facility on Long Island, New York, achieved commercial operation in the third quarter, and we have closed the tax equity financing for this project. Turning to our Gas business on slide 7, we're making significant progress on the Atlantic Coast Pipeline. In May, we received FERC approval to start full construction on the West Virginia portion of the pipeline. We made a similar request for North Carolina and received approval in July. Construction also continues in West Virginia and North Carolina on two of the three compressor stations and other facilities required for the project. We expect the final state permit in Virginia in the coming weeks and are targeting a fourth quarter 2019 in-service date for the project. Last week, we voluntarily requested a temporary suspension of our nationwide permit from the Army Corps of Engineers for water crossings in West Virginia. We remain committed to complying with the permit requirements and the suspension will allow the Army Corps time to thoroughly review our crossing plans. We do not expect any significant delays resulting from this review. And finally last month, we announced Piedmont Natural Gas will construct a new liquefied natural gas facility in North Carolina. This $250 million investment will help Piedmont provide a reliable gas supply to customers during peak usage periods. The facility will be located in Robeson County on property Piedmont already owns. We expect to begin construction in the summer of 2019 with an estimated completion date in the summer of 2021. Piedmont will seek recovery of the investment in a future rate case after the project is in service. As I turn the call over to Steve, our results this quarter show that the fundamentals of our business remain strong. We've continued executing on our long-term strategy, investing in infrastructure our customers value and delivering sustainable growth for our investors. As we head into the third quarter, our achievements reaffirm the confidence we have in the business and reinforce our belief that Duke Energy is the leading energy infrastructure company. Steve, let me turn it to you.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thanks, Lynn. I'll start on slide 8 with quarterly results, including our adjusted earnings per share variances to the prior year quarter. For more detailed information on segment variances versus last year, and a reconciliation of reported to adjusted results, please refer to the supporting materials that accompany today's press release and presentation. On a reported or GAAP basis, 2018 second quarter earnings per share were $0.71 compared to $0.98 last year. Second quarter 2018 adjusted earnings per share was $0.93 compared to $1.01 in the prior year. The difference between reported and adjusted earnings was primarily due to changes related to the DEC rate case order. For the quarter, lower adjusted results compared to the prior year were primarily due to a lower tax shield on holding company interest. As a result of the Tax Act, higher depreciation and higher O&M, partially offset by warmer weather and contributions from the DEP North Carolina rate case. Within the segments, Electric Utilities and Infrastructure results were down $0.03 compared to the prior year. The primary drivers were higher depreciation due to our growing asset base, higher O&M driven by storm costs, and cost related to the resolution of FERC accounting matters that impacted wholesale. Partially offsetting these drivers were favorable weather, the contribution from the DEP North Carolina rate case and increased rider revenues. The growth in rider revenues was primarily due to the recovery of our grid investments in the Midwest and the recovery of qualifying facility power purchases through the fuel rider in North Carolina as a result of House Bill 589. Shifting to Gas Utilities and Infrastructure, as expected results were flat in the quarter. We continue to expect our LDC businesses to provide the bulk of their remaining earnings contribution in the fourth quarter. In our Commercial Renewables segment, results were up $0.02 for the quarter, primarily due to a favorable settlement on a contractual agreement. Finally, Other was down $0.07 due to a lower tax yield on HoldCo interest, as a result of the Tax Act and higher interest expense at the holding company. Based on our results to-date and expectations for the second half of the year, we're tracking to the midpoint of our full year adjusted earnings guidance range of $4.55 to $4.85 per share. Turning to slide 9, let me walk you through our retail volume trends. On a rolling 12-month basis, weather normalized retail electric load growth was 0.3%. Load growth remains particularly strong in our residential class, which was up 1.5% on a rolling 12-month basis. This was largely supported by continued customer growth across our service territories, and in several jurisdictions load grew faster than the number of customers in the quarter, indicating growth in usage per customers like we saw in the first quarter of this year. In the customer class, sales were flat over the rolling 12 months. We continue to see relatively flat volumes from this sector, as strength in leisure and hospitality businesses offset weakness in large retailers competing with online offerings. The industrial class saw a decline of 1.2% on a rolling 12-month basis. Similar to the first quarter, results continue to being impacted by production declines for a few large customers last year and recent outage activities. We expect the impact from these specific declines to peak this quarter and start to diminish in the second half of the year. At a macro level, economic indicators for our service areas remain strong. Population growth is solid and we are now seeing wages in non-urban areas increase for the first time in quite a while. We remain confident in our long-term assumption of 0.5% retail load growth for our electric utilities, supported by healthy economies and growth in our jurisdictions. Turning to slide 10, we have made significant progress addressing tax reform across our utilities. As Lynn mentioned, we received clarity in North Carolina with tax reform incorporated into the DEC rate case. We also reached a constructive tax reform settlement in Indiana. It defines a balanced approach that will ensure customers receive benefits with the base rate reduction in September. The settlement also maintains the utilities credit quality by staggering the return of excess deferred income taxes or EDIT and utilize some of the tax benefits to offset deferred costs. And finally, just last week we filed a request in Ohio to implement a new rider that will flow back all remaining impacts of Federal tax reform to our electric customers in that state, including the return of unprotected EDIT over 10 years. Our successful work to engage stakeholders over the past six months demonstrates our ability to reach balanced solutions and provides us with increased clarity in our largest jurisdictions as we move into the second half of the year. With constructive rulings on tax reform, along with greater clarity from the DEP and DEC rate cases, we have refreshed our credit metric projections. As you can see on slide 11, we now expect our FFO-to-debt metric to be within our target range of 15% to 16% in 2019, a year earlier than originally expected. We met with all three rating agencies to go over these updates, and as Lynn mentioned, Moody's responded just yesterday by lifting our negative outlook and affirming our current ratings at the holding company. We are now at a stable outlook with both Moody's and S&P, further highlighting the successful execution of our plan. As we outlined in February, our financing plan includes a $2 billion equity target for 2018. And to-date, we have priced nearly the entire amount. During the second quarter, we priced $200 million of equity under a forward contract through our ATM program. We also settled half of our March offering in June, drawing down $800 million. We expect to settle all outstanding equity forwards in the fourth quarter. Recall that beyond 2018, we intent to issue $350 million of equity per year through our DRIP and ATM programs, during the remainder of the five-year plan. Our improved credit metrics and Moody's move to stable are further evidence that our financing plan is sound, and we do not expect to issue additional equity over the five-year plan. I'll close with slide 12. It is clear we have the right strategy in place, investing to benefit our customers, growing the business and delivering value for investors. The foundation of our attractive investor value proposition is a growing dividend, which currently yields approximately 4.5%. Coupled with earnings growth of 4% to 6%, this provides a compelling risk-adjusted total shareholder return of 8% to 10%. We believe our combination of scale, diversity in constructive jurisdictions and growth from low-risk regulated investments is unmatched and our consistent execution and demonstrated ability to achieve results position Duke Energy as a core energy infrastructure investment. With that, let's open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our first question from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Jonathan.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks for reiterating your prior statements on the guidance range which we were wondering where that was in the slide deck.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: We appreciate the feedback, Jonathan. You're closely reviewing the slide deck, which is good.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. And then, could I just ask about the industrial sales? Steve, you mentioned that you've been seeing curtailments, but which segment is that in and why are you – can you just give us some more color into your confidence that there's going to be a rebound second half?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Well, I think there will be. We've seen a few customers, about three customers that have had some closings or some outages. I don't want to give any customer information that's specific. We've seen that in the Midwest and in the Carolinas. I will give that information. But we think these are singular, and we think the economic health of our service territories are good, they're good places to do business, and we're seeing economic projects landing in our footprint. And I do think that as we move forward, we'll be lapping, if you will, quarters where these outages began. So, I think we'll see some uplift in the industrial load as we move to the last half of the year because of just that fact.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Without naming names there, can you share what industrial sectors we're talking about?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: We've seen some textiles. We've seen some paper and we've seen some metals.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then, the other question we had was on, you said you were going to come out with the winners in the 589 RFP shortly. Can you remind us sort of what you have in the plan for the utility in terms of renewables, owned renewables, and then maybe what's currently in for Commercial Renewables?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Jonathan, we put all of the renewables capital in one place in the five-year plan, so it's under Commercial Renewables and it's about $1.5 billion over the five-year period. The 589 RFP will close September 11, so in the third quarter or fourth quarter, we should have more clarity on that and we will be bidding into it as I know others will. We have the opportunity to win up to 30%, but also have an opportunity to buy beyond that if we think the economics work for us.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So, we should think of the placeholder in Commercial as potentially being partly in the utility eventually, but it's just all there at the moment?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: That's right. That's right.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: And I think the other point to note on that, Jonathan, is because it's in Commercial, we would expect investment beyond North Carolina in those numbers, right. So, as we continue to pursue commercial development. So everything is in there and as we get more clarity on how the RFP plays out and so on, we'll of course update those numbers. So, there could be some upside potential, but I think the $1.5 billion is a good planning assumption.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks very much.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Claire Zeng - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning. This is actually Claire stepping in for Julien.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi Claire.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Claire.
Claire Zeng - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Sure.
Claire Zeng - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So, my first actually has to do with the South Carolina rate case. So, I know there's been a bit of a political situation down there. Just you're thoughts on timing and your prospects on the case?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Yeah. So Claire, we're evaluating the case in South Carolina and as you know from our history, we typically have investments impacting both of our jurisdictions similarly. So, you can think about a South Carolina case perhaps later this year, towards the end of the year that would then be – go through the process in 2019.
Claire Zeng - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Anything more than a 3Q or 4Q event or just generally second half of year?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: I'm sorry, could you repeat that, we had trouble hearing you a little bit?
Claire Zeng - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Oh, no problem. Any specificity besides end of the year, maybe 3Q or 4Q or are you just saying for now end of the year?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: I would target fourth quarter for filing of a case. It won't be sooner than that.
Claire Zeng - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. That's helpful color. And turning to North Carolina here, do you have any color you can give right now on the grid mod rider strategy for the legislative session for next year and anything we should be watching in the ongoing state elections?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Claire, we have talked about our strategic priority on grid for some time and described that as being a parallel process between the regulatory and the legislative arena. We have a number of options that we're considering. And our objective is to continue to advance the dialogue. We think there are great customer benefits, economic benefits and our role will be to continue to engage with customers and stakeholders to build momentum for what we're trying to achieve. And so, I think what I would leave you with on this is our strategic priority around this has not changed and the work continues and as we have more clarity about specific tactics that we'll pursue, we'll discuss them with you at that time, but it remains front and center priority for us here in the Carolinas.
Claire Zeng - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you for that.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Maheep Mandloi - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi there. Good morning. This is Maheep on behalf of Mike.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Maheep Mandloi - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks for taking the questions. Just on the ACP, could you discuss any potential upside opportunity at Piedmont from the pipeline?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: The ACP is an important investment into the Carolinas to support the Piedmont system, and we have capital in the plan in connection with that expansion that is part of the ordinary course business of supporting the Piedmont system. So, I don't have anything specific that I would point to, but our hope and expectation is that with that additional mainline pipe into the Carolinas that we will see further expansion opportunities with industrials and new customers in that Eastern part of the state that will continue to drive investment.
Maheep Mandloi - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Sorry about that, that was on mute. Thanks for the answer. And just on grid mod rider, could you just talk about how these rate case settlements have helped you getting support for an any grid rider legislations?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: I think about the partial settlement in the DEC case as being an indication of our ability and willingness to sit down with stakeholders, to come up with collaborative approaches. I think it's particularly important as you think about policy and investment strategies and you've seen us in the Carolinas with Renewables, with HB 589 and South Carolina with solar with Senate Bill 236, you saw the partial settlement in the DEC case and I think engagement of stakeholders is an important part of progressing any strategic objective and our approach here will be to continue to advance the dialogue in the Carolinas around grid investment. We have a number of options, more frequent rate cases, regulatory arena, legislation and we will be focusing on all of those. The strategic priority of achieving an outcome remains key to us and our work continues.
Maheep Mandloi - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you for answering the questions.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Christopher Turnure with JPMorgan.
Christopher Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, Lynn and Steve.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Christopher Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Appreciate the reiteration of the 4% to 6% and getting back into the range. I wanted to know given some of the positives that you've received over the past three or so months on the regulatory front and on the credit agency front. Has anything, kind of, changed underlying that 4% to 6% range for better or for worse or is the kind of makeup of how you're going to grow into 2019 and 2020 changed at all?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Chris, it hasn't changed. Our assignment here is to execute the plan that we've put in front of you and that's exactly what we're doing. And I think the track record we've demonstrated here in 2018, whether it's on rate case execution or tax reform resolution or the balance sheet and credit metrics, we've executed across all of those things and that process will continue. And so, we look into 2019 with investments and rate activity, Atlantic Coast Pipeline. We have a number of things that are in front of us and I would summarize our job is to execute and that's where our focus is.
Christopher Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then, my second question is on cost cuts, kind of, underlying the plan. Clearly, you're planning on filing in the Carolinas to support the growth and you have riders in most other jurisdictions, but how important is cost cuts to, kind of, any lag catch-up or preventing any lag from opening up during that time period?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Chris, keeping a focus on productivity and cost while maintaining a focus on operational excellence and serving customers is our job every day. And as we look at what's in our plan, we're planning for O&M to be flat over the period, and have demonstrated our agility around O&M over the last several years, as we have responded to impacts in our business, and we feel like we have a good track record of doing that, and we will exercise that agility if need be. And as I said a moment ago, that's part of execution in my mind.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Yeah, so I would add that controlling O&M costs is essential every day, and it gives us headroom to make more capital investment for our customers that are beneficial at lower rates. So, we work at that every day.
Christopher Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And we should think about that flat over the time period as flat in every individual year or is that just an average?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: I would think about it every year.
Christopher Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, excellent. Thanks guys.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Praful Mehta from Citi.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks, guys. Hi, guys.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Morning.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Hello.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Morning. So, on the FFO, congrats on the improvement, or at least the earlier kind of hitting your target.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Just wanted to understand, what does that mean from a capital allocation perspective? Is that creating headroom for something you could do incremental in terms of CapEx or on the Commercial Renewables side? Just wanted to understand, what's the implication of that for the story?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: I think capital allocation is something, Praful, we look at every year in connection with our five-year plan. And we do have some opportunities coming up with HB 589, the Commercial business always remains. But our commitment to that balance sheet strength is also critical and maintaining within those targets is the way we manage the plan, and so we'll provide an update on capital allocation and optimization when we come to you in February with guidance. But I wouldn't share anything more specific than that at this point. Steve, any further thoughts?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: I agree. We'll look at our capital plan. We have an extensive capital optimization process where we look across jurisdictions and functions and try to find the optimal placing of capital. And we'll continue that process but we'll have further updates later.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you, thanks guys. And then just stepping back I think like you said Lynn, you've had a very good trajectory in 2018 with some good rate case outcomes or regulatory outcomes. Clearly your credit pressure is now behind you or mostly behind you. How are you now looking forward strategically? I get the execution is still the focus which clearly is great, but strategically is there anything else in your radar that you are thinking about that needs to be done either M&A-wise or anything else from a portfolio management perspective?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Nothing specific on portfolio management, Praful, but demonstrating organic growth is – I'd just like to emphasize that as part of execution, so this is getting this grid investment to work, it's delivering the benefits to customers, delivering returns, continuing to grow the dividend. That I would put at the top of the list of strategic priorities for the company.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: All right. Great. Thanks guys.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Andrew Weisel from Scotia Howard Weil.
Andrew Weisel - Scotia Howard Weil: Hey good morning everyone.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Andrew Weisel - Scotia Howard Weil: Before I get to my question, I just want to clarify if I heard you right. For grid modernization, are you suggesting that the rider would have helped, but it's not the only way and would you move forward with accelerating some of those initiatives without a potential legislative fix?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: So, the grid rider is not the only way, Andrew, I would say, and we will always pace our investment in a way that makes sense for the recovery strategy. That's part of capital optimization that Steve talked about a moment ago. And so, our work continues here to pursue appropriate next steps. We'll keep the dialogue going, bringing stakeholders together on the way forward. But we'll look at capital relative to the tactical plan around recovery and make the appropriate adjustments that we need to make.
Andrew Weisel - Scotia Howard Weil: Okay, good. That's helpful. Then a two-part question on Renewables. First under HB 589, you mentioned there's that 30% cap that you could acquire beyond that cap. When might deals like that potentially be announced? Would it be at the time of the RFP decision, during construction or maybe after it begins operations?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: I believe they would be after bids have been selected and winners of bids have been selected that some of those types of transactions might subsequently occur.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: When I think about September 11, RFP closes, there'll be some reviewed analysis. I would assume following that, winners would be announced subsequently. Then, we have an opportunity to perhaps purchase some. We'll see where we performed in the RFP. So, this will play out over the next couple of quarters, it's the way I would think about it Andrew.
Andrew Weisel - Scotia Howard Weil: Great. That's helpful. Then lastly, if I understand correctly, Shoreham was your first tax equity financing. How would you describe your appetite for more tax equity deals going forward? And how would you describe the market for it?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: We do have an appetite for using tax equity in our deals. Shoreham was the first that we've executed on. And there is a market out there for tax equity. There is the tax appetite there and that's useful to us in our Commercial Renewables business. So we'll continue in that direction.
Andrew Weisel - Scotia Howard Weil: Very good. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. Ms. Lynn Good, at this time I would like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Well thank you everyone for your questions and your interest and investment in Duke Energy. We look forward to speaking with many of you over the days and weeks to come and look forward to a successful third and fourth quarter. Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-10 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Callahan - Duke Energy Corp. Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp. Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.
Analysts: Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Duke Energy first quarter earnings call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Callahan, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Callahan - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you, Alan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Duke Energy's first quarter 2018 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chairman, President and CEO, along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide 2 presents the Safe Harbor statement which accompanies our presentation materials. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on duke-energy.com and in today's materials. Please note, the appendix for today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures. As summarized on slide 3, during today's call, Lynn will briefly discuss our financial and operational highlights for the quarter. She will also provide an update on key regulatory activity and progress we've made advancing our strategic investment plan. Steve will provide an overview of our first quarter financial results and insight about economic and low growth trends. He will then provide an update on tax reform and our financing plan before closing with key investor considerations. With that, let me turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Today we announced adjusted earnings per share of $1.28, marking a strong start to 2018. It's clear our long-term strategy is delivering results. We made progress on our strategic investments and regulatory initiatives and continue to expand our electric and gas infrastructure businesses with solid customer and volume growth across our service areas. With these results, we remain on track to deliver our 2018 EPS guidance range of $4.55 to $4.85 per share and our long-term earnings growth CAGR of 4% to 6% through 2022. In response to tax reform and consistent with the plans we shared with you in February, we successfully executed a $1.6 billion equity offering in March. We also remain on track for the additional steps that we outlined, reducing capital by $1 billion over the five-year plan and maintaining a sharp focus on operational cost efficiency. Overall, I'm confident we have the right approach to financing our investments. And S&P reaffirmed our credit ratings and stable outlook in March. On this slide, we've also highlighted other notable accomplishments during the quarter that demonstrate the dedication of our employees and their focus on delivering affordable, safe, reliable, and increasingly clean energy. This was recognized by EEI [Edison Electric Institute], which ranked Duke Energy number one in safety in the industry for the third year in a row. And on May 1, Forbes honored our commitment to engaging, developing, and retaining our workforce, naming Duke Energy as a top employer. Turning to slide 5, let me provide an update on our regulatory activities during the quarter. Last year we filed two rate cases, one for Duke Energy Progress and one for Duke Energy Carolinas. In late February, the North Carolina Utilities Commission issued an order in our DEP case, approving new rates associated with our $8.1 billion rate base, including our investments in four new solar projects and gas-fired generation at Sutton and Asheville. The decision approved a 9.9% ROE on a 52% equity component of the capital structure. The order also clarified coal ash cost recovery. We received approval to amortize $234 million out of a requested $240 million in deferred costs over a five-year period and with a full debt and equity return. Ongoing coal ash costs will be deferred with a return and be considered in the next DEP rate case. Hearings in DEC ended in March, and in late April we filed a post-hearing brief reiterating our positions in the case. We used the opportunity to introduce a modified proposal of a grid rider for the commission's consideration. We also addressed our views regarding tax reform. We proposed reducing customer rates, accounting for the lower federal income tax rate, and returning unprotected access deferred income taxes to customers over 5 to 20 years. The timeline is dependent upon the nature of the items that created the deferral. Finally, we requested to offset a portion of the revenue decrease with the amortization of regulatory assets, accelerated depreciation, or recovery of environmental expenditures. We believe our proposals included in the post-hearing brief strike an appropriate balance of delivering value to customers while providing returns to investors and maintaining the strength of the utility's balance sheet. A decision is expected in late May or early June. In Ohio, we filed a settlement agreement in April, which addresses both the electric distribution rate case and our pending ESP proceeding. It includes the extension of our distribution capital investment rider through 2025, giving us clear line of sight for recovery of our investments. The rider is subject to increasing revenue caps through 2025. In addition, the settlement establishes a new PowerForward rider to recover costs to enhance the customer experience and further transform the grid, including investments as a result of the Ohio Commission's own PowerForward initiative. Also in April, we received a positive order from the Kentucky Public Service Commission in our electric base rate case. It established a new rider to recover environmental expenditures, including those related to coal ash. We have made clear progress achieving constructive regulatory outcomes, including modernizing our regulatory constructs. We continue to demonstrate our ability to work with stakeholders to achieve balanced solutions that benefit customers and support our growth plan. Moving to slide 6, I want to provide an update on our efforts to transform the way we generate energy. With three new natural gas plants either online or under construction, we're committed to reducing our carbon footprint and leveraging the overlap between our electric and gas businesses. Our W.S. Lee plant, located in South Carolina, began serving customers on April 5, with our Piedmont subsidiary delivering gas using new infrastructure put in place for the project. In Florida, we expect Citrus County to begin operations soon, with Unit 1 online in the fall and unit 2 by the end of the year. This plant, totaling 1,600 megawatts, will allow us to retire two coal-fired units at Crystal River. In April, we filed a request with the Florida Public Service Commission to recover our investment in Citrus County via the GBRA mechanism once the units are placed in service. Our filing included an increase to the revenue requirement of approximately $200 million per year. New rates are expected to be fully updated in the fourth quarter. Our Western Carolinas modernization project is progressing and remains on track for an expected 2019 in-service date. We're also investing in our Commercial Renewables business. We anticipate our 25-megawatt Shoreham solar facility to come online in the second quarter, one of the largest solar projects in New York. This is our first project in New York and expands our Commercial Renewables footprint to 14 states. We put tax equity financing in place for this project and will continue to use this funding source moving forward. In addition to these clean energy projects, we recently issued two key reports, our annual Sustainability Report and our Climate Report. The Climate Report outline steps we're taking to mitigate risks from climate change and includes analysis of a 2-degree scenario. Importantly, our current plan to achieve a 40% carbon reduction by 2030 is consistent with the pathway to achieving this 2-degree scenario. This new report is another example of our longstanding commitment to the environment and our stakeholders. Moving to slide 7, let me update you on our natural gas business. We made significant progress on the Atlantic Coast Pipeline in the first quarter, completing approximately 200 miles of tree-felling along the 600-mile route, or approximately 75% of the miles planned for 2018. The remaining miles will be addressed later this fall when the tree-felling window opens again. In April, we received FERC approval to begin full construction on the Northampton Compressor Station in North Carolina. This marks the second of three compressor stations for which we have full construction approval, representing another meaningful step for the project. We also requested approval from FERC to start full construction on the West Virginia portion of the pipeline, where tree-felling has been completed or was not required. While we await the final state permits in Virginia, these milestones keep the project on track for a fourth quarter 2019 in-service date. Turning to Sabal Trail, the lateral line to our Citrus County natural gas plant is in service, allowing us to begin operational testing prior to bringing the plant online to serve customers. FERC reissued the certificate for Sabal Trail, reaffirming that the project will not result in a significant impact on the environment. Recently, the project partners successfully completed the permanent financing, raising approximately $1.5 billion to return capital to the project owners now that construction is complete. Duke's share of the proceeds is approximately $100 million. Finally, one quick note on the recent FERC NOPR regarding tax reform, Duke Energy's midstream investments in ACP and Sabal Trial are over 90% contracted with negotiated rates and 20 to 25-year contracts. We believe the proposed rulemaking does not impact our projects. As I turn it over to Steve, our results for this quarter show that the fundamentals of our business remain strong and we are well-positioned as we move ahead in 2018. Our industry continues to transform, requiring us to execute, anticipate, and adapt. That remains our focus, as we invest in infrastructure our customers' value and deliver sustainable growth for our investors. We're delivering on our strategy and I remain confident in our vision to be the leading energy infrastructure company. So, Steve, let me turn it to you.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thanks, Lynn. Let's start with quarterly results. I will cover the highlights on slide 8 and discuss our adjusted earnings per share variances compared to the prior-year quarter. For more detailed information on segment variances versus last year and a reconciliation of reported results to adjusted results, please refer to the supporting materials that accompany today's press release and presentation. On a reported or GAAP basis, 2018 first quarter earnings per share were $0.88 compared to $1.02 last year. First quarter 2018 adjusted earnings per share was $1.28 compared to $1.04 in the prior year. The most significant drivers of the difference between reported and adjusted earnings in the quarter were charges related to the sale of the retired Beckjord plant in Ohio; the recognition of a valuation allowance related to the Tax Act; charges related to the DEP rate order; and an impairment of Duke Energy's investment in the Constitution Pipeline. Higher adjusted results in the quarter were principally due to weather, as well as growth in our electric and gas businesses. Within the segments, Electric Utilities and Infrastructure results were up $0.26 compared to the prior year. Weather was the primary driver with a $0.16 increase, as we returned to more normal weather in the first quarter compared to the warmer winter weather a year ago. We also had higher retail revenues from pricing and riders, primarily driven by three factors; generation base rate or GBRA increases in Florida that took effect last year related to our Hines and Osprey facilities; grid riders in the Midwest; and the recovery of qualifying facility power purchases through the fuel rider in North Carolina as a result of HB 589. We also saw higher retail electric volumes in the quarter, which I'll discuss in more detail in a moment. O&M was favorable $0.04 in the quarter, but this favorability is expected to reverse in future quarters. Finally, the Electric segment benefited from lower income tax expense of $0.06, including impacts of the Tax Act. A portion of this benefit is related to tax levelization and is expected to reverse later this year, as excess deferred income taxes are reflected in customer rates. Higher depreciation and amortization expense partially offset the positive drivers, primarily due to growth in the asset base. Shifting to our Gas Utilities and Infrastructure segment, results were up $0.03 for the quarter. The increase was largely driven by customer growth and increased investments at Piedmont, including higher rate base from integrity management investments and required infrastructure for our W.S. Lee plant. This is another example of the complementary nature of our electric and gas businesses. In Commercial Renewables, we were down $0.01 for the quarter. This was driven by lower wind resources compared to last year. Finally, Other was down $0.04 due to higher interest expense at the holding company and higher income tax expense, including a lower tax shield on HoldCo interest as a result of the Tax Act. The lower tax shield and other impacts on the new law across our business segments, including the timing of these impacts, are consistent with our full-year 2018 planning assumptions. Overall, we had a very solid start to the year and look forward to delivering on our plan in the coming quarters. Turning to slide 9, let me walk you through our retail volume trends. On a rolling 12-month basis, weather-normalized retail electric load growth was 0.6%, consistent with our long-term planning assumption of 0.5%. The residential class exhibited particular strength, growing 1.9% on a rolling 12-month basis. Importantly, load grew faster than the number of customers this quarter, indicating usage growth per customer. We see this as a positive economic indicator and will continue to closely track customer usage trends. Population growth remains strong in our service territories, especially in Florida and North Carolina, which were ranked among the top five states for population gains in 2017. We were also encouraged to see strength in the Cincinnati metro area, and Nashville remains one of the fastest growing cities in the country. As we look ahead, positive trends in employment and wages and continued strength in the housing market are expected to drive ongoing residential growth. Residential building permit activity remains high, especially in the single-family category. In the commercial class, sales across our jurisdictions were slightly down over the rolling 12 months. We continue to see some weakness in large retailers as they compete with online offerings. Yet, strength in leisure and hospitality businesses have offset this to some degree. Small business confidence remains high, providing optimism for future growth in this sector. Turning to industrials, on a rolling 12-month basis, the sector declined 0.5%. This decrease is primarily due to production declines at a couple of large customers in the middle of last year and recent outage activities. Industries that support sales to consumers, such as construction and housing, continue to perform well, which partially offsets the decline. On a macro level, positive economic growth is a tailwind, with leading economic indicators remaining high. Overall, we remain confident in our long-term assumption of 0.5% retail load growth in our electric utilities and continue to be optimistic for the economic prospects within our service territories. Shifting to slide 10, we are making progress in addressing tax reform across our jurisdictions. As we said in February, our approach is to target solutions that provide benefits to customers while smoothing customer rate volatility and supporting the credit quality of the utilities. In several of our jurisdictions, we have proposed using a portion of the lower tax expense to accelerate depreciation, recover environmental costs, or amortize regulatory assets. Our solution at Duke Energy Florida is a great example of this. Earlier this year, we received commission approval to use tax reform benefits to offset Hurricane Irma costs and accelerate the depreciation of older coal-fired generation units. Elsewhere, revenues recovered via riders will be updated for the lower federal income tax rate as the rider filings are made in the ordinary course. The remaining portions of the tax law, including the treatment of excess deferred income taxes, are being addressed in separate tax reform dockets or in base rate case proceedings. In DEC North Carolina, we expect the commission to address tax reform in our pending rate case and look forward to the commission's decision in the coming weeks. For DEP North Carolina, we recommended addressing tax reform in the next rate case proceedings. Our proposals and rate outcomes today on tax reform are consistent with the objectives we outlined on our fourth quarter call. We will continue to respond to our state regulators and other stakeholders in the coming months as these proceedings progress. Next, let me take a moment on slide 11 to discuss the strength of our balance sheet. As Lynn mentioned, in early March we successfully executed a $1.6 billion equity offering, which included a full exercise of the overallotment option by the underwriters. We also issued $50 million of equity via the DRIP in the first quarter. We will issue the remaining $350 million for 2018 using both the DRIP and our ATM program. Recall that beyond 2018, we intend to continue issuing $350 million of equity per year for the remainder of the five-year plan. We remain on track to achieve our FFO-to-debt target by 2020. In addition to the equity issuances, our cash flow profile and credit quality are further supported by our regulatory modernization efforts and an active regulatory calendar. This cash flow support includes recovery of deferred coal ash costs, which we are now recovering from our DEP North Carolina and South Carolina retail customers as well as our wholesale customers. I would also like to remind folks of the material cash flow benefit related to our $1.1 billion of AMT credits that are now refundable under the Tax Act. Beginning in 2019, the value of these credits will be refunded to the company regardless of whether or not we have taxable income. The legislation front-loads the refund schedule, with 50% of the unused credits refundable each year. This has a significant positive effect on our funds from operations over the refund period. We've also included in our appendix more information on the FFO-to-debt metric, including the implications of coal ash spend, Crystal River 3 securitization, and the effects of purchase accounting. We share these adjustments and the logic behind them with the rating agencies on a regular basis. S&P took a constructive view of the credit quality of the company in March, affirming Duke Energy's current ratings and keeping the company on a stable outlook. In its report, the agency noted two items as credit positive, the commission's approval of coal ash recovery in the DEP rate case order and our commitment to issue equity, including $2 billion of equity in 2018. Going forward, the agencies will look for continued constructive regulatory outcomes and execution of our long-term plan. We believe a strong balance sheet is necessary to invest on behalf of our customers and investors, and we have taken an important steps to support our credit quality. We remain confident in our equity financing plan. It is sufficient to support the strength of the balance sheet and our growth investments, and we do not expect to issue additional equity over the remaining $350 million per year in the five-year plan. Before I close, I want to take a moment to remind you of our long-term earnings growth guidance, as shown on slide 12. Our long-term earnings growth CAGR of 4% to 6% through 2022 is based off of $4.60 per share in 2017, the midpoint of our original 2017 guidance. While the midpoint of this year's guidance range is below this growth rate, we expect to be back to the low end of the 4% to 6% CAGR by next year. As our higher rate base growth and regulatory recovery accumulates, we expect to be at the mid to high end of the range in 2020 and beyond. I'll close with our investor value proposition on slide 13. We continue to offer an attractive 8% to 10% shareholder return that balances the 4% to 6% earnings growth with a strong and growing dividend. Our growth is driven by low-risk regulated investments that are supported by our strong balance sheet. Our attractive yield and demonstrated ability to reliably grow our regulated businesses position Duke Energy as the leading infrastructure investment. With that, let's open the line for your questions.
Operator: We'll first go to Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Steve, you may have given more on this than I picked up in the remarks, so I apologize if that's the case. But I was just wondering if you could give us a little more color into the benefits of tax reform that are retained in the Utilities and Infrastructure segment this quarter, perhaps quantify how much that was, how it's arising, and then to what extent you expect it to be an incremental benefit during the rest of the year.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: What we saw in the quarter looking AVA [Average Value Analysis], we saw $0.06 favorability related to income taxes. A couple of things are going on there. I mentioned the accounting levelization rules require smoothing of tax benefits over the year, and that accounts for $0.02 or $0.03 of that favorability. We also utilized some tax optimization efforts that helped provide some benefits in income tax as well. But there is the levelization that will turn around to the extent I described.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: And, Jonathan, maybe just to add to that, the overall guidance that we provided in February for the impact of tax reform, we are on track for that. What you're seeing is just some quarter-to-quarter levelization resulting from the application of GAAP, but we are on track with the guidance we gave you in February.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, so that incorporates some earnings pickup from the fact that the riders won't be implemented till they get implemented and the DEP happening in the next case. Am I my understanding that right?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: The cash flow implications of retaining those benefits would be reflected in the results. We are deferring in every jurisdiction, I believe, Steve, tax benefits. So you can think about it as cash flow financing benefit, Jonathan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, so what you're calling out as an earnings driver is purely the timing. It's not the cash benefit.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: That's right. What is an earnings driver here is the levelization primarily that Lynn described. There have been some tax optimization efforts that are in the results. That's separate from the Tax Act issue.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, thank you for that. And just one other topic, can you give us an update of how you feel about your goals that you've laid out in Commercial Renewables and just the state of the market competitive-wise there?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Jonathan, we're on track in 2018 in the Commercial Renewables segment. The variance that you see in the quarter is more weather-related, but the backlog of projects and what we expect to close in 2018 remains on track. As you know, it's a competitive market, and we expect it to continue to be.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: All right. Next we'll go to Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Quick question, the 15% to 16% FFO-to-debt target for 2020 to 2022 and 14% for 2018, how much would that be impacted if – how much of that is dependent on the outcome of the DEP case? How could it change positive or negative as a result of the outcome?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Well, I think the DEP case was very constructive. I think it's overall in line with our expectations as a whole...
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: I'm sorry, but the DEC case.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Okay. We've modeled a number of scenario outcomes. The DEC case we'll learn about in a few weeks, but I think we have a number of levers to pull to still meet our credit metrics over our plan.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Michael, if you look at the DEP case, a very constructive outcome addressing all of the capital, substantially all of the deferred coal ash. We believe we put on a very strong case for DEC, and we'll know more on the specifics late May or June, but I think the precedent established in the DEP case is how you should think about DEC. And then tax reform would be the addition to DEC that I would point to, and we were specific in our recommendations around tax reform in our post-hearing brief that we filed at the end of April. Our intent has always been that customers should see the benefit of the reduction in rates from 35% to 21%, and we have proposed an amortization period for the unprotected, which we think strikes a good balance. So as Steve said, we always model a variety of scenarios on these things, but feel like we're on track to deliver those metrics, and we're certainly committed to do that. And if at any point there's a timing or shortfall, we do have levers, as Steve indicated, to make sure we remain on track.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Just to follow up on that, the real question is, the current equity issuance of $2 billion target for this year, does that incorporate even your worst-case scenarios for the outcome of the case, or is there a possibility there might be more?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Yes, it does.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Michael, I think the thing I would think about on tax reform, which is really probably the most significant open item because we don't yet have commission approval, it comes down to the treatment of the unprotected deferred taxes. And so we're not talking about a wide degree of variability for a company of our size. And we're talking about amortization periods ranging from 5 years to 20 years that we proposed. So I think it's important to bound that uncertainty exposure as you think about our confidence.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got you, but you've bounded – possible outcomes on the unprotected tax refunds are built into that equity issuance plan, right?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Absolutely.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, good. Thank you.
Operator: And next we'll go to Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning, Steve.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, good morning. Good morning, Lynn.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: So just first, do you have any sense from Moody's on when they might revisit the negative outlook given the equity issuance you did and the like?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Steve, we can't project with certainty what Moody's timing is. The one thing I would point to though is that their report earlier this year and your outlook action was really centered around tax reform. So I would expect as we move through the resolution of the DEC case, you'll get a clear picture of North Carolina. We already have Florida dialed in. Kentucky is visible, and we have dockets open in both Ohio and Indiana. So I feel like more information is going to become available over the next several months around tax reform in our larger jurisdictions, and we'll certainly be anxious to share all of that with Moody's.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, great. And then the $1.1 billion of refundable AMT credits, so in 2019 and 2020, are you just essentially getting tax money, essentially refunds from the government on taxes?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Yes, that's correct.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: That's correct.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Overall, because you also have your NOL and other...
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: We're getting that as cash.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then just technically the $1.1 billion, that's a direct number. That's not like a – do we tax effect that, or is that a direct?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: That's a direct number. That's (32:01).
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Direct cash, okay. Okay, thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you, Steve.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: All right.
Operator: And next we'll go to Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. So I wanted to follow up on a couple of things. First, if we can go to the modernization side of the equation, starting with Ohio, PowerForward, obviously that's success on that front. Does that change your CapEx at all? Obviously, it wouldn't be too meaningful. And then secondly, related to that, can you talk on the outcome of the latest rate cases in the Carolinas and to what extent that might shift things?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: So we're pleased with the result of the settlement in Ohio, Julien, but we need to get through a commission process. So there are hearings in July, but feel good about the settlement we were able to bring to the table. I think the PowerForward part of that rider will include projects that will impact customer experience, so our replacement of customer systems will be included in there. But we'd also expect the Ohio Commission, as they continue their work on their initiatives, to perhaps identify some things that we could invest in. Those would be incremental to our plan. So overall, I would look at the result – the settlement in Ohio as being consistent with our plan with modest upside. And in the Carolinas, I think we talked a number of times about grid investment being a priority in the Carolinas. We'll be watching closely the results of the DEC case and then determining our strategy for legislation in 2019 and beyond to see if there's additional legislative certainty that we need to provide in order to set a pathway for further investment in the Carolinas. So that's what I would share with you about modernization in the Carolinas.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Excellent. And then turning back to the overall guidance, not to wordsmith things too much, but I just wanted to understand what you're saying about 2019 guidance. Last time, I think you guys talked about being "within the guidance range by 2019." And I think this go around, you talk about being back to the lower end of the 4% to 6%. Is that something to do with the timing of the equity and within the plan, or am I just being too nitpicky here?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Julien, the message has been the same. If you go back and reference where we were in February, it has always been low end of the range in 2019 and then mid-to-high in 2020 and beyond as we see the rate base growth and the investment and so on. So no change in message, but we'll be at the low end of the range in 2019.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Excellent. Sorry, just quick nitpicky thing on the tax side real quickly. Obviously Ohio, that issue I think got pushed out from the settlement conversations. What's the latest expectation on resolving that?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: There's a docket in Ohio. I'd expect it to move through a process in 2018, Julien, but I don't have anything more specific than that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Excellent, thank you all very much, best of luck.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: All right, next we'll go to Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you, good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning. First, Steve, I wanted to just make sure I had heard something earlier when you talked about first quarter and some timing-related issues. One was tax levelization, as you clarified. If I heard you right as well, I think you mentioned there was about a $0.04 pickup in O&M, also timing related that would reverse over the course of the year. Did I hear that right?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Yes, that's correct.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: We've seen some favorable O&M in the first quarter, but some of that was related to timing of purchases and so forth, so that may turn around.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, got it. And then secondly, when I look at the rate base data that you've given us through 2022, at least just looking at that data, it appears that the growth in rate base actually slows down 2020 and beyond. So I'm just wondering how to reconcile that with the point that earnings growth should actually accelerate 2020 and beyond. So how do we reconcile those two things?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Ali, I would first think about 2020 as being the completion of a number of important projects that we'll begin to see impact and then fuller impact. So ACP, Western Carolina, the step-in in Florida, the riders in Ohio and Indiana, environmental spend in Indiana. And then as you get further out in the period, we will continue to drive investment in our strategic priority areas of grid, clean energy, gas, and renewables. And those plans will be more fine-tuned as time progresses. What we've given you is ranges and expectations, but we will fine-tune the numbers in 2021 and 2022 as we get closer.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got it. And last question, Lynn, remind us also. When is the next big rate case cycle that we should think about once you're done with the North Carolina cases now over this planning period?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: So as I think about jurisdictions, we're set in Florida if the settlement is improved. Ohio is in good shape. We just finished a case in Kentucky. We have a number of trackers in Indiana. We continue to think about is it time to come in for a full case, so that's something that will be under evaluation. And then the Carolinas, we'll be anxious to see the results of the DEC case, and that will inform our timing. But as we've talked about a number of times, we believe the investment profile in the Carolinas matched with great value and benefits to customers is a good one. We're looking for ways we can modernize the construct. And in the interim, we'll be filing cases to deliver returns to investors and match those benefits to customers. So we'll have more specifics though on the timing after we digest the DEC case.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got it, thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Now we'll go to Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Thank you for...
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hello.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, Lynn. Thank you guys for taking my call – my question. I actually have a couple. The first one is can you quantify under tax reform and the tax law changes at a companywide level for your regulated operating companies? And I'm just looking for the total company level, not by subsidiary. What is the excess or unprotected add/fit (38:43), that balance? What do you estimate that to be, that likely over multiple, multiple years will likely get refunded back to customers?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: We've got about $6.3 billion of excess deferreds on our books, Michael, total company. And of that, about $4.5 billion is protected, and unprotected is about $1.8 billion.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So the $4.5 billion should qualify under normalization like we saw after the 1986 Tax Act and go back to customers over a long life period, and the other staff, it's more negotiable?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: That's correct.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you. The other thing, and this is more of a regulatory or rate-making question. When you look at your capital spend forecast over the next couple years, how much of that – is there a rule of thumb of how much of that capital spend is covered via trackers or riders versus covered via traditional historical looking rate case processes?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: It will vary per jurisdiction, Michael. Certainly, we have a number of trackers in the Midwest that cover a lot of the capital there. We got the multiyear rate planning in Florida that provides us very efficient recovery. The Carolinas, the larger jurisdiction which has a lot of the CapEx, has fewer trackers at this point in time. So it's hard to give a rule of thumb there for the enterprise as a whole.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got you.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Michael, in the Carolinas, as you know, modernizing has been a priority. So if you think about HB 589, we now do have tracking mechanisms in the Carolinas around renewables, and we've put in front of the commission grid tracking. So our objective over the five-year period is to make progress in the Carolinas. But I think if you look at the Midwest and Florida, substantial, over 50%, 60%, 70% perhaps are covered by trackers in those jurisdictions.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it, thank you, Lynn. And thank you, Steve, much appreciated.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Sure.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And next we'll go to Praful Mehta with Citi.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks very much. Hi, guys.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Hello.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: So, Steve, just to clarify – and by the way, slide 23 is very helpful in terms of the deferred taxes. But just to clarify, on that $1.8 billion of unprotected, what amount do we have clarity right now of the five years, and what amount is uncertain in terms of the timing of the refund? And the reason for the question, just to give you the context, is I was just trying to figure out where in that FFO-to-debt range can your metrics vary depending on the outcome of the deferred income taxes.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Sure. Of the $1.8 billion of unprotected excess deferreds, about $1.1 billion is at DEC and about $300 million is at Duke Energy Progress, so the bulk of it is in the Carolinas. The remaining portions are in Indiana and Florida. So the big piece of that is in the Carolinas.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: And I think, Praful, as you think about this DEC case, we'll get some visibility into the unprotected for DEC within the next couple months. And we've put forward a proposal of amortization between 5 and 20 years, tying that amortization period to the asset class, the nature of the items that resulted in the deferred taxes. And as I've said a moment ago, we'll learn more from the commission as we see the results in the DEC rate case.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you, fair enough. That makes sense. But just so if there is pushback or a request for faster refunds than what you have currently assumed, I guess, in your metrics, your FFO-to-debt metrics, does that put pressure on credit at all, or do you think most scenarios that you can get back in terms of the rate case or the settlement are kind of incorporated within your current plan?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Praful, we're confident on this. If you think about $1.1 billion over a 5 year or 10-year period and the scale of the company, the amount of capital we spend, the regulatory activity that we have to generate cash flow, we feel like we have scenarios and levers that we can exercise and manage variability. So I'd leave it at that. Steve?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Right, I would echo that as well. We have efforts under capital optimization looking at our O&M spend that can help offset this, just a number of levers to pull.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you, fair enough. That's helpful. And then secondly on tax equity, I saw that with one of your solar projects, you're looking at tax equity financing, and you mentioned this will be a bigger part going forward. It sounds like it makes sense given your cash tax profile. How attractive is the tax equity market right now? How big a player do you look to be in that tax equity? I'm assuming that is a part of your FFO-to-debt strategy as well to improve metrics. So just a little bit of color around that would be helpful.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Sure, the tax equity market is still very viable. It is in fact being used at our Shoreham facility, our solar farm in New York, and we'll continue to utilize that. As you mentioned, our tax position puts us as a candidate for that. And I think the markets there, it is an important part of our Commercial Renewables profile. So we'll utilize that as we go forward.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Praful, the capital that we laid out with you in February is still a good planning assumption for Commercial Renewables. We just look at tax equity as a tool we'll use to put that capital to work.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you, fair enough. Thanks so much, guys, I appreciate it.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Next we'll go to Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hey, good morning, guys. My question is...
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Shar.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hi. Lynn, my questions were just answered. Thanks so much.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: All right, thank you.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: All right.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Bye, guys.
Operator: Okay. We'll go to Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning, Paul.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: At renewables, you were down $0.01, which you attributed to wind resource. Was that a net number? In other words, did you have growth from incremental projects more than offset by more than $0.01 of core wind resource?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Yes, that's a net number.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Assuming wind resource had been flat, what would the segment have done?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: I'd have to look at that a little bit further, Paul. But the results were down $0.01, and that's primarily due to wind resource and there's some additional resources, but it's not significant.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay, thank you. And then back to Steve's question, the $1.1 billion of AMTs, so what net number will you be receiving from the IRS next year? Do you expect the full $550 million?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Yes, in the range of that amount, 50% of the $1.1 billion, we'll get that next year.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And that's net of what you'll be paying the IRS. In other words, you'll be not a cash taxpayer?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: That's the amount from the AMT, and we're not a cash taxpayer on any other front. And the AMT...
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: ...is not tied to taxable income in any way. It's just an amount you get regardless of where you're at on your tax return.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Christopher Turnure with JPMorgan.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, Lynn and Steve.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Chris.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I appreciate the extra detail on Atlantic Coast. That was very helpful. Thank you for that, just a couple clarifications. Could you maybe give us a little bit more on how you're feeling in North Carolina about the grid mod rider? Staff didn't like it but did admit that they would prefer that it has a cost cap and some other conditions if they did approve it. So how are you feeling there, and how much does the tax benefits to the customers in general kind of weigh in on commission and intervener thinking there?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: So on the grid investment, Chris, I think what we saw in the hearing is just a continuation of a good discussion about the nature of the investments, the benefits they can deliver, the impact on customer bills. And so as we put together our post-hearing brief, we really addressed a number of the issues that were expressed during the hearing process and put in front of the commission what I would call kind of a step-in for the rider, a three-year proposal with a cap that was responsive to the feedback that we received. So I would think about this as being a continuation of our strategy to keep the conversation going about the grid. I actually think there's a very little disagreement about the need for the investment. I think the benefits to customers are clear, and we are trying to find the right way to put that investment in place for the benefit of customers in a way that makes sense to the commission, public staff, et cetera. I think tax reform represents a great opportunity because you have an opportunity to reduce impact to customers, at the same time you're driving investment. So I think they're complementary in that regard. And so we look forward to continuing the dialogue. And as we've shared previously, we have thought about the grid investment and modernization as being dual-track. Focusing on the regulatory process certainly, but also having legislation is something that we would also consider as we continue our work to modernize regulation.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, that's helpful. I think we'll have to wait and see there. And then just two tax clarification questions, when do you expect to become a cash taxpayer again? And I guess that question would exclude any noise from the AMT credit you're getting the next two years. And then the second question is just on the South Carolina approval from the commission on tax reform there. Do you pay a return to customers on the deferred balance?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: On the first question, we do not expect to be a cash taxpayer in our five-year plan, so it's after 2022 when that happens. And help me on your second question again on South Carolina.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So you guys just got the okay a couple weeks back to defer taxes and not have it addressed by the commission until your next rate case filings there.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Yes.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: In the interim, do you pay a return on that deferred tax liability owed to customers?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: No, we're just deferring those costs at this point.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Then the commission will determine how to deal with that at that time of the proceeding. We're just deferring those benefits right now.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, that's good to hear. Thank you, guys.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: All right, thanks, Chris.
Operator: And it looks like we have no further questions at this time, so I'd like to turn it back over to Ms. Lynn Good, for any closing remarks.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: We want to thank everyone for participating, good questions today. We look forward to connecting with you over the next several weeks. And I appreciate your investment and interest in Duke Energy.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank everyone again, for their participation.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-20 10:53:00) =====
Executives: Michael Callahan - Vice President of Investor Relations Lynn Good - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Steven Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Shar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities LLC Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Paz - Wolfe Research Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Duke Energy Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Mike Callahan, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Callahan: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Duke Energy’s fourth quarter 2017 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chairman, President and CEO; along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today’s discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide two presents a safe harbor statement, which accompanies our presentation materials. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on dukeenergy.com and in today’s materials. Please note the appendix for today’s presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced adjusted earnings per share of $4.57, closing on a very successful year for our company. We made progress on our strategic investments and delivered earnings at the high-end of our narrowed guidance range, demonstrating flexibility and cost management and largely offsetting the impacts of mild weather. Our workforce pushed forward on our long-term transformation and never lost side of our responsibility to meet the everyday needs of our customers. We also announced our 2018 adjusted EPS guidance range of $4.55 to $4.85, which includes the impacts of tax reform and planned equity issuances to maintain the strength of our balance sheet. We are reaffirming our 4% to 6% growth rate through 2021 up at the midpoint of our original guidance range in 2017 and extending the growth rate through 2022. Rate base growth from our investments plan coupled with additional rate base from the impact of tax reform will place us within the guidance range by 2019 and at the high, mid to high-end of the range in 2020 and beyond. Steve will provide more context about our financial results, discuss our capital growth plan and share how we are incorporating the impact of tax reform into our planning assumption. But first, let me spend a moment on Slide 4. The industrial proposition we introduced last year remained adjusted true today. The fundamentals of our business are strong and allow us to deliver growth in earnings and dividends in a low risk, predictable and transparent way. And given the capital intensive nature of our business, the importance of balance sheet strength remains a continued focus for the company. Our attractive dividend yield and demonstrated ability to grow our regulated businesses providing attractive shareholder return for our investors. This positions Duke as a strong long-term infrastructure investment. Slide 5 underscores our established track record of delivery and our commitment. Overall, 2017 was an exceptional year for Duke Energy. We delivered results, advanced our long-term strategy and excelled in operation. We had solid growth in our Electric and Gas Utilities including the addition of Piedmont Natural Gas. We also refine of the great flexibility offsetting weak weather with cost management. And these results enabled us to deliver strong earnings and increased the dividend by 4%. Our commitment of safety and outstanding operational performance continued in 2017. Our employees delivered outstanding safety metrics with a total incident case rate of 0.36, a 10% improvement on our industry leading performance in 2016. For the second consecutive year, the combined capacity factor of our nuclear fleet reached record setting levels above 95%. And in the ways of Hurricane Irma our employees return power to more than 1.5 million customers in just over a week. Last month Fortune magazine named Duke Energy to its 2018 list of the World's Most Admired Companies, a true indication that our stakeholders understand the journey we're onto Duke and the progress we're making. Finally, we demonstrated progress across our strategic investments program and we worked collaboratively with stakeholders to advance our regulatory modernization initiatives better aligning recovery with our investments. We've seen the benefits of this approach this past year in Florida with the approval of our multiyear rate settlements, including recovery in grid and solar investments in North Carolina with the passage of HB 589 in the addition of rider recovery mechanisms for re-levels. Turning to Slide 6, we've outlined our 10 year investment priorities consistent with the plan we shared with you in early '17. Our investments were focused on strengthening our energy delivery system by investing $25 billion to create a smarter energy grid, generating cleaner energy by investing $11 billion in natural gas and renewable energy and expanding our natural gas infrastructure doubling the contribution of this segment. We will also continue to engage stakeholders on regulatory modernization and fundamentally change the way we operate to transform the customer experience and achieve top cortile customer satisfaction. As [Indiscernible] told that everything we do are our employees and their dedications operational excellence. We will invest in infrastructure our customers' value and deliver sustainable growth for our investors. Let me walk you through how we plan to maintain our momentum and execute on our strategy in 2018. Slide 7 provides an update on our efforts to modernize the energy grid. Our objective is to improve system performance in all aspects, customers in trolling convenience, security and service reliability. In 2017, we announced the power forward Carolina's initiative, our 10-year $16 billion plan to modernize our grid in both North and South Carolina. This investment will provide a strong economic stimulus to the Carolinas, creating more than 17,000 jobs and more than $26 billion in economic output over the next decade. To recover this investment, we've proposed a grid rider mechanism in our pending Duke Energy Carolina's North Carolina rate case. We look forward to continuing this conversation at the evidentiary hearing scheduled to begin next week. In Florida, our multiyear rate plan includes the rate increases to recover our grid modernization investments in the state. Work is already underway. And in October we completed work on our first self-optimizing grid network. This automation enables to grow the software identify problems and reroute power to shorten or even eliminate outages for customers. As we expand this program in 2018, we plan to deploy 100 self-optimizing networks in our service areas. In Indiana and Ohio, we've been recovering $600 million annually through our paying commission and distribution riders, investing in Hardening and Resiliency and other grid improvements. The progress service territories we are also deploying smart meters providing increased convenience choices installed for our customers. With installations with 1.2 meters in 2017, 40% of our customer base now benefits from this technology. We planned to install an additional 1.4 million meters in 2018 and remain on track to fully deploy the program by 2021. And we are leveraging emerging technologies to benefit our customers. We're deploying over 500 electric vehicles charging stations across our Florida footprint, supporting increased demand for the service and a potential source of new load. We're also installing battery storage across many of our jurisdictions with 185 megawatts of projects installed or not. Our greatest footprint projects are essential to create the foundation for a smarter energy future. We will continue to engage with stakeholders to ensure the pace and scale of our investments align with customer needs in each of our jurisdiction and optimize value for our shareholders. Slide 8 provides an update on the ongoing transformation of our generation fleet. We’ve made significant tries to reduce our environmental footprint and have already lowered our carbon emissions by 31% from 2005. In 2017, we extended our commitment to reduce carbon emissions by 40% by 2030. With more than 11 really dedicated to building more efficient natural gas fired plants and renewable generation, we will continue to diversify our generation portfolio while maintaining competitive rates for our customers. Its part of our assessment of the long-term impact of our changing portfolio, we also announced that we will issue a new climate report in the first quarter of 2018. This report will outline our ongoing commitment to environmental stewardship and sustainable energy production. Advancing our generation strategy the W.S. Lee plant located in South Carolina this year final commissioning and we'll start serving our Carolina's customers soon. Construction progresses on our Citrus County Combined Cycle project in Florida and the Western Carolina's Modernization Project in North Carolina, which are expected to be in service in 2018 and 2019 respectively. And we are expanding our investment in renewable energy. Our Florida multiyear rate plan allows us to build up to 700 megawatts of new solar generation in the state. Combined with the procurement of almost 2,700 megawatts solar in North Carolina under HB 589, we are clearly making progress on our carbon reduction goal. Furthermore, these regulatory and legislative achievements in Florida and North Carolina reflect modern mechanism to recover these investments, demonstrating the success of our stakeholder engagement efforts. Finally our nuclear dealers are fundamental to provide a carbon-free generation to our more than 4 million Carolinas customers. These units represent the largest regulated nuclear fleet in the country and are essential to our long term carbon reduction goal. As we look ahead, we are evaluating license extension for these facilities for an additional 20 years to continue serving customers with the reliable service they expect. Moving to Slide 9, let me update you on our national gas business. October marks the one year anniversary of the Piedmont Natural Gas acquisition and we're seeing the positive results of this transaction. Natural gas will play a major role in the cleaner energy future and we are leveraging the overlap between our electric and gas businesses to better serve our customers. We have added Marshall Steam Station to our list of dual-fuel projects in North Carolina. Our three dual-fuel projects announced in the last year represent a $500 million investment for both Duke Energy Carolinas and Piedmont and demonstrate the complementary nature of our franchises and advantages of joint planet. We will use coal-firing of coal and natural gas at Rogers, Belews Creek and Marshall to reduce our carbon emissions and increase our flexibility to manage costs providing savings to customers. We've reached important milestones for our midstream gas business. We recently completed Sabal Trail pipeline and the Atlantic Coast pipeline are critical infrastructure investments that will bring much needed gas supplies to the Southeast as well as economic growth in rural areas of the region. During a record cold weather in early January or heavy demand hit homes, hospitals and industrial buildings caused natural gas prices to soar due to gas transportation constraints in North Carolina. This provides a clear reminder of an ACP work is an important source of natural gas for our region and will help provide significant savings for customers. We’re pleased to see work has started on ACP under limited notices to proceed from FERC beginning construction activates in permitted areas. After more than three years of comprehensive studies, North Carolina's Department of Environmental Quality issued key permits for the pipeline in late-January. These approvals along with permits receive from the Army Corps of Engineers brings us several steps closer to beginning full construction of this pipeline and we are way to receive of the final permits from Virginia. It has been a river of constraints in transparent permitting process for this 600 mile pipeline. And we continue to target an end service state of late 2019. Future delays and more stringent conditions of the permitting process, ACP now estimate total project costs between $6 billion and $6.5 billion. As a reminder, Duke's share in these costs is 47%. I’m going to close by saying that we have a clear view of the passage at Duke Energy. With our customers at the center of everything we do, we’re transforming our company, while providing reliable safe and affordable energy. Stakeholders depend on us to deliver on our commitment and we did adjust that for 2017. From financial results to operational excellence, we created value for our customers to shareholders and this focus will continue into 2018 and beyond. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Steve.
Steven Young: Thanks, Lynn. As mentioned, we had a solid year delivered on our financial conditions. As you can see on Slide 10, we achieved adjusted earnings per share of $4.57, which was near the high-end of our narrowed guidance range. We are already seeing the benefits of our portfolio of transition with the focus on stable, predicable and regulated businesses. We grew our electric utilities through higher pricing in riders, organic loan growth and ongoing investments across our jurisdictions. Our gas segment also demonstrated growth, driven by Piedmont's contribution and additional earnings from our midstream pipelines. Additionally we achieve our cost management targets, which offset the majority of the below-normal weather we experienced during the year. Overall, we are pleased with the growth across our businesses. Turning to Slide 11, let me walk you through key implications of the new federal tax law. As you know, the tax reform has been a key focus for the utility industry. We were successful in advocating for industry's specific provisions that will benefit both customers and shareholders. As the holding company, the lower income tax rate will reduce the tax yield on interest expense resulting in lower earnings beginning in 2018. At the utilities, tax reform results in lower accrued tax expense, which provides opportunities for lowering rates to customers. However, because Duke Energy is not a significant cash tax payer, any reduction to customer rates will place downward pressure on our consolidated cash flows. Recall, we’ve been in the net operating loss position for tax purposes for the last few years due to bonus depreciation. We currently estimate we will be out of the NOL in 2019 and begin using our accumulated tax credits through the balance of the five year plan. In response to these issues state regulators have initiated dockets in our jurisdictions. In general, we are recommending to use the lower tax rates to reduce customer rates in the near-term as well as help offset future rate increases. We have made several proposals including accelerated depreciation, recovering investments more quickly or amortizing regulatory assets. This would allow us to recover certain costs and maintain utility credit quality while avoiding volatility in customer rates. In Florida, the commission has already approved using the benefits from tax reforms to offset the increase in customer rates with Hurricane Irma restoration and to accelerate depreciation of certain closings. Overall, we expect customers to see savings overtime, which will vary based on the regulatory outcomes in each state. Tax reform also provides some benefits to cash flow. Due to the treatment of our alternative minimum tax spreads, the new law provides for a full refund with AMC credits over the 2018 to 2021 tax use. As of December 31, we had approximately 1.2 billion of credits subject to this refund. Another major impact of tax reform is to increase the utility rate base. This occurs as the lower tax rate and elimination of bonus depreciation resulting lower deferred taxes, which, in turn, increases rate base. As a result, we will see higher rate base growth for the same level of capital spend resulting in an increase in the company's earnings power. Given that the positive drivers will take some time to manifest, we are taking steps to further strengthen our balance sheet and fund our capital program. In 2018, we intend to issue $2 billion of equity including our original expectation for $350 million of equity via the drill. We also have reduced our five year capital plan by approximately $1 billion. I'll share more details about the capital and financing plans in a moment. On Slide 12, we have outlined more detail about the earnings impacts of tax reform. This morning, we announced our 2018 adjusted EPS guidance range of $4.55 to $4.85 per share. Earnings for 2018 will be driven by ongoing investment programs across our jurisdictions, low growth expectations and the continuation of our regulatory recovery activities. We have best of the lower corporate tax rate being resolution from plant equity issuances we'll partially offset this organic growth. With this in mind the midpoint of our 2018 guidance range is slightly below the 4% to 6% earnings per share growth rate, we introduced last year. However, we expect to be within the range by 2019 and at the mid-to-high end of the range in 2020 and beyond given that the rate base will now grow at a faster pace. Turning to Slide 13, our growth will be supported by our five-year $37 billion growth capital plan. Our investments aligned with our strategies to modernize the energy grid, generate cleaner energy and expand natural gas infrastructure. In light of cash reform, we have lowered our total capital over the five year plan by about $1 billion. We have expanded our cost management capability and applied this to capital. Furthermore, we are optimizing our operational capital around regulatory activities in the land. We have modestly increased our level of investment in commercial intervals. And we look to utilize tax equity partners to continue invest in solar and wind projects. The total capital plan is lower than originally outlined in 2017. Tax reform has approximately $3.5 billion to rate base by 2021. Earnings base now grows to the 7% CAGR through this timeframe, representing a 1% increase compared to what we presented last year. The new tax law will also provide additional headroom in customer bills allowing us to continue making smart investments, while also keeping rates as low as possible. Overall, we are taking a balanced approach and we are confident we will continue to meet the needs of customers and investors. Moving to Slide 14, let me walk you through our 2018 financing plan. We are committed to maintain the strength of the balance sheet as we look to finance our expensive capital plan over the forecasted year. As I mentioned earlier, in 2018, we plan to issue $2 billion in equity including the $350 million we already expected to issue to the DRIP. We plan to raise this equity to a discrete transaction within the next few months and by selling shares under our recently filed ATM broker. We may utilize the forward structure to better align proceeds from the equity offerings with the timing of our actual cash needs. This will help to avoid unnecessary share dilution in 2018. We will be opportunistic in completing our incremental equity needs with the goal of completing it by the end of the year. Going forward, we still expect to issue $350 million of equity per year to a combination of our DRIP/ATM programs. We continue to be discipline with our approach to capital reducing the level of investment versus a year ago. Additionally, we will maintain our focus on cost control, which I will discuss in more detail in a moment. All of these actions will improve our credit metrics over the five-year plan. Our balance sheet will be supported by the equity issuances and planned regulatory activity, which in turn -- which will turn our investments into cash returns more equity. By 2020, we expect our FFO to debt ratio to be in the range of 15% to 16% and our Holdco to debt percentage to be in the low-30s both aligning with our targets. We believe the combination of the 2018 and the ongoing annual equity issuances, satisfies all of our equity needs and provides the balance sheet strength to execute on our business plan. Turning to Slide 15, our attractive service territories for constructive regulatory frameworks and our cost management efforts have allowed us to earn at or near or allowed ROEs. We’re seeing strengthened customer growth across our jurisdictions, particularly in the Southeast, and expect this to continue. This trend supports growth in our electric and gas utilities. We continue to plan the 0.5% annual retail loan growth in our electric utilities in 2017, weather normalized retail loan growth is 0.4% equivalent to 0.7% when excluding the impacts of the lead day in the prior year. This tracks with our planning assumptions. Several macroeconomic indicators support our loan growth projections. Overall, the U.S. economy is strengthened and leading indicators point to continued expansion for the commercial and industrial segments. In addition, the U.S. dollar continues to support domestic manufacturing. And optimism for retail and small businesses is near all-time high. Furthermore, key objective of the new tax laws to stimulate business investments, create jobs and grow the economy. At this time, we’re not incorporated effects from tax reform in our volume growth planning assumption, but expect it could be an upside to our forecast. We are also managing our cost structure using new technology and rolling out data analytics to extend our commitment to keep non recoverable O&M flat through 2022. The use of mobile applications is bolstering productivity and we are keenly focused on identifying efficiencies throughout operational and corporate structures. As we look to the future, we are developing our digital capabilities to faster and connected culture. Due to modernization, of course, customer systems and grid infrastructure, we will see tangible benefits in savings. 2017 was a busy regulatory year for us. Slide 16 outlines our projected activity over the planning horizon to achieve timely recovery of our investments. We have a robust capital plan that involves substantial investment in electric and gas infrastructure over the next five years, and we have modern regulatory recovery mechanisms in place for many of these investments. In Florida, we have the multiyear rate agreement through 2021. In Ohio and Indiana, we have riders to recover transmission and distribution investments and are requesting extension of the distribution rider in Ohio. In North Carolina, we now have renewable riders established to HB 589. And at Piedmont, we have distribution infrastructure riders. We will continue to pursue these types of recovery mechanisms to enhance our investment returns. Let me take a moment to discuss our pending base rate cases in North Carolina. We expect an order in the Duke Energy progress takes any day and no later than March 1. New rates will be effective soon after the orders issued. Our Duke Energy Carolinas rates cases progress with the evidentiary hearing schedule to begin on February 27 with requested rates to be effective May 1 in that case, if approved by the commission. Shifting to Slide 17, we understand the value of the dividend to our shareholders and are dedicated to growing it responsibly. 2018 marks the 92nd consecutive year paying the quarterly cash dividend, demonstrating the stead fast commitment to our investments. We expect to maintain our annual dividend growth rate of approximately 4% to 6% though 2022, consistent with our long-term earnings growth as we target our payout ratio in the 70% to 75% range. Given the near term impacts of tax reform, we expect the payout ratio will be higher than the targeted range initially. Therefore dividend growth will be closer to the low end of the guidance range for next couple of years as we work the payout ratio backed in. The growth rate will increase as we are more solidly positioned in the payout ratio range. Before we open it up to questions, let me turn to Slide 18. Our history of operational excellence coupled with the strategic plan that is already producing compelling results, gives us confidence as we continue to offer a solid long-term investment opportunity. Our track of dividend yield combined with earnings growth from investments in our regulatory utilities provides a strong risk adjusted return for our shareholders. We are positioned to deliver results for both customers and shareholders and are confident in the plan we have for 2018 and beyond. With that, we'll open the line for your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] And we will take our first question from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning, guys.
Lynn Good: Good morning, Pourreza.
Shar Pourreza: Just a quick modeling question. Can you elaborate a little bit on the drivers of growth from '18 to '19, Steve. I mean, to take you back within that previous 4% to 6% range by '19. You sort of would need a lot of growth year-over-year almost 8% just using the midpoint of the 2018 guide. I know it's not linear, but are we thinking about this step-up in earnings correctly? Should we think more bottom end in '19? Just remind us how you are closing that gap?
Steven Young: Well, let me discuss some of the drivers here for 2019, and that really pretty similar to the drivers that we have in our businesses each year. We've got rate riders and rate cases that take into play. We've got our normal volumes growth, which has been pretty strong as well. And then there is AFUDC on various investments. When you look at 2019, it will have the full-year impact of the Carolinas rate cases, and then in 2019, we expect to see accelerated spending in Atlantic Coast Pipeline. Of those will be a couple of big drivers towards the earnings that you might see in that particular year, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, that's helpful. And then just we'll take on ACP, it's good that it's moving sort of the head here. But at what point sort of in the construction cycle should we think about incremental growth opportunities? Is it sort of post to state approvals or where the later part of the construction phase? Like how are you thinking about the next leg of growth with ACP 2 and 3?
Lynn Good: Shar, thanks for that question. We are proud of the progress that we've made over the last couple of months with state and federal permits. And our focus is ramping up construction to hit a late 2019 in service aid. I think about additional investment opportunities in Chile, there is expansion of ACP, which would occur in the form of compression, a very cost effective way to add capacity, and then extension would be another opportunity. I think, at this point, our focus is on building the initial project as it's establish, we'll then our attention to expansion -- compression expansion, really driven by needs of our customers and then following that, we'll look at opportunities to expand.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. That's helpful. And then just, Lynn, one strategic question, Duke falls in and at of M&A charter, especially, recently with some of the jurisdictions that you've been active in, which is Indiana and the Carolinas, can you just sort of refresh your thoughts on how you are thinking about additional growth through inorganic opportunities in light of kind of what you are seeing as far as tax reform, and sort of maybe even the stress on sort of the balance sheet? A - Lynn Good Our focus, Shar, is on organic growth at this point. We feel like we've got a very robust set of investments within our jurisdictions and very attractive jurisdictions that give us an opportunity to deliver benefits to customers and investors. With the steps we've taken around the balance sheet, the equity issuance that also positions us to support that organic growth. And so M&A is not a part of our strategic plan to achieve what we've laid out before you. We look at that as opportunistic, but we're really comfortable with the organic plan we have set forth.
Shar Pourreza: Excellent. Thanks so much. I'll jump back in the queue.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd: Hi, good morning.
Lynn Good: Good morning, Steve.
Steven Young: Good morning.
Stephen Byrd: I just want to touch on what you've mentioned in terms of further growth in Renewables and the Commercial segment. Just at a high level, I'm curious your thoughts on the competitive environments for Renewables, the degree of growth potential there. What are you seeing out there on the competitive playing field for that business?
Lynn Good: Steven, I think, the business is a competitive business. I think there is some adjusting as a result of the tariffs that have recently been imposed. We'd like to see how that landscape plays out. We also are pacing the lower tax rate. We have to determine how capped equity markets perform, although we still expect them to be there. So we believe, we have a very solid business, a business of scale, we believe we're capable of competing. So we have also been appropriately conservative with our assumptions around returns and are not going to chase it unless it’s delivering a return above our cost of capital. And that will be our approach as we go forward. I would point to regulate renewables as well, so we’ve got 700 megawatts from building within Florida. HB 589 in North Carolina represents an opportunity for either our commercial regulated business among we working closely those opportunities as well.
Stephen Byrd: That's helpful. And thank you. And then just thinking high level around Amazon and the potential for them to put HQ number two in your service territory, without any too specific, I’m just curious, you’re thinking at a high level as to what will be required to accommodate what kind of incremental capital or operational changes you need to make to accommodate that?
Lynn Good: So Steven, I think, we’re capable of serving Amazon today with a really robust system in North Carolinas. We have pleasure to serve and expanding facility in Northern Kentucky that we’re working closely with them on. The triangle area around that has been an important growth area for the company for some time. So we’ll be anxious to put infrastructure in place with additional infrastructure is needed. And I think about our approach to economic development in general, we’ve been very aggressive in our service territories making investments to attract businesses. And that will be our approach here as well if we get that opportunity for the Carolinas.
Stephen Byrd: Thank you so much. If I could just maybe one more on changes to the grid. You’ve been spending a lot of time and effort thinking about grid modernization in a number of ways. I’m just curious, as you see it now; do you see incremental investment opportunities from grid modernization over and above which you’ve already laid out? Or is that likely to be a relatively long evolution in terms of changes to be making there?
Lynn Good: I believe we have a robust plan season where we have been disciplined in establishing business cases for each of these investments, to deliver benefits to customers whether it’s regular customer experience whether it’s reliability metrics. We do have the ability to change the timing, accelerate, slowdown depending upon the needs of customer needs in the jurisdictions. And I would expect as the system continues to grow, which we would see it doing over the next 10 years. The Southeast is attracting an incredible number of new citizens. People migrating to this area that will find continued opportunities to expand our system. So we have a team of people focusing on modernization as a full time assignment to ensure that we’re growing the infrastructure that our safe count on, same for Indiana, same for Florida, same for Ohio.
Stephen Byrd: Okay. Thank you very much.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Steven Young: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: To what extent do you see the increase in earnings growth into 2019-2020 period has driven by the rate base increases coming from differed tax amortization? In terms of -- does that give you increased confidence in that ability to get back up to the mid high range, because this portion of the rate base growth is -- its not -- its uncertainty right?
Lynn Good: Yes. And you know, Michael, I think, you can see the front end impact with the loss of interest shield and resolution. But as you look into our acquired debt -- looking at rate base growth, you can see $2.5 billion to $3.5 billion of rate base over that period. And that's about spending at all of capital. So if that rate base grows in the fundamental business that we operate, low risk high quality jurisdictions to give us confidence that need to maintain the 4% to 6% growth rate really actually [indiscernible] to tax reform in '18, get back within the range in '19, mid to high in '20 and beyond. So the point that you are making around the strength of the rate base curve is exactly right.
Michael Weinstein: Great. And also maybe you could just comment a little bit about the tax equity market around Renewables after the big provisions in the tax reform package?
Lynn Good: We believe we'll be successful in that market with our -- size of our company sale and credit profile. I think all of this is something that we'll continue to monitor. We’re actually in the tax equity market right now with the projects and are seeing success and putting that together. So we are optimistic.
Michael Weinstein: Are you seeing any additional opportunities, maybe coming your way as a result of smaller players as you are having a harder time gaining access to that market now?
Lynn Good: Michael, there is a lot of opportunity flow that come through and compliments to the team to proceed to -- as they approach in a disciplined fashion to identify projects that makes sense for us, but we do see good opportunity flow.
Michael Weinstein: Thank you very much.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Steven Young: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold: Good morning, guys.
Lynn Good: Hi, Jonathan.
Steven Young: Good morning.
Jonathan Arnold: When you talked about what you have assumed for the cash treatment of tax reform with regard to customer rates, it sounded like you were saying you've assumed you'll flow it back reasonably quickly, but then you talked several things during which would do the opposite. So is there any way you can give us a sort of a high level what's assumed in this FFO target versus the range of potential outcomes?
Steven Young: Yes, Jonathan, we've looked at a number of outcomes and they may very per jurisdictions, certainly, we have a constructed outcome in Florida. In general, what we are thinking about here is that the impact of the rate decrease from the 35 to 21 will work that back through perspective rates and give that aspect to customers. We're looking at the excess differed tax piece; the protected piece will go back slowly. And we’re looking at utilizing the other excess differed taxes to be used as a mid against the rate base increases that are coming as well to help reduce the volatility. That’s a general way to think about the way we've incorporated this into our plans.
Jonathan Arnold: So, for example, where you have rate cases pending at that point of 35 to 21 would be part of that case, and in other jurisdictions, it would be later, is that right?
Lynn Good: Jonathan, I think, I'll try graph at Carolinas as Steve will trying here too. We not expecting the tax reform will be a part of the DEP case that we are expecting an order on anytime. There is a separate docket this tradition has established. Testimony will be presented in the DEC case around tax reform. And I think it's really an open question on whether or not itself within this case or in a separate docket. But I think in all events, there is an opportunity here to use tax reform, there was an impact of rising prices or investments in the state. The other state, some of them will go automatically in the place for your riders, so in Indiana and Ohio where there is a rider tracking mechanism, those tax reform impacts will go to meaningfully t-mark would be another example of that. And then we'll tailor other jurisdictions based on general rate case timing or separate dockets are established and fee settle will be really customized jurisdiction by jurisdiction. 
Jonathan Arnold: And can you jus touch on ACP in that context?
Steven Young: The ACP project is benefitted by tax reform. Again, we've got several grades with our customers on ACP. And if this -- it's not a formula type rate there. And so that will be one of the things that benefits us more with the quotation to ACP.
Lynn Good: And you may remember it's -- just one point on that. ACP was a competitive process early on with negotiated range that came out of the competitive bidding process. And ACP was selected as the most cost effective solution and continues to be the most cost effective solution for customers.
Jonathan Arnold: To see that anticipate an adjustment there?
Lynn Good: That's correct.
Jonathan Arnold: Great. Thank you. And then could I just on -- just when I look at the FFO to debt, slide you show '18 then you showed '20 to '22, does that -- should we assume like '19 is sort of part of a bridge to that new number? Or does it go down a little of that improve? What's the sort of '19 profile as you fill in that gap?
Steven Young: We will be improving on our metrics throughout the plan, Jonathan. I don’t want to give you year-by-year guidance, but we do see an improvement throughout the plan.
Lynn Good: It trends up from 2018, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: And have you had the opportunity to sort of download with the agencies on how the plan looks, now you've framed out some -- your equity piece?
Lynn Good: Yes, we visited with all three of the agencies, Jonathan, in advance sharing with them our perspective, the actions we've taken not only the equity, but the reduction in capital, our focus on cost management, the demonstrating track record and pursuing regulatory recoveries. And we've had a very comprehensive discussion, we believe, we put forward incredible plan to the agencies that support our ratings. Of course, they will deliberate and put the guide of the coming months, but we feel like we've had a very good discussion of very incredible plan like this.
Jonathan Arnold: Great. Thank you. And if I may digest the '18 you have 15% to 16% targeted effective tax rate. Is that the right bolt-on going beyond '18? Or is it still low -- is that lower than you think it will be?
Steven Young: I think that's certainly what we see for '18. We typically don’t project beyond that. I don’t know that it's going to bare a lot from that as we go forward with them.
Jonathan Arnold: Thank you, Steve. Thank you, Lynn.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Steven Young: Sure.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Lynn Good: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I just wanted to follow-up and clean up a few items from past questions here. First, on the growth into ’19 and then ’20 beyond, just to make sure if I heard you right, mid to high-end in ‘20 and beyond. Is the right way to think about this that basically you’re targeting a 7% rate base growth off of 2018 such as that get you to close-ish to 2019, the midpoint of that the range, as, I think, Shar initially asked. And then, again, as you roll forward take 7% net out a small amount of equity dilution and then again that’s how you outperform the 4% to 6% from ’19 into ’20. Just want to make sure we’re hearing the puts and takes appropriately here.
Lynn Good: So, Julien, I would think about 2019 is being within the range, within the guidance range. I think the lower end of the guidance range would be the way to think about ’19 as we’re still getting into get that recovery of the increased rate base investment, because you think about ’19 earnings is going to have to be rate case is prosecuted in ’18 or certain of those jurisdictions. We will see the rider impact and other things. But within guidance, that’s the way, I think about ’19, and then by ’20 mid to high, because we have an opportunity or another year of securing that revenue stream building on that rate base growth. And so $3.5 billion of additional rate base growth without spending and additional dollar of capital, and these jurisdictions, we believe underpins our ability to get in that range by 2020, mid to high.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Great. Excellent. And then coming back to prior question on the Commercial side of the business, specifically Renewables, can you elaborate a little bit on what’s driving. I think in the commentary you suggested that you would actually increase the size of investment, but then, perhaps, in some of the Q&A, if I hear you right a little bit more cautionary on tariffs et cetera, are you looking to expand this or is this really a statement around HB 589 and the opportunities there? Is this something beyond the Carolinas here that you guys are really seeing out there?
Lynn Good: Julien, there is about $1 billion of investment in Commercial and Renewables last year. It is modestly higher than that this year. We have introduced half equity for the first time, you may recall. Before tax reform, we thought we will be a tax payer and someone who could use credit sooner than what’s going to happen. And so we have looked at that business in the -- through the lens of tax equity. We do see opportunities from HB 589. And as we just clamp the implications of HB 589, we put that capital in the Commercial business for planning assumption. So I think our message here has been consistent. We liked the business; we have scale in the business. We believe we can invest in a manner that’s profitable for our investors. And the modest increase in capital is HB 589 and other market opportunities.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. And just last nitpicking on the FFO to debt question real quickly, the 2018 number you show. Is that inclusive of the equity or should we be thinking about the jump, the ratable improvement from 14% up to the 15% to 16% range, the equity being a big chunk of that improvement. Just want to make sure what level of debt here?
Lynn Good: The equity is in the FFO…
Steven Young: Yes. The equity…
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Is reflected in that 14% already?
Lynn Good: Yes.
Steven Young : Yes. That’s true.
Lynn Good: Again, Julien, I think, as you know, an equity issuance impact is denominator, right. So it's going to have an impact on FFO, but it has more dramatic impact on our holding company debt, which, of course, will be declining over the five year period, so roughly, its 71%, so more aggressively than what we shared with you last year. The engine for production of FFO is our regulatory businesses and that is not changed in tax reform. So we will go after investment and delivering returns in a way that we historically have by delivering returns in regulated profits and that’s the engine that drive the FFO growth over the period.
Steven Young: That’s right. And our ability to execute in our cost management has helped us to exceed the original estimates we have for 2018 in our credit metrics.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. Excellent. Thank you.
Lynn Good: Okay. Thanks, Julien.
Operator: We will take our next question from David Paz with Wolfe Research.
Lynn Good: Hi, David.
David Paz: Good morning. Just going back to the growth question, so looking on slide 12, when you say mid to high end of the growth target in 2020, is that the growth over 2019 earnings or is that a compounded average annual rate of the midpoint of your 2017 guidance?
Lynn Good: It's all for '17, David.
David Paz: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: We take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hi, guys, more of a longer term question. How are you thinking about the jurisdictions where you have the most lag? What you can do to structurally change that to reduce that lag outside of just kind of continuing the bio cases on a pretty frequent basis?
Lynn Good: Hi, Michael, I appreciate that question because we have drawn our attention to what we are calling regulatory modernization, which is trying to look at the regulatory mechanisms and match those mechanisms to the way investment occurs. So Indiana, Ohio, multiyear rate plans in Florida, all of those are very well seasoned to work with the type of investments that we're making in the grid and renewable, clean energy et cetera. The Carolinas is where we have a little bit of work to do. We're pleased with the result of HB 589, which puts trackers in place for renewable and for a proof of contract both of which were important. And we as you may recall have also filed for a tracker of around grid investment in our DEC case. Our intent is to follow on a dual path as we did with HB 589. And the commission, how far they believe they can go and then pursue legislation if need to finalize that work. I believe it’s a win-win; the type of investments that we're making will deliver immediate customer benefits. It minimizes the impact on price to customers. And I believe with tax reform is another tool we should be able to find our way that something works for customers and for the investments we are trying to put in the place. So the focus of modernization is throughout all the jurisdictions, but we have some specific objectives we are trying to achieve in the Carolinas.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And when you are looking at the Carolinas, how - what's in the feedback in the rate cases regarding the grid modernization tracker?
Lynn Good: So publics have produced some testimony. They have some questions about what is modernization really question the type of investments. They like some of them better than others. We believe that there is a strong case throughout the program around modernization, but they also introduced the notion of the cap if the commission board will approve the tracker. So I believe there was a good start to a conversation that we will continue as part of this case.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Lynn. Much appreciated.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: Will go next to Praful Mehta with Citi.
Praful Mehta: So I guess just bringing together both the groups trajectory that you've talked about here and the credit that you've laid out. Wanted to understand how tax reform and the discussion with the regulators fit in because you've kind of highlighted discussion around regulatory asset recovery, accelerated depreciation. So if any of those variables change and the discussions with regulators are, I guess, better than expected or worse than expected. Which variable should we look at that can impact either your earnings trajectory or your credit are putting more pressure on the balance sheet? How should we track that?
Lynn Good: Praful, I'll get a start and turn it over to Steve. He and his team have worked extensively on the implications of tax reform really dating back into 2017. But you can appreciate anytime you put a five year plan together. You're putting it together with a range of assumptions and that's the case here as well. We won't have complete sure to be on the way the commissions are going to address tax reform until later into 2018. But as Steve indicated, we are assuming pretty current return or reduction in rates around the tax rate of 35% to 21%. And so I think that's the reasonable assumption that should play out in '18 and beyond in each jurisdiction. And then on the accumulated differed taxes, the protected ones go back overlay consistent with normalization way. And we are proposing that the unprotected differs go back over a rate we'll hear at times. And some of our jurisdictions are those differed taxes are actually related to property. So a longer period of time makes sense to us that, of course, will be subject to negotiation. And we will check and adjust, and we always do it depending on how that plays out, but believe we have reasonable planning assumptions. Steve?
Steven Young: Right, I think, Lynn covered it very clearly there that's kind of how we look at it. I think that makes sense. This is an opportunity to reduce customer rates pretty quickly, but we also have an opportunity to here to utilize some of this, to offset some of the rate base increases that are coming, and we will be looking at excess differs as a tool for that. And that was what was done in Florida, I think, a very constructive settlement there. So we will see how it plays out on the other jurisdictions.
Praful Mehta: So how big is the unprotected piece that needs to be refunded? And what assumption is being need on the timing of that refund?
Steven Young: Unprotected differed taxes are about -- for the total corporation about $1.8 billion, protected are about $4.5 billion.
Praful Mehta: I got you. And the assumption on the return of the unprotected, I'm assuming is quicker, obviously, because it's not the average life of asset. You have some unprotected foundries that are connected with any. But for the rest, is there -- is it like a five year period just to get a sense of what kind of timeframes just that refinance to take place in?
Lynn Good: Praful, I would just say a reasonable timeframe at this point. We're early in the process of this discussion with our jurisdictions, and it's going to be jurisdiction by jurisdiction. As I said a moment ago, some of the riders' mechanisms will be treated differently in the general basis rate case. So as we've learned more in these dockets that are opened in front of the jurisdictions will be prepared to share more specifics on that, but believe that we put together a plan here with the reasonable set of outcome.
Praful Mehta: Understood. Fair enough. And just quickly just last point on the holding company debt. It’s going from 31% to 32%, I guess, in the 2020-2022 timeframe. That percentage, is that being achieved because the underlying denominator that is the total debt of the company is growing? Or is that being achieved because the holding company debt has been paid down during that timeframe?
Lynn Good: It’s really reflecting the benefit of the equity issuance, Praful. So we are delevering the holding company with the equity issuance.
Praful Mehta: I got you. So apart from the initial pay down, there isn’t anything incremental happening post the ’18 timeframe in terms of delevering at the Holdco?
Lynn Good: So there is a modest trending up ACP and other things and then down again. So that's the starting point in ’18 and the ending point are flat.
Praful Mehta: I got you. So I’m just trying to confirm that post ’19, is there any assumption of debt paydown at the Holdco or no?
Lynn Good: Relatively flat end-to-end. We can probably take you through financing schedules after the call, Praful, if there is more detail that we can help you with.
Praful Mehta: Understood. That's super helpful. Thank you very much.
Lynn Good: All right. Thank you.
Operator: At this time, I’d like to turn the conference back over to Lynn Good, for any additional or closing remarks.
A - Lynn Good: Great. Thank you. Thanks everyone for joining us today. We’ll be available by phone and have an opportunity to meet with many of you over the next couple of weeks. I want to extend my thanks to the team who has put all this together with tax reform coming late in the year. It’s been an all out effort. And we’re really delighting to put it forward today. Thank you for your investments in Duke Energy.
Operator: And that concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Callahan - Duke Energy Corp. Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp. Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.
Analysts: Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Please stand by. We're about to begin. Good day and welcome to the Duke Energy Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Callahan. Please go ahead.
Michael Callahan - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you, Ryan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Duke Energy's third quarter 2017 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chairman, President and CEO; along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide two presents a safe harbor statement, which accompanies our presentation materials. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website and in today's materials. Please note the appendix for today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures. As summarized on slide three, during today's call Lynn will briefly discuss our financial and operational highlights for the quarter. She will also provide an update on the key regulatory activity we have underway and the progress we have made as we continue to advance our strategic investment plan. Steve will then provide an overview of our third quarter financial results and insight about economic and load growth trends. He will also share key investor considerations. Before turning the call over to Lynn, I would like to thank Chris Bauer for his contribution to our Investor Relations team over the last two and a half years. This is Chris' last earnings call as he will assume a new role in our treasury department. Many of you have worked closely with Chris and I hope you will join me in congratulating him on his new responsibilities. With that, let me turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced adjusted earnings per share of $1.59 for the third quarter, continuing to demonstrate growth in the fundamentals of our business. We advanced our long-term strategic investment plan while maintaining our focus on operational excellence. And our employees rose to the challenge of Hurricane Irma, one of the most powerful storms ever to hit the Atlantic. Given our results through the third quarter, we are narrowing our 2017 guidance range to $4.50 to $4.60 per share. Even with $0.15 of below-normal weather year-to-date, including the lost revenues from Hurricane Irma, we'll deliver on our earnings commitment to our shareholders. This is a testament to the dedication of our employees and our focus on flexible cost management. We are also confident in our ability to maintain our long-term growth rate of 4% to 6% off of the $4.60 midpoint of our original 2017 guidance range. We remain focused on achieving growth at the high end of our range over time as our investments build and recovery accumulates. Turning to our operational performance in the quarter, I'm proud to begin with our response to Hurricane Irma. This storm caused widespread, devastating damage across the Southeast region leaving nearly a 1.5 million of our Florida and Carolinas customers without power. And even though many of our employees' own homes and families were impacted by the storm, they put the needs of our customers first. Most of the damage was in our Florida territory with 1.3 million customers experiencing outages. More than 12,000 line and field workers rebuilt our system and restored power to over 75% of customers in just three days, and 99% within eight days. Our initial storm restoration cost estimate for our Florida service territory is almost $500 million. The majority of this will be recovered through the existing Commission storm rule or transmission tariffs. After netting our current storm reserve balance of $60 million in storm related capital replacements, we plan to defer approximately $400 million for future recovery from customers. We can also request an additional $132 million to replenish the storm reserve. Under our current rate agreement, Duke Energy Florida is authorized to begin recovering both the storm impact and reserve replenishment 60 days after filing a petition with the Commission. Based on our initial estimates, we believe the customers would see an approximate $5 increase on a typical monthly residential bill, assuming a three-year recovery period. We continue to refine our cost estimate as we prepare to file with the Commission by year-end. We also received two important recognitions in the quarter. Duke Energy was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the 12th consecutive year, acknowledging our commitment to a cleaner, sustainable energy future. And Site Selection Magazine named us as one of the top utilities in economic development for the 13th consecutive year, highlighting our work to attract businesses to our service areas. We also reached an important milestone with the one-year anniversary of our acquisition of Piedmont Natural Gas. This merger has truly been a seamless, textbook integration and we're happy to have our Piedmont teammates as part of Duke Energy. We look forward to investing in this business and expanding our natural gas infrastructure for years to come. As you know, we have a busy regulatory calendar this year. Starting with Florida, we reached a constructive agreement with numerous parties in the state and the settlement was unanimously approved by the commission last week. We worked closely with stakeholders to reach an agreement that paves the way to a smarter energy future for our Florida customers. The settlement provides rate clarity through 2021 and allows us to recover up to 700 megawatts of solar energy and our grid investments, which will improve reliability and enhance customer choice. The agreement also includes recovery of investments in electric vehicle charging stations in a battery storage pilot program. As part of the settlement, we will not move forward with building the Levy nuclear plant, and customers will not pay any further costs associated with this project. Our success in reaching this settlement is another example of our ability to achieve favorable outcomes for our customers and our shareholders. We will continue to engage constructively with stakeholders as we advance our regulatory modernization agenda across all of our service areas. Slide six summarizes our pending North Carolina rate cases. Our Duke Energy Progress case is advancing and in mid-October, a number of intervenors filed written testimony advocating their positions on our request. This is a normal part of the process. As we've seen in past rate cases, the public staff and others typically recommend revenue adjustments. We remain confident in our positions and look forward to filing our rebuttal testimony this coming Monday, November 6 where we will respond to the arguments raised by intervenors. The hearings for the DEP case are scheduled to commence on November 20. At Duke Energy Carolinas, our rate case is in the early stages. We recently received a scheduling order and intervenor testimony is due January 19 and hearings are scheduled for mid-February. Slide seven outlines our strategic priorities to transform the customer experience by modernizing the energy grid, generating cleaner energy, and expanding natural gas infrastructure. Let me share a few updates on our progress starting with our grid investments. Today, we announced the expansion of our Power/Forward Carolinas initiative into South Carolina. We plan to invest $3 billion in the state, consistent with our 10-year strategy to invest $25 billion in the grid across our jurisdictions. We commissioned a University of South Carolina research economist to study the potential impacts of this initiative. According to the findings, our investments over the next 10 years will deliver significant benefits to the state, including an average of nearly 3,300 jobs supported per year, representing almost $200 million in new salaries and wages annually, more than $100 million in new tax revenue for the state, and a total economic output of more than $5 billion. We're looking forward to making these investments on behalf of our customers and to support economic development in South Carolina. In North Carolina, we announced plans for 13 megawatts of batteries spread across two sites as part of our Western Carolinas Modernization Project. And in Indiana, we'll be installing a 5-megawatt battery as part of our microgrid at Camp Atterbury. We continue to look for opportunities to deploy utility scale battery storage as costs come down and performance improves. Shifting to generation, our W.S. Lee, Citrus County and Western Carolinas combined cycle natural gas plants are progressing well, and these projects remain on time and on budget. We are also moving forward with a dual-fuel project at our Belews Creek coal-fired plant in North Carolina, representing a combined investment of over $150 million between Duke Energy Carolinas and Piedmont. This upgrade will enable 50% natural gas co-firing on two units at the site increasing fuel flexibility and lowering carbon emissions. Piedmont has filed with the NCUC for permission to build gas infrastructure to supply the plant with natural gas. The project is expected to be completed in two phases, in 2019 and 2020. During the quarter, we also saw important developments in each of our pipeline investments, Atlantic Coast Pipeline, Sabal Trail and Constitution. Atlantic Coast Pipeline reached a significant milestone on October 13 when FERC issued the final certificate. This project will stimulate significant economic development in Eastern North Carolina and support growth in the region. We are working with the relevant state agencies to secure remaining permits and expect to begin construction by the end of this year for an in-service date in late 2019. ACP also closed a revolving credit facility in October to fund approximately half of the pipeline construction costs. The project has borrowed $570 million against the facility to cover costs incurred to date with Duke's share at 47%. Regarding the Sabal Trail pipeline, FERC issued a supplemental environmental impact statement on September 27. This addressed issues noted by the D.C. Circuit Court, which vacated the project certificate. FERC and other interested parties have filed with the court for a rehearing and we expect a favorable outcome. The project remains operational as we await the court's decision. And turning to Constitution, the project filed a petition for a declaratory order in early October asking FERC to determine if New York failed to act within a reasonable time period on its water permit. We are hopeful FERC agrees with our position within the next several months, which would preserve an in-service date as early as the first half of 2019. Before I close, let me say a few words about tax reform. Duke supports comprehensive tax reform. Like everyone, we are reviewing the legislation that came out yesterday. We were encouraged to see that the bill includes provisions to retain interest deductibility in lieu of the immediate expensing of capital. We're taking a close look at these provisions and the bill as a whole, but let me say this is a positive first step, and recognizes our industry and the importance of the impact to our customers, and we will remain engaged as the process continues to unfold. As we near the close of 2017, our focus is unwavering as we execute our strategy and follow through on our commitments to customers, communities, and investors. We are on track to deliver earnings within our original guidance range for 2017, as we achieve planned growth in our regulated businesses and maintain our focus on effective cost management. Our long-term earnings growth profile of 4% to 6%, off our original midpoint of 460 is unchanged, underpinned by the strength of our regulated investments and our attractive service areas. This demonstrates the resilience of our company and the employees who deliver exceptional safety results, operational excellence, and financial performance every day. Now, let me turn it over to Steve.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thanks, Lynn. Today I will walk you through the key earnings drivers from the third quarter, discuss current retail volume trends, and update you on economic indicators. I'll close with a summary of our key investor considerations. Let's start with quarterly results. I will cover the highlights on slide eight and discuss our adjusted earnings per share variances compared to the prior-year quarter. For more detailed information on segment variances versus last year, and a reconciliation of reported results to adjusted results, please refer to the supporting materials that occupy today's press release and presentation. On a reported or GAAP basis, 2017 third quarter earnings per share were $1.36, compared to $1.70 last year. The most significant drivers of the difference between the reported and adjusted earnings in the quarter were charges related to the revised Florida settlement agreement and certain commercial renewables assets. Third quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.59, compared to $1.68 in the prior year. Lower results in the quarter were principally due to significantly favorable weather last year, and the absence of international energy earnings. Moving through our segments, Electric Utilities & Infrastructure results were down $0.12 compared to the prior year. Weather was the primary driver, with a $0.14 decline quarter-over-quarter. This amount includes $0.02 per share of lost revenues associated with Hurricane Irma. Depreciation and amortization was higher in the quarter due to increased investments across each of our jurisdictions. Partially offsetting these drivers were higher revenues from increases in regulatory pricing and riders. Price increases were primarily due to investment recovery through the generation base rate adjustment mechanism in Florida and new rates in Duke Energy Progress, South Carolina. With respect to riders, the strength of our energy efficiency programs continues to generate incremental earnings, helping to offset lower energy usage from our customers. Our Indiana and Ohio grid investments are also contributing to incremental rider growth. Let me also highlight that O&M was $0.01 favorable, which includes $0.03 of costs associated with Hurricane Irma. This strong result demonstrates our ongoing commitment to managing costs across our business, and we will work diligently to find additional efficiencies and demonstrate flexibility as we close out the year. In our Gas Utilities & Infrastructure segment, results were up for the quarter, primarily driven by our ongoing investment in the Atlantic Coast pipeline. As expected, the gas distribution results were flat during the warm summer months, and we anticipate these businesses will provide their remaining earnings contribution in the fourth quarter. Moving to Commercial Renewables, we were down $0.02 for the quarter. This was driven by lower solar ITCs in the current year, and higher interest expense as a result of new solar project financings this quarter. Finally, Other was up $0.14 for the quarter, based on a number of factors, including unfavorable tax adjustments in the prior year and ongoing tax planning activities. These accounted for $0.07 and $0.03, respectively. For the full year, we now expect our effective tax rate to be in the range of 31% to 32%. We also had a favorable litigation settlement and lower claims at our captive insurer during the quarter. These favorable drivers were partially offset by higher interest expense at the holding company, primarily due to the Piedmont acquisition financing. As Lynn mentioned, we are narrowing our full-year adjusted earnings per share guidance range to $4.50 to $4.60 per share. This reflects our year-to-date results, including the approximate $0.15 impact of significantly unfavorable weather, and an additional $0.03 impact from Hurricane Irma, which were offset, to a large extent, by the cost management reductions we initiated earlier this year. Turning to slide 9, I'll review our retail volume trends on a rolling 12-month basis. Weather normalized retail electric load growth was 0.2%. If you remove the impact of leap day in the prior year, our rolling 12-month volume growth is in line with our long term expectation of 0.5%. The residential sector is growing 0.5% on a rolling 12-month basis, as population growth in the Southeast remains strong. This is particularly true in the Carolinas and Florida, where we are seeing residential customer additions of 1.4% and 1.5%, respectively. In Florida, every major metro area is experiencing population growth with Orlando and Tampa being two of the fastest growing metro areas in the country. Our combined gas utilities are also adding new customers at a healthy annual rate of 1.4% led by our Piedmont service territories which are growing at 1.6%. As we look ahead, positive trends in employment and wages and the continued recovery in the housing market are expected to drive ongoing residential growth. Single-family building permits remain strong and are outpacing multi-family home starts in our service areas. As of August, Florida the Carolinas, and Tennessee are in the top seven states for the number of new single-family housing permits. In our commercial customer class, sales across our jurisdictions were slightly down over the rolling 12 months. As we've experienced over the past few years, utility-sponsored energy efficiency programs partially offset growth in this customer class. We're seeing growth in hotels and restaurants; however the active hurricane season has caused some near-term interruptions for these businesses. Turning into industrials, on a rolling 12-month basis, the sector has grown 0.1%. Industries that support sales to consumers, such as construction and housing, continued to perform well. This strength is partially offset by the automotive sector and a recent slowdown in textiles. On a macro level, manufacturers have reported significant improvement over the past 12 months. According to a recent National Association of Manufacturers survey, this customer class is more positive in its outlook compared to last year signaling future strength. Overall, based on our actual results over the past few years and our expectations looking ahead, we're confident in our long-term assumption of 0.5% retail load growth and feel good about the economic health of our service areas. I'll close with our investor value proposition on slide 10. We offer an attractive 8% to 10% shareholder return that balances a strong, growing dividend and earnings growth of 4% to 6%. Our growth is driven by very low-risk, regulated investments that are supported by our strong balance sheet. In short, our attractive yield and demonstrated ability to grow our regulated businesses positions Duke Energy as the leading infrastructure investment. With that, let's open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go first to Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning, Shar.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Morning, Shar.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: So, just touching on the grid mod, the $3 billion proposal in South Carolina. Is this kind of incremental to plan? And is there any status on the $13 billion opportunity in North Carolina, maybe just from a legislative standpoint? And when you roll in the $16 billion in potential opportunities, how does that sort of fit in with your 4% to 6%?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Yeah. You know, Shar, we have included in the plan we shared with you in February, grid investment that is generally consistent with these programs that we're talking about. We'll of course fine tune those in February when we give you an update on the five-year plan. And the approach that we've taken both in North Carolina and South Carolina is to complete economic impact studies for the benefits of these investments, also customer benefits that would be delivered directly. And we're in the process of discussions with stakeholders throughout both states, and what this investment potential could mean. We have a couple of pads on recovery which we've talked about. Of course our ultimate goal is modernization of the regulatory framework in North Carolina to allow more timely recovery of these types of investments. But in parallel, we're also pursuing recovery of grid investment in our rate case for Duke Energy Carolinas. We'll pursue a similar path in South Carolina, probably approaching first through the regulatory process and determining whether anything further is required. So, I think this represents just further underpinning of the growth that we've laid out for you and why we have confidence in our ability to deliver at 4% to 6% reaching to the higher end of the range as these investments continue to grow and accumulate.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay, higher end of the range. Okay, that's helpful. And then Lynn, think you've addressed this publicly in the past, but I'm going to put you on the spot anyway, because I know it's been on investors' minds. Is there any interest in a South Carolina nuclear plant or even expanding your footprint in the state, especially since you're already very active there from an economic development standpoint? If you could just address this dead on, it'd be good.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Sure. You know, Shar, we have no interest in the new nuclear plant in South Carolina and we've been clear about that. Given the risks and the uncertainties around completion of that plant, we don't think there's a fit either for customers or investors and we've been very candid with the state about that. As you indicate, South Carolina is incredibly important to Duke Energy. We operate important businesses and important assets in the state. We're announcing today our willingness to invest another $3 billion. So, we are continuing to operate well within the state. We're engaged and supporting our businesses in a way you would expect, but no interest in pursuing new nuclear.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks so much. I'll hop back in the queue.
Operator: And we'll go next to Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Morning.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Morning.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I wanted to just touch base on coal ash spend and wondered if you could remind us in terms of the precedent with Dominion in the state and just your position on the treatment just as a refresher in terms of where we stand on your point of view on recovery of coal ash spend?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Sure. Stephen, let me take the Dominion question first. There is precedent in the State of North Carolina for recovery of coal ash in the Dominion case with return oven on. And similarly in South Carolina in our own case, we received recovery of coal ash and return oven on. As you know, this is an important topic in the North Carolina cases and we are in the process of reviewing the arguments that were presented by public staff and the intervenors and we'll be responding to those very comprehensively with our rebuttal testimony on Monday. We believe that these costs are squarely within the law. They represent environmental compliance costs, and we have pursued our approach around closure of basins and around the science and engineering necessary to support compliance with the federal and state law in a very appropriate, aggressive way with science and engineering underpinning our decisions every step of the way. We believe we have a very strong case that we'll put forward on cost recovery for ash.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's helpful. And when you think about the period of time over which you do recover the costs, as you show in one of your charts, coal ash is a very significant portion of the revenue request. Is there a potential to think about a longer time period over which to have these significant costs spread, just as we're sensitive to thinking about overall customer bill impacts, or are there natural limits around thinking about duration?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Stephen, I think there's an opportunity to look at methods of recovery. If you look at our filing position, we put forward a couple of ideas for consideration by the Commission. There's a traditional deferral and amortization for costs incurred to-date and we proposed recovery of those over a five-year period. And then we also proposed a run rate, which would be to say including a certain amount in customer rates on a current basis, kind of matching the spend, which results in a lower overall cost, because it's without a return, right? It's as you spend it. We think that provides a fertile opportunity for discussion about what makes sense to customers. And that'll be a part of this case as you know. But flexibility around timing always is an opportunity.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. And then just shifting gears over to tax reform, I know we're all trying to very quickly absorb a lot of information in a short amount of time. I wondered if you might have any commentary on just the impact of holding company leverage in terms of your read of the proposal as it's laid out. I guess on my mind is just thinking about whether or not that interest is also exempted under the utility exemption that was included or if it's not exempted, if you can include the EBITDA from the utility businesses themselves, because they themselves are exempted. Just, I'm a little confused, honestly, in terms of thinking through the holdco level impact, so I'm just curious if you had any sort of preliminary thoughts on that.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Yeah, Steven, you're raising a question that we're looking very closely at. And we are evaluating and reading it closely, not only at Duke, but as an industry. I think it's important to recognize that this was a positive step and I think there's clear recognition in the language of the capital we spend, the impact to customers, the importance of interest, forgoing capital expensing normalization, excess deferred taxes are transitioned in an appropriate way. And so, when we look at the holding company, the area that we're focused on is this allocation to a trader business in a regulated utility and we'll be looking very closely at that, we believe, and we will also be engaged in discussions around intent and clarification and will be closely pursuing that over the next several days and coming weeks. But I think the important thing is, there's clear recognition of our industry in this framework, the importance to infrastructure economic development and we believe there could be a path forward on this.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's helpful. Agreed, it was a helpful overall result for the industry. So thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, guys.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Morning.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Hello.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Morning. Just to be clear, the $3 billion grid modernization plan for South Carolina, that's incremental to the previously disclosed $13 billion Power/Forward plan or is that part of it?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: That's really part of the overall grid plan that we've got in our five-year planning, Michael.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got you.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: But, it's incremental to the $13 million, Michael, because $13 million was North Carolina...
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Just North Carolina.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: That's just North Carolina. Okay.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: ...remaining in South Carolina.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got you. So, but it's not additive to the $37 billion CapEx plan. That's what you're saying, right?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: That's correct. That's part of all of our total growth capital in our five-year plan.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got you. And given that there's been no settlement in the DEP case at this point in the process, do you think it's more likely than not that the North Carolina cases are fully litigated rather than settled? And how would you characterize that?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: You know, Michael, we can't comment at this point on whether we're engaged in settlement discussions or whether we will be engaged in settlement discussions. We're in a tight and important time period over the next couple of weeks. What we can talk about is rebuttal testimony on Monday, on November 6. I think that'll give you a very clear view of our response to the arguments that have been put forward. And then the hearing is scheduled for November 20.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, Lynn. Thank you. Just to clarify, so I think you just answered. The $3 billion South Carolina plan is in your capital plan and 4% to 6% growth rate.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: That's correct.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Yes, that's correct.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. And then, how ...
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: The only modification that I would make to that, Steve, is to say, we always fine tune these capital estimates as to timing, near-term, longer term. But you'll recall back in February, we laid out grid investment as a key priority of ours and what we've done is continue to put flesh on the bones and brand them and do the important work with stakeholders. So, it is part of that strategy we laid out. We'll be fine tuning where and how much as we go forward, but you should think about it as part of our strategic plan.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, great. And then, I think you also had a plan that you've at least talked about for North Carolina, in terms of grid modernization. Where does that stand, and is that in your capital plan too, or is it kind of same thing, it's part of the mix of different options?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: You know, it's in the plan, Steve, in the same way I just described for South Carolina. And we are pursuing it on a couple of courses, right, the legislative initiatives that we've talked about. It's also – the DEC piece is also in our Duke Energy Carolinas case, which will proceed in early 2018. So we'll continue to update as we go. We're obviously looking for ways that we can continue to accelerate that investment for the benefit of our customers and achieve the appropriate regulatory outcome.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. One clarification also, what is the renewables impairments, the adjustment that you made? What assets did you impair there?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Yes. The impairment was of some wind farms in West Texas, the Ocotillo wind farm. That had been acquired quite a while ago, roughly 10 years ago. And as we look forward, we see a lot of exploration of the PTCs because these are older facilities, and those are uncontracted assets selling into the merchant market, and some of those prices are projected to be pretty low. So those factors led to the impairment of those assets. Most of our facilities, our renewable facilities, are contracted with third party off-takers. This is one of our earlier ones that was not.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: And we'll go next to Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Just curious...
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Michael.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, Lynn. Just curious how you're thinking about, once ACP comes online, so I'm thinking two years from now, in South Carolina, whether there is a need to have new gas midstream infrastructure in the state, especially since it seems that, with new nuclear plants now not moving forward in that state, you're likely to see an uptick in gas-fired generation burn.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: You know, Michael, I believe there's a keen interest on the part of South Carolina for expanded and continued investment in gas infrastructure, for the reasons that you talked about. Our focus obviously is on the project as it's defined and constituted today, so it's been on – we're pleased with the FERC approval, we're moving forward with state approvals. But as the construction progresses, we'll of course be looking for ways that we can continue deliver value to customers in the states in which we operate.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. So you're not seeing – I want to make sure I kind of understand what you're kind of saying there. You're not necessarily seeing an immediate need, meaning 2020 to 2025 timeframe, to have sizable new midstream into South Carolina yet?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: I'm just not prepared to give you specific timing, Michael. So the timing that you talk about is certainly within our planning horizon. We want to get ACP in first, which is late 2019, so we'll talk more specifically about expansion opportunities as time progresses here. So I wouldn't read anything into when or where it falls in that timeframe, but we do believe that additional infrastructure could be important to our customers and to the states in which we operate.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And coming to the Carolinas on the electric grid modernization program, both in North Carolina and South Carolina, do you need legislation to get trackers or kind of more real-time recovery, or is that, in your view, something that each of the two Commissions could do without actually having to get a new legislation?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Michael, I believe the Commissions could provide tracking recovery in both states for this type of investment. And you see us making a request for that in the Duke Energy Carolinas case. I would also say that the Commission will give us feedback on that and if they believe additional clarification is required to the legislature, we could certainly pursue it there as well. So, I think this is something that remains an ongoing topic of discussion for Duke as we think about modernizing our system and delivering value to customers. We're engaged with stakeholders, we're talking about the benefits that this brings. And we'll just continue to progress it. We see it as a terrific not only opportunity for customers, but obviously investors as well.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Last item, O&M management, in terms of thinking about any synergies that might have existed as part of the Piedmont acquisition or just in general about being able to manage, to keep O&M either flat or even make it decline, where do you see the greatest opportunities within the organization over the next two to three years to manage O&M?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: You know, Michael, we certainly have recognized some synergies with the Piedmont merger, in fact, in excess of what we'd originally projected. Most of those are in corporate type functions. I think as we look forward over the next few years, there's a lot of opportunities for synergies, particularly in the distribution area, as we roll out some of these grid investments that we've been talking about. Smart meters will displace the need for meter readers. Technology along the grid will allow us to know how equipment is performing and help us optimize around maintenance activities. Those are examples of things to come. We've already seen great success in the generation areas around fossil and nuclear efficiencies, but we've got a lot of good functions that will continue to drive efforts in the efficiency areas.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you, Steve. Thank you, Lynn.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thanks.
Operator: And we'll go next to Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Greg.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Hey.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Every single one of my questions was asked, but I just wanted to ask a clarifying question on the tax issue.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Sure.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Clearly, I'm not a congressman, nor am I a legal expert on these issues, but in reading the House Ways and Means Committee summary of the initial plan, it indicated that the interest deduction would be limited to the equivalent of 30% of any company's pre-tax income at the filer level. And so from my perspective, it would seem that – I mean there aren't any utilities that I do research on that even come close to that hurdle, including you. So it would seem to me that just based on that interpretation, you would, in fact, have interest deductibility on your parent debt. Are you just loathed to make an opinion on that, or you don't think that I'm reading it clearly?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: You know Greg, I think the clarifying question there or clarifying point there is, who is a filer? Is it the individual tax payers or is it an affiliated group and consolidated group? And I think, depending on that interpretation and the corporate structure of any utility, that will have a bearing. What we believe is that the combination of the allocation of interest to trades or businesses that are regulated coupled with the 30% and the structure that we have in front of us, we believe we've got a framework here that we can work with. But as you know, it's 24 hours. Everyone's reading every word. Everyone's looking at all the interpretations. We're meeting with the industry. And I think the early read is, we see a lot of positive recognition of our industry. But we want to continue to make sure that we've got the appropriate interpretation and see if any clarification is necessary as this bill progresses.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. That's fair. Thank you. Have a great day.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thanks.
Operator: And we'll go next to Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Julien.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So perhaps just to follow a little bit up on the South Carolina program. Can you elaborate a little bit on the regulatory recovery thought process here, just in terms of the cadence perhaps of future rate cases, should you peruse the full $3 billion? Just how does that change versus what you'd previously articulated, if at all just be very clear about this?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Yeah. So, Julien you may recall, we filed a South Carolina Duke Energy Progress case recently. So, we'll be evaluating capital investment to prepare that utility to go back in. And then, we're evaluating timing on Duke Energy Carolina, South Carolina and also looking at our investment plan to catch that case at the right time. So we always are fine tuning the regulatory calendar. It may move up, it may move back, but what we're trying to communicate today is we see grid investment as an important part of growth in those utilities and we'll be pursuing timely recovery.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. So would you say that barring at any novel trackers, whether approved by the Commission, or likely approved by the Commission or legislative, would you expect to be filing cases on a semi-regular basis in order to ensure kind of earned or near earned ROEs?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: I think that's fair.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Yes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Excellent. And then maybe just following a little bit up on the gas side, obviously, I think at times you've kind of characterized the company as keen, or more keen to look towards gas into the future than perhaps electric. I don't want to put words in your mouth. How are you thinking about that today in terms of your future? And gas including midstream, utility, et cetera.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: You know, Julien, we couldn't be more pleased with the integration of the Piedmont system, not only in terms of the business that they bring, but the expertise and the focus on natural gas. And with the position that Duke holds as a company, second largest consumer of natural gas, we see that as a growing opportunity for us. We're also pleased with progress on Atlantic Coast pipeline. I mean that's a $2 billion investment for us and we're anxious to get construction underway later this year. But we will continue to look for ways we can leverage our market position and expertise to bring investment into the gas business.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. All right. Excellent. I'll leave it there. Thank you all very much.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: See you soon.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Okay.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Morning.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Morning. Lynn or Steve, when you look at your full plan, the $37 billion plan for CapEx, and as you mentioned, you've laid out the South Carolina proposal as part of that. As we sit here today, how much of that plan is now visible out there versus stuff that will eventually come, but hasn't yet been put out there, just to get some rough idea of that?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Well, I think the $37 billion has been well vetted here. We have very good ideas on the grid spend in terms of targeted undergrounding, smart meters, storm hardened equipment. When you look at the piece of the $37 billion, that's related to generating cleaner energy, we have generation facilities such as Citrus or Lee CCs. We've got – our gas growth portion of the plan, $6 billion is very well defined between ACP and the Piedmont distribution investment. So I think we have a very high percentage of plans that we can lay our hands on.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: The Florida settlement also Ali, lays the path in Florida for both grid and renewables. And House Bill 589 in the Carolinas also provides a pathway on additional investment around renewables in North Carolina. So all of the steps you see us taking in 2017 are underpinning confidence in those capital investment plans. They're transparent, they're clear and understandable, and they're projects that we have expertise to deliver.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And then, thinking about the 4% to 6% growth rate, you obviously have two big rate cases right now and we should get clarity on that fairly soon. So, just given the timing of the rate cases, does that cause the earnings growth to be lumpy, perhaps more front-end loaded or are you thinking of it more straight line? How are you thinking about this 2017 through 2021 period?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: You know, Ali, when we talked about guidance this year, we were clear that the plan we've put in front of you gives us the ability to be within the range every year and that is really in response to that question about, will you fall outside of the range because of general rate cases et cetera. The plan we've put in front of you puts us squarely within the range every year. And so that's what we're executing to. And as you know, we'll give you a fuller update on the specifics around 2018 and refinement of the capital in February.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Right. And last question, Steve you mentioned the effective tax rate to think about is 31% to 32% for the year. Is that a good number to think about as we model future years or what should we think about future tax rate?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Well that, again we will be rolling out our tax assumptions in February for upcoming five-year plan. But we've got to think about tax reform that's going on right now and assimilate where that's at. Certainly this year we've done some good work around tax optimization to bring in some tax savings that have lowered the effective tax rate a bit for us. But too hard to predict in the future given what's going on right now. We'll be working on that and rolling that out in February.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Understood. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Christopher Turnure with JPMorgan.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, guys.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Hello.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I just wanted to ask two quick questions, the first on coal ash. Hypothetically speaking, let's say that you are unable to get the recovery that you guys feel you deserve, there, ultimately. What kind of leeway on spending do you have going forward, given the fact that you have kind of the lion's share to go, and you have the law that you have to comply with?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Well Chris, we'll comply with the law. We have state and federal requirements; CAMA in North Carolina, CCR in the Carolinas, and then throughout our service territory. So that's what we are – we'll comply with all of those requirements. And we will aggressively pursue recovery, and we'll have more to say about that, of course, as we work through these rate cases. There are court appeals and other avenues we could pursue if we think that's appropriate. We believe we have a very strong case.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I know there's multiple categorizations of the ash ponds and timing associated with each one of those. But is there leeway on timing, in addition to what you just described?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: You're probably thinking about the risk rating in North Carolina, Chris. So we have certain sites that are due by the 2019, 2024, 2029. There are also timeframes within CCR. So you may have flexibility within a year or so, depending on how you ramp up the activity. But when you look at the project overall, the team is doing an outstanding job of balancing the compliance requirements with the spending in a way that minimizes cost to the extent we can, but of course complying with the law, as we always will.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then my second question is on the renewables segment. I think the impairment this quarter was excluded from your adjusted EPS. So if we just look at the adjusted number year-to-date, looks like maybe you're falling a little bit short of plan. I think that segment last year also was not quite where you had originally wanted it to be. Anything we should be aware of there, versus your expectations?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: No. You know, Chris, the other thing I'd point to is, we've had weak wind resources in 2017, which has had an impact on results year-to-date. So we're continuing to operate the assets well. There will be weather variability, and there will be some variability around timing of projects, particularly those that are impacted by ITC, but nothing additional that I'd share with you from a strategic point of view on that segment.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, Lynn.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our last question today from Praful Mehta with Citigroup.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks so much. So, if possible, can we go back to tax reform for one minute? Just wanted to understand, on this holding company debt and the interest deductibility on that debt. Is it possible, from the read, that holding company would be treated as a separate tax filer relative to the utilities, in which case obviously the utility, holding company, has no income and purely just an interest expense, if that were the scenario. Can that scenario play out, or do you think that's not realistic?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: No, you know Praful, we do have certain of our utilities flowing up into the tax payer called Duke Energy Corporation, just the way we are structured. And so, I think there are a couple of avenues we're looking at; this allocation to trader business, a regulated utility, and then of course the 30% test. So, we believe we see a path here, but it's 24 hours. We want to take the time to understand, get the clarification. But I think the progress that we've made in this, and the recognition of our industry, is something that should not be overlooked.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Fair enough. And then secondly, on this Duke Energy Progress, the response from the staff obviously was quite conservative, in terms of the rate increase versus what you've asked. You seem pretty confident that you should be able to get to a good position there. Just any more color on that would be helpful. And what if you don't hit – like, let's say you get 50% of the ask. Just what does that mean for growth and 4% to 6% growth as well?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Yeah, so Praful, I would point again to this rebuttal testimony that we're filing on November 6. We disagree with the positions that were put forward on ash in particular, as well as a number of other items that were highlighted in the testimony. We believe they're not supported by precedent or the law, and we'll make those positions very clear. We are open to settlement discussions. Cannot comment on whether we are engaged or will be engaged in those discussions. But the process needs to play out over the next couple of weeks; hearing's of course on the [November] 20. And I think the potential implication to the financial results, we'll share with you when we have more information to share, and I think this is just a process that's going to need to unfold, not only over the next couple of weeks, but of course the Commission order is not expected until early 2018.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. Well, thanks so much guys, and look forward to catching up with you yet. (52:55)
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Okay.
Operator: And that concludes the question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Ms. Lynn Good for any additional or closing remarks.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Great. Thank you. And thank you for your interest and investment in Duke Energy. We look forward to seeing many of you next week at EEI and continuing discussion. So thanks again for your time this morning.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Callahan - Duke Energy Corp. Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp. Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.
Analysts: Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Duke Energy Second Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Callahan. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Callahan - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you, Cathy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Duke Energy's second quarter 2017 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chairman, President and CEO; along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide two presents the Safe Harbor statement, which accompanies our presentation materials. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website and in today's materials. Please note the appendix for today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures. As summarized on slide three, during today's call Lynn will briefly discuss our financial and operational highlights for the quarter. She will also provide an update on our efforts to achieve timely cost recovery in North Carolina, how we continue to transform the customer experience, and the progress we have made on our strategic investments. Steve will then provide an overview of our second quarter financial results and insight about our economic and low growth trends. He will also provide more details about our North Carolina rate cases before closing with our key investor considerations. With that, let me turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced adjusted earnings per share of $1.01 for the second quarter. These results reflect strong execution in driving growth, managing cost and making progress on our strategic investment priorities. We remain on track to deliver our full year earnings guidance range of $4.50 to $4.70 per share. During the quarter, we also increased our quarterly dividend by 4.1%, in line with our policy to grow dividends consistent with our long-term growth in earnings. This marks the 91st consecutive year we've paid a cash dividend to our investors. Turning to operations, we've continued to pursue excellence in everything we do. The second quarter is an important quarter for nuclear outages. Over the last two years, our nuclear leadership team has been focused on driving greater productivity into our outage performance. That work is delivering results. In McGuire Station, we completed a 23-day unit outage, a new record for McGuire. And at our Catawba Station, the team completed an outage in 24 days, five days ahead of schedule. These efforts are consistent with our strategy to find additional efficiencies in our processes and more effectively manage outage timelines. Our Edwardsport plant is also setting new operational records. Gasifier availability has improved to over 85% year-to-date. The plant is also in the midst of a record-setting run of more than 200 consecutive days, an increase of nearly 20% over the prior station record. As a result of the strong operational performance, electric generation has exceeded the prior year by more than 8%. In addition, EEI recently presented us their Excellence Award for Supplier Diversity, highlighting our focus on collaborating with a diverse set of vendors and suppliers as we advance our long-term strategy. And Piedmont Natural Gas was named America's second most trusted utility among residential customers, according to a nationwide survey. These results demonstrate the dedication and commitment of our employees. I want to thank them for their focus on safe operations by serving (4:02) our customers with reliable energy every day. Moving to slide 5, I wanted to spend a few minutes highlighting progress on our strategy; investing in infrastructure our customers value, and delivering sustainable growth. This slide outlines the underlying investment priorities, strengthening and modernizing the energy grid, generating cleaner energy, and expanding our natural gas infrastructure. Importantly, it also highlights key foundational elements to our success: customer focus and stakeholder engagement. Today, I will update you on work underway on these two foundational elements, focusing on House Bill 589 and the customer experience, followed by an update on our strategic investment priorities. Slide 6 includes a summary of recently enacted legislation, House Bill 589, also known as the Competitive Energy Solutions for North Carolina Act. This legislation provides a strong example of stakeholder engagement and progress, and achieving timely investment recovery in North Carolina. It outlines a thoughtful, rational approach to renewables growth that supports our commitment to deliver reliable and cleaner energy to customers and timely returns to investors, and it has the broad support of a wide range of stakeholders. The law reforms the PURPA process, and helps integrate new renewable generation in a way that balances reliability and affordability. It will now allow costs associated with standard contracts for Qualified Facilities to be recovered through the state's fuel costs. It also creates a competitive bidding process for approximately 2,600 megawatts of utility-scale renewable energy projects. Duke Energy will have an opportunity to participate with self-build projects, up to a 30% cap. However, utilities may also acquire projects from third parties, and these acquisitions are not subject to the cap. The law also allows for the recovery of costs associated with these projects through a new rider to be established by the Commission. The competitive bidding process will ensure that new renewables are brought on to the system at market-based rates, delivering nearly $1 billion in savings for our customers over the next decade. It will support the continued growth in renewables in a market-driven and customer-focused way, and provide an opportunity for additional utility-owned investment by our Carolinas utility. This legislative accomplishment demonstrates the importance of stakeholder support and collaboration. We continue to lay the foundation to advance a broader public policy agenda in North Carolina that supports a healthy, robust, energy market through energy grid investment. Strengthening and modernizing the grid will deliver tremendous benefits to our customers, while also creating thousands of new jobs and putting millions of dollars right back into our local communities through new economic development. Our agenda will include both legislative and regulatory initiatives. Turning to slide 7, as we implement our vision for Duke, the customer is at the center of all we do, enhancing their experience is a strategic part of our infrastructure investment strategy. Work is underway to expand customer control, convenience, and choices about their energy experience. Examples include programs such as Pick Your Own Due Date (sic) [Pick Your Due Date] and Prepaid Advantage. Customers can select a billing due date that fits their personal preferences. Prepaid Advantage is a pilot program that allows customers to choose the amount, date, and frequency at which they prepay for their energy services. Customers with smart meters now also receive energy usage alerts, minimizing surprises when their bill arrives. And smart meters will also allow us to enhance our existing outage awareness communication. Finally, as outlined on this slide, we are launching a new Duke Energy customer app in early 2018. The app will provide real-time personalized updates, giving our customers more control over their energy usage and enhancing their interactions with Duke Energy. Our customers expect customized solutions, and we're expanding our services to meet and exceed their expectations. Turning to slide eight, I want to highlight a few of our strategic investments. In the second quarter, we advanced our plans to install smart meters across our service areas. The Kentucky Public Service Commission approved our plans to deploy smart meters to our Northern Kentucky electric customers. This will add to the more than 2 million meters we have already installed across our service territories. We're also making progress with our investments in low carbon natural gas plants and renewables. Our W.S. Lee, Citrus County and Western Carolinas combined cycle natural gas plants are progressing on schedule and remain on budget. And we're advancing our proposed expansion of our Lincoln Combustion Turbine site using state-of-the-art Siemens technology. Also in mid-July, the Public Service Commission of South Carolina approved our contract to move forward with a combined heat and power project with Clemson University. Shifting to our gas business, we've reached significant milestones for two of our natural gas pipeline projects. FERC issued the Final Environmental Impact statement for the Atlantic Coast Pipeline on July 21st. Federal and state permitting efforts are proceeding in parallel and are on track. We look forward to the confirmation of the current FERC appointees to ensure a quorum. This will allow the Commission to issue the final project certificate this fall, keeping the project on target for an in-service state in the second half of 2019. As of July 3, the Sabal Trail main line is now in service, delivering much needed natural gas to the Southeast region. We are also on track to complete the lateral to our new Citrus County combined-cycle plant in October. We continue to work through the permitting process for the proposed Constitution Pipeline project. We anticipate that the Second Circuit Court of Appeals decision will be issued soon. In light of this delay, the targeted in-service date has been revised to as early as the first half of 2019. Natural gas will play a major role on our continued growth, and we're committed to expanding our infrastructure to meet our customers' needs. In closing, we're now halfway through 2017 and building momentum for the future. We remain on track to deliver current year results. We are also maintaining a strong focus on our strategic priorities, our customers, the energy grid, generating clean energy, developing gas infrastructure and ongoing stakeholder engagements. We are excited about the progress and growth we see in our business and remain committed to the foundation of our success, safety and operational excellence. Now, let me turn the call over to Steve.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thanks, Lynn. Today, I will walk you through the key drivers from the second quarter, discuss current retail volume trends, and update you on economic indicators. I will also provide an overview of our recently filed rate case for Duke Energy Progress North Carolina. I'll close with the summary of our key investor considerations. Let's start with the quarterly results. I will cover the highlights on slide nine and discuss our adjusted earnings per share variances compared to the prior year quarter. For more detailed information on segment variances versus last year, and a reconciliation of reported results to adjusted results, please refer to the supporting materials that accompany in today's press release and presentation. On a reported or GAAP basis, 2017 second quarter earnings per share were $0.98 compared to $0.74 last year. Second quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.01 compared to $1.07 in the second quarter of 2016. Lower results in the current year reflect the absence of International Energy, which contributed $0.05 in the prior year quarter, and the effects of less favorable weather. Absent these factors, we saw solid growth across each of our operating segments. Electric Utilities & Infrastructure quarterly adjusted results were up $0.03 per share quarter-over-quarter. This performance was primarily driven by higher retail revenues from increased pricing in riders, and stronger retail volumes. I'll discuss the individual drivers of volume growth by customer class in just a moment. Regulatory pricing is higher as a result of the recent activity in our DEP South Carolina utility, and from generation base rate adjustments in Florida. As for riders, we are seeing incremental growth in our Indiana and Ohio grid investment riders, and utility-sponsored energy efficiency riders in the Carolinas. We continue to manage cost across the business. Finding additional efficiencies and optimizing our resources, we are on track to meet our O&M savings goals for the year, exhibiting flexibility to mitigate the unfavorable weather in the first quarter. We've made great progress today, and we'll continue to work hard managing costs in the second half of the year. Gas Utilities & Infrastructure results were primarily driven by our ongoing investments in the Atlantic Coast and Sabal Trail pipelines. As expected, the LDC results were flat in the quarter and we continue to expect these businesses to provide the bulk of their remaining earnings contribution in the fourth quarter. Moving on, our Commercial Renewables segment was up $0.02 for the quarter. Increased wind resource and production from new projects brought on line in 2016 were partially offset by lower solar ITCs in the current year. Other was down $0.07 for the quarter. This was driven by higher tax expense, primarily due to a prior year favorable IRS resolution and higher interest expense at the holding company from the Piedmont acquisition financing. Based on our results to date and expectations for the second half of the year, we are on track to finish within our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance range of $4.50 to $4.70 per share. Turning to slide 10, I'll review our retail volume trends. On a rolling 12-month basis, weather-normalized retail electric load was 0.6%, driven by improvement across all customer classes. Excluding the impact of the leap day in the prior year, our rolling 12-month volume growth would have been 0.9%. Building upon our first quarter trends, growth in the second quarter was 1.2%. The solid results for the first half of the year and the rolling 12 months align with our long-term expectations for approximately one-half of 1% load growth over our five-year planning horizon. The residential sector grew 2.5% in the quarter, and 1% on a rolling 12-month basis, as our attractive service territories continue to experience new customer growth. This is particularly true in the Carolinas and Florida, where we are seeing residential customer growth of 1.4% and 1.5%, respectively. Our combined gas utilities are also adding new customers at an annual rate of 1.3%. The Piedmont service territories are growing at 1.6%, with very strong growth of almost 2% in the Nashville Metro area. As we look ahead, trends in new job and wage growth, and continued recovery in the housing market, are positive signs for ongoing residential growth. We continue to see a trend of increasing single-family building permits across all of our service territories, and a decline in the starts of multi-family homes. As of May, the Southeastern states that Duke serves in, our electric and gas utilities rank among the top seven states in the country for growth in single-family building permits. In all, eight of the top 25 metro areas for growth in single-family permits are cities within Duke service territories. During the second quarter, commercial sales across our jurisdictions improved by 0.4%, and are up 0.8% over the rolling 12 months. As we experience growth in the residential class, we see corresponding growth in related commercial businesses, such as hotels and restaurants. Even with the addition of new office space in our service areas, vacancies continue to decline, demonstrating positive signs for growth in this sector. Turning to industrials on a rolling 12-month basis, the sector declined 0.2%. However, quarterly performance was strong for the second quarter in a row, with 0.7% growth in Q2. Industries that support sales to consumers, such as construction and housing, continue to perform well. This strength is partially offset by the metals and auto manufacturing sectors. As we look to the remainder of the year, we are cautiously optimistic about the continued strength in industrials, as the job market remains robust and industrial production advances. We will continue to closely monitor economic conditions and our customer usage patterns, and we'll update you throughout the remainder of the year. Before closing, I want to highlight a few of the key drivers for the pending rate case in our Duke Energy Progress North Carolina utility, as highlighted on slide 11. On June 1, we filed a request with the North Carolina Utilities Commission to increase revenues by $477 million for Duke Energy Progress. This is our first rate case in this jurisdiction since 2013. Since the prior rate case, we have made significant investments in new generation facilities to meet the needs of a growing customer base, and transition to a low-carbon future. These facilities include new solar generation, highly efficient natural gas-fired units at our Sutton site, and amount spent to-date on our new Western Carolinas Modernization Project. In addition, we are seeking to recover investments required to comply with federal and state environmental regulations. These include a wastewater treatment system at our Mayo coal-fired facility, and expenses incurred to safely close our ash basins. We have also requested to include an estimate of the ongoing cost associated with ash basin closure efforts, based on actual spend in 2016. And the amount spent above or below this estimate will be deferred to a future rate case. This approach would allow us to recover our estimated costs as incurred, reducing our financing costs and ultimately benefiting our retail customers. If approved, this will build upon the recent third quarter, allowing both the EC and the EP to recover costs for coal ash remediation from wholesale customers. We believe this was a prudent approach to managing these expenses and maintaining competitive rates for our customers. Looking ahead, intervenor testimony is due on October 20, and the hearings will begin on November 20. Under this schedule, new rates could go into effect on February 1, 2018. Also, in North Carolina, we submitted our notice to the NCUC that Duke Energy Carolinas intends to file a rate case on or about August 25. Similar to Duke Energy Progress, Duke Energy Carolinas has not had a rate case since 2013. Detailed information will be available when we make the full filing later this month. I'll close with slide 12, a reminder of our attractive investor value proposition. Duke Energy's large regulated franchises and diverse investment opportunities provide balanced growth in earnings and reliable dividends over time. We are well positioned to deliver growth in earnings and dividends in a low risk, predictable and transparent way, providing an attractive risk-adjusted shareholder return for our investors. As a capital intensive business, our growth is supported by the scale and strength of our balance sheet. In May, Moody's changed their outlook for Duke Energy Corporation to stable from negative, and affirmed our current ratings at the holding company and subsidiaries, further validating our approach to managing the balance sheet. We remain focused on maintaining the strength for the benefit of our customers and investors. In short, our attractive yield and demonstrated ability to reliably grow our regulated businesses positions Duke Energy as the leading infrastructure investment. With that, let's open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our first question from Mike Weinstein with Credit Suisse
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, guys. How are you doing?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Hello, Mike.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Good morning. Could you talk a little bit about the status of legislation in North Carolina, and where you think that might be going, and what kind of timeline you might be expecting on that?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hey, Mike, we're really pleased with the H.B. 589 that we referenced on the call. This was very constructive, I think really a win-win piece of legislation, culminating from a 10-month stakeholder process, and bringing not only the opportunity for growth but reduction of cost to customers, improving reliability and opportunities for additional investment for Duke. So we see it as a demonstrated milestone for us as we continue to advance legislative initiatives in the Carolinas. As you know, additional investment around the grid remains the priority for us, and we have laid a very strong foundation in this legislative session on the compelling business case for customers, and also the case for job creation in North Carolina, and look for ways that we can continue to advance that agenda, not only in the legislature but in the regulatory arena as well. So we see 2017 as being a year that we made great progress and more to come.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And also with the PURPA reforms test, when do you expect to see maybe some additional opportunities coming from that?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: There is a procedural schedule that goes with the legislation, Mike, where we need to make a series of filings. So think about this as beginning in 2018 generally. This does represent additional investment opportunities for us in renewables which we'll evaluate carefully along with all of the other capital opportunities that we have. But we see it as a very constructive piece of legislation benefiting customers, and also creating a sustainable renewable market here in the Carolina.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: So perhaps, maybe we'll see some more info on that next February. Is that in the next CapEx update?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Sure. Certainly, we'll give you an update on CapEx in 2018, and we'll continue to develop this opportunity, Mike, even between now and then. So you can think about us as looking for ways throughout all of our jurisdictions to continue to deploy capital. And this represents another opportunity that provides investors with visibility on what's possible, and we think, underpins our growth rate for the future. So we look at this as a very significant milestone for us.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: All right. Great. Thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Greg Gordon from Evercore. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thank you. Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning, Greg.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Congratulations on the legislation. It's clearly a win for customers by lowering their costs, and also a win for you guys being able to participate if you can bring in competitive projects. So congrats on that.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: On the rate case, you indicated we won't be getting any details on the Duke Energy Carolinas filing until further little while now. But what was the date again at which we'll be able to sort of analyze the ask (25:05) there?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Greg, it will later in August. So we typically file notice 30 days before the case is filed. That's the process here in North Carolina. Soon we (25:15) file notice late July, you'll hear more in late August.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. And can we talk a little bit about the ask (25:22) and the Duke Energy Progress case? I know it's early days in your filing, and you'll be engaging with all the major parties in the case as we go through time. But the headline, increase is 14%, that's a pretty substantial number. Now, I also understand that you haven't filed a rate case in many years, and so that's a cumulative of having been away from rate filings for a while, and the fact that you've put a substantial amount of capital to work, which you deserve recovery for. But still, it's just a very large number. So can you talk about sort of how you socialize that, especially in the context of a lot of the growth capital that you've talked about related to grid modernization isn't even in this case, it's going to be in subsequent sort of future negotiations with Commission.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Greg, it's a fair question, and I would point to a couple of things on this. It's been several years since we've been in. One thing you shall notice that's not in the case is very aggressive cost management. So we've been able to deliver consistent and deliberate cost management to offset impacts to customers. And as we think about moving this case through the process, we'll also engage with stakeholders, as you referenced, to reach a settlement, if we can do that or to have good constructive discussions on how we move forward. So we've got strong capital in here for things like the Sutton Plant and new solar, and we also have investments in the Western Carolina Modernization Project, which has been strongly supported here in the Carolinas, and of course, coal ash. So I think we have a demonstrated record. If you look at the way we've approached the rate cases in this state, really in every state we operate in; bringing people together to come up with a solution that works for customers and investors will ultimately be our objective, and I believe the Commission as well, finding that right balance between customers and investors. So we will work this as we've worked every case, and I have confidence that we'll deliver an outcome that makes sense for both customers and investors.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. And can you just refresh our memories traditionally, if there was an opportunity for settlement, that sort of what window in the case does that usually avail itself?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: I would look to kind of that October, mid-October to mid-November timeframe, Greg, for the DEP case. The procedural schedule has the hearing set for November 20. Testimony occurs kind of in that last month before the hearing. And so that's the point where you start to see the positions of the parties, and you create an opportunity to sit down and have discussions.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Perfect. Thank you. Have a great day.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Jonathan.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. So we just wondered, you cited ACP as one of the drivers in the quarter, increased investment. Can you share how much you've invested to date and – prior to things getting moving?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Yes. We've got about $500 million invested in ACP at this point.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And so that's the rate base number, effectively, that's driving the (29:01)?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: That's correct.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then, just on the cost to achieve on Piedmont, they seem to be kind of still running at a decent clip. Give us a sense of what's still being booked there, and when does that start to fade?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: That will continue to fade through 2017 and through 2018. We still have some software integration costs that we're looking at. That's the primary area, as you retire systems that Piedmont was on, convert data over into the Duke system, and do those types of software integration efforts. That's the main effort underway at this point.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So you think by eight – (29:49) they'll run through next year and then be small.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: That's correct.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Jon, I would add, I think the integration of Piedmont has really been a textbook integration, very smooth. The business continues to run very well. And, given our track record here of a number of mergers over time, we've developed a playbook that we've effectively executed here. So I'm really pleased with where we are in the integration.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you for that.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next one from Praful Mehta. Please go ahead.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: So, quick question on the rate case, Duke Energy Progress rate case. Is the ROE something that would also be up for discussion, in terms of the 10.75%, or you think that one is more set and really not up for debate?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Praful, ROE is always up for discussion. Our allowed ROE today is 10.2%. We believe, in a rising interest rate environment, the 10.75% is a dependable ask, but ROE is always a topic of discussion, and will be in this case.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. And the rising interest rate environment is more based on projections of where you see rates going over time. Is that how they will look at it?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: That's correct.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Fair enough. Got you. And the other thing I was also looking at was the holding company debt. I think one of the slides in the back you have the issuances, and there seems to be more to be issued in this year. So it's from slide, I think, 25. Just wanted to understand, like what is the percentage target, I guess, in terms of holding company debt as a proportion to total for this year? And then, is there any concern from a notching (31:50) perspective in terms of credit ratings, where agencies are limiting or saying that, hey, above a certain level, there could be a notching (31:59) implication on the rating?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Yes, Praful. As we put forth in February, we expect the holding company debt to be in the mid-30s percentage of total company debt this year. And over our five-year plan, it will crest around the mid-30s percentage and start to come down a bit in the low to mid-30s percentage by the end of the five-year plan. And we've been very transparent with the rating agencies about that. We think with our low-risk profile of our businesses that certainly is comfortable for our credit ratings, and our rating agencies have agreed with us on that. Regarding our holding company position for this year, we've issued about $1 billion, a lot of it through private placement thus far through 2017. There'll be some other issuances at the holding company level that we're planning could be fairly soon in the summer.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: And Praful, I think the important point here is, if you look at where the company is positioned, coming out of all the portfolio transition that's been underway, we operate a very strong set of regulated utilities and low-risk jurisdictions with visible capital investment that we have a demonstrated track record of completing. We've been very transparent with the agencies on our capital plans, and they're comfortable with where we are. The recent action on Moody's is an indication of that. And so there's nothing in this financing plan that's a change in the way we're managing the business. And we'll intend to execute our strategic plan in growing the company and maintaining balance sheet strength.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Understood. And just finally, I mean, you guys have a pretty good perspective across the U.S. of load growth. So wanted to understand electrification and just electric cars, there seems to be quite a trend at least expected over time to move in that direction. Do you see that as something impacting load growth over time? Do you see that as a hope for the utility sector in terms of incremental load growth? How do you view that electrification trend, I guess?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Praful, I think it is positive. And I think it will grow over time. I don't see it as a step change though in load growth because of all the other factors impacting load, including energy efficiency and other items. But it's definitely a positive trend, and we are actively in the electrification market with a team of people working in our service territories and with vendors to find ways that we can take advantage of that opportunity.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. Thanks so much, guys.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Just a question, I mean...
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Mike.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Congrats on a good quarter.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I want to talk Florida for a second because you're getting in the seventh to eighth innings or so with some of the gas generation development, meaning Citrus, Hines. I'm just curious how you're looking at your Florida jurisdiction in terms of; A, the need for new conventional generation; or B, a potential utility scale solar rollout in Florida. We're seeing some of your peers in Florida, the regulated companies actually do a sizeable amount of annual investing in utility-scale solar. Just curious if your customer base and if the regulator and the intervenors who talk to you down there, kind of have an appetite for that for Duke Energy Florida?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Michael, I feel like we have a wealth of opportunities in Florida. You may remember that we're under a settlement agreement that runs through January 1, 2019. And so the team is very actively looking at the next wave of investments to deliver customer benefits. We think renewables will be a part of that. You may have noticed in our 10-year site plan, we have like 750 megawatts of solar on our agenda. But we also see additional growth investment potential in Florida. So that work is underway. And as we continue to mature those ideas and reach a timeframe where it makes sense to talk about it more specifically, we'll do that. But we see great opportunity in Florida, and really pleased with the rebound in the economy there. But the growth that Steve highlighted just underscores the strong and growing jurisdictions in which we operate.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you and much appreciated.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: I know it's early but...
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning. (36:51) what you see the opportunity around Bill 589, and do you think, is that incremental capital or would that displace other capital?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Paul, one way to think about it is, there's about 3,000 megawatts or so of solar in that legislation. We have an ability to compete for 30% of that, and we have the ability to buy beyond that 30%, and flow those costs through a rider, which gives us timely investment recovery. In our five-year plan, we have something like $400 million of capital directed towards that type of investment in the Carolinas. So we do have more investment opportunities than we imagined (37:38), and our role will be to look at those investment opportunities, compare to alternatives and do as much as we can in a way that delivers great returns. So I see it as a growing list or great opportunities to deploy capital that underpins confidence and the ability to grow 4% to 6%.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And there are no more questions in queue.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Okay. Well, thank you, everyone, for participating today. We'll have a chance to see many of you over the next month or so, and look forward to a good third quarter. Of course, the IR team is available this afternoon if there are any further questions and I appreciate your interest and your investment in Duke Energy. Thanks again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's call, and thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Callahan - Duke Energy Corp. Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp. Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp. Lee T. Mazzocchi - Duke Energy Corp.
Analysts: Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium
Operator: Please standby. We're about to begin. Good day and welcome to the Duke Energy First Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mike Callahan. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Callahan - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you, Noah. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Duke Energy's first quarter 2017 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chairman, President and CEO; along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide two presents the Safe Harbor statement which accompanies our presentation materials. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website and in today's materials. Please note the appendix for today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures. As summarized on slide three, during today's call Lynn will briefly discuss our financial and operational highlights for the quarter. She will also provide an update on the progress we have made against our long-term strategy including additional details about our grid modernization efforts. Steve will then provide an overview of our first quarter financial results, insight about economic and low growth trends, and an update on our regulatory and rate case activity. With that, let me turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced adjusted earnings per share of $1.04 for the first quarter. We had solid growth in our electric and gas utilities in the quarter driven by our ongoing investment programs. This was offset by the warm winter weather experienced across all of our jurisdictions. We're already taking action in leveraging our agile operations and ability to manage costs to offset the effects of the weather which Steve will discuss in more detail in a moment. With our strongest quarter ahead, we remain on track for 2017 and have affirmed our full year guidance range. Through all of this, our focus on operational excellence has not changed and our commitment to safety is unwavering. Over the last six months, we've welcomed our Piedmont colleagues and I'm proud to share the recent accomplishments in safety and environmental stewardship as outlined on this slide. I may not quite sound like myself today. We're suffering from a spring cold so thanks for your patience and interest in Duke. The integration of Piedmont is well underway and we're pleased with the progress to-date. Merger integration can be a time of uncertainty but our Piedmont teammates have consistently delivered strong operational, financial, and customer performance. We're looking forward to a strong full year contribution from Piedmont in 2017. Let me highlight a couple of very recent successes. In the Midwest, the American Gas Association awarded our Midwest LDCs the 2016 Safety Achievement Award. Our employees had the lowest incident rate for days away from work compared to our peers last year. Also, Piedmont was recognized as an environmental champion for the third consecutive year based on a nationwide survey. This is the result of our efforts to reduce vehicle fleet emissions and make our facilities more energy efficient. These awards are a testament to our industry-leading operational excellence and I'm proud of our employees and their continued focus on safety and efficient operations. As we turn to slide five and six, we thought it would be appropriate to briefly revisit our strategic vision for the company which we discussed with you in February. Our industry is undergoing transformation from increasing customer and stakeholder expectations to rapid technology development and new public policy requirements. The companies that succeed in this environment are those who anticipate and adapt. We see great opportunity in this period of transformation to invest in infrastructure, our customers' value, and deliver sustainable growth for our investors. This strategy defines priorities for us every day, from investments to regulatory and legislative initiatives. Slide six depicts how this vision is manifested and establishes our investment priorities over the next 10 years. We will invest in areas that position us well for the future including strengthening our energy delivery system, generating cleaner energy, and expanding natural gas infrastructure. Everything we do begins with customer service and we also understand that working collaboratively with our stakeholders is critical to our success. On today's call, we want to highlight the investments we're making in the energy delivery system by, first, providing more details on our investment plans and, secondly, by sharing our recent experience in the Carolinas. Turning to slide seven, let me provide more details in our grid investment plan. The energy grid is a critical part of our nation's infrastructure, directly impacting nearly every part of our economy. Duke Energy's grid is the largest in the nation, stretching more than 300,000 miles. We have developed a comprehensive plan to create a smarter delivery system that positions our states for the future, delivering the reliability and services our customers expect. While some tend to think of grid modernization primarily in terms of smart meters, our plan is more comprehensive. Our investments will help us to automatically reroute power and accelerate restoration through new technologies and core infrastructure upgrades. This will add connectivity, capacity, and control to the grid allowing the system to self-identify problems and react automatically to shorten or eliminate outages. Our targeted undergrounding program will replace select sections of poorly performing overhead lines, many located in hard to access areas. Our plan will strengthen the grid as we upgrade transformers, replace aging cable and poles, install additional protective devices, and expand our flood mitigation work. We will also improve the grid's resilience against cyber attacks and physical threats through enhanced system intelligence programs. And to give our customers the tools to help them lower their bills and improve their experience, we are investing in smart meters, communications technologies, and upgraded systems. These investments will help us improve outage detection and better manage new grid devices including distributed generation. Turning to slide eight, let me highlight an important example of recent progress in the Carolinas. In April, we announced our 10-year plan to upgrade and strengthen our energy grid in North Carolina. The initiative called Power/Forward Carolinas will allow us to reduce outages and better serve our customers, helping to keep the lights on and businesses running. But the investment will do more than modernize our energy grid. It will enable more cost-saving solutions, provide additional reliability to customers, and serve as an economic stimulus for North Carolina communities. We commissioned Ernst & Young to study the potential economic impacts of Power/Forward Carolina. According to the study, our investment will create $21.5 billion in economic output over a decade, bring nearly 14,000 direct and indirect jobs to North Carolina, and contribute nearly $1 billion in state and local taxes that will flow directly into local communities to continue making North Carolina one of the top places to live and work. This long-term initiative was announced in April and the response has been positive as we continue to educate our customers and stakeholders on our plan and the benefits it will provide to the region. Our vision is to create a smarter energy grid. We have bold plans and I'm confident in our ability to execute the strategy across our service territories to better serve our customers in the future. Turning now to slide nine, let me take a moment to update you on a few of our nearer-term strategic initiatives that lay the foundation for our future success. Progress continues on smart meter deployment around our system. To-date, we've installed over 2 million smart meters in our utilities including over 1 million in the Carolinas. In Indiana, our grid modernization efforts are well underway as we continue to roll out a smarter network in the state through the TDSIC program. We're also moving forward with our work to generate cleaner energy with our investments in natural gas plants and renewables. Construction of our W.S. Lee, Citrus County, and Western Carolinas combined cycle natural gas plants remain on track and on budget. For more than a decade, we've been working toward a lower carbon future by modernizing and diversifying our system, including retiring older coal plants and building new natural gas plants and renewables. So far, we have reduced carbon emissions by 29% since 2005 and we're committed to advancing these efforts. With the recent release of our latest corporate sustainability report, we've introduced a new ambitious goal. By 2030, we plan to reduce carbon emissions by 40% from the 2005 level. Work also continues in our three interstate natural gas pipelines as we invest in the needed infrastructure to improve access to this cleaner, cheaper fuel. In Florida, the Sabal Trail Pipeline is on track to be in service in June and construction of the lateral to our Citrus County plant remains on time to meet the planned service date. This summer, we expect the final environmental impact statement for the Atlantic Coast Pipeline, keeping the project on time to begin construction in the second half of this year. State and local governments in West Virginia, Virginia, and North Carolina continue to support the project as they understand the economic benefit of this critical infrastructure. Final FERC approval is expected by late summer or early fall which will require a quorum on the commission. Regarding the Constitution Pipeline, we continue to believe this FERC-approved project will benefit customers in New York and New England, bringing much needed low-cost natural gas to the region. We're disappointed in the ruling by the U.S. District Court for the northern district of New York which was related to New York state permit requirements. However, we're still pursuing our appeal associated with the Clean Water Act water quality certification. We anticipate a decision on our appeal from the U.S. Second Circuit Court of Appeals as early as the second quarter of this year. And our discussions with stakeholders continue and we will work diligently to complete the project with our partners. In addition, we continue to engage with federal lawmakers and administration officials in Washington as they consider potential reforms to tax and infrastructure policies. We're actively advocating on behalf of our customers and shareholders as we meet with industry organizations such as the [EI] and congressional leaders. We will remain active on key issues facing our industry and support policies that keep customer bills low and spur economic growth while also ensuring the reliability of our system in protecting the environment. We're off to a good start to the year. The fundamentals of our businesses are strong and we have a great team of dedicated employees focused on executing our strategy safely and efficiently. I look forward to updating you throughout the year about additional milestones we reached. Now, let me turn it over to Steve.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thanks, Lynn. Today, I will walk you through the key earnings drivers from the first quarter, discuss current retail volume trends and economic indicators as well as provide an update on regulatory activity underway in several of our jurisdictions. I'll close with a summary of our key investor considerations. Let's start with the quarterly results. I will cover the highlights on slide 10 and discuss our adjusted earnings per share variances compared to the prior year quarter. For a more detailed information on segment variances versus last year and a reconciliation of reported results to adjusted results, please refer to the supporting materials that accompany today's press release and presentation. On a reported or GAAP basis, 2017 first quarter earnings per share were $1.02 compared to $1.01 last year. First quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.04 compared to $1.13 in the first quarter of 2016. Lower results in the current year reflect the absence of International Energy results due to the successful sale of the business in December 2016 and the effects of warm winter weather. Removing the impact of weather, we see strong growth in the regulated businesses and a solid contribution from Piedmont. Electric Utilities and Infrastructure quarterly adjusted results were $0.03 per share, lower quarter-over-quarter. This performance was primarily driven by the warm winter weather that we experienced over the past few months. In fact, this was the second warmest February and sixth warmest winter on record in the U.S, and our service territories in the Carolinas and Midwest set new record warm temperatures. Partially offsetting weather was favorable O&M largely due to lower storm restoration costs in the quarter compared to last year and our ongoing cost management efforts across the business. Our target for 2017 reflected the reduction of non-recoverable O&M cost from 2016 levels and we're well on our way to achieving that goal for the year. In a moment, I will discuss additional cost efficiencies we're implementing to offset the warm winter weather in early 2017. Results were also favorably impacted by higher revenues from energy efficiency riders in the Carolinas and grid investment riders in Ohio and Indiana. Additionally, we had new rates effective in Duke Energy Progress South Carolina and base rate adjustments in Florida. Retail volumes were also higher in the quarter. I'll speak to those results in greater detail in just a moment. Gas Utilities and Infrastructure results were primarily driven by the contribution from Piedmont Natural Gas. For the quarter, Piedmont delivered $0.14 of earnings, excluding financing cost and share dilution. Despite the warm weather, Piedmont's quarterly results were consistent with their plan. Piedmont's LDC business benefited from existing weather normalization mechanisms in South Carolina and Tennessee and margin decoupling in North Carolina. These mechanisms help reduce volatility associated with volumetric change due to weather. In the quarter, our average customer growth for our gas utilities was 1.2%, consistent with our expectations. This was underpinned by a strong customer growth of 1.5% in the Carolinas and Tennessee. Looking ahead, it is important to note that LDCs traditionally earn the majority of their profits in the colder months of the year and very little during the remaining months. Piedmont achieved nearly half of their full year plan in the first quarter and we expect the LDC to deliver the bulk of the remainder in the fourth quarter of this year. Moving on, our Commercial Renewables segment was flat for the quarter. Increased production from new projects brought online in 2016 was offset by lower solar ITCs in the current year. Other was down $0.01 for the quarter. This was driven by higher interest expense at the holding company which was partially offset by increased contributions from our equity investment in National Methanol Company. Finally, recall that we completed the sale of our Latin American generation business in the fourth quarter of 2016, removing $0.17 of earnings from the quarter before consideration of the use of sale proceeds. Cost management continues to be a strong focus for Duke Energy. Our continuous improvement efforts including the use of lean techniques to streamline our business processes and risk management assessments to eliminate low-value work from our operations align our cost structure to the evolving needs of our business. When we experience weaker weather such as that in early 2017, we will look for flexibility in our cost management practices. As Lynn mentioned, we already have additional cost control plans in place and we'll mitigate approximately $100 million of the weather impact in the first quarter. Some of the opportunities we have identified will be sustainable cost reductions providing benefits for both our customers and shareholders for years to come. Given our size and scale, we can execute these efficiency efforts and we're confident in our ability to finish within the targeted range of $4.50 to $4.70 per share. Moving to slide 11. Let's review our retail customer volume trends. On a rolling 12-month basis, weather normalized retail load growth was 0.2%. This was largely driven by lower than expected 2016 results in the industrial sector and the loss of leap day in the first quarter of 2016. However, first quarter 2017 results were strong. We achieved growth of 0.1% even with the loss of the leap day in the prior year. Taking that into consideration, sales volumes in the first quarter were up over 1%. One quarter is certainly not a trend, but it is encouraging and aligns with our long-term expectations for approximately 0.005% load growth over our five-year planning horizon. The residential sector grew 0.5% on a rolling 12-month basis driven by strong new customer growth of 1.4% particularly in the Carolinas and Florida. As we've experienced over the past few years, utility-sponsored energy efficiency programs, for which we're compensated, and more energy-efficient building codes and standards continued to partially offset this customer growth. Current trends and new job and wage growth as well as recovery in the housing market are positive signs for continued residential growth. In fact, we've been closely monitoring the recent shift away from starts of multi-family homes to single family homes. New permit applications for single family housing starts are up over 10% across all of our service territories. Commercial sales have improved by 0.5% across our jurisdictions over the past quarter and is up 0.6% over the rolling 12 months. Non-manufacturing employment continues to strengthen and office vacancies continue to decline across many of our service territories. In addition, we're seeing positive trends related to leisure activities including entertainment and restaurants. Turning to the industrial sector. Though the class is down 0.6% on a rolling 12-month basis, industrial performance in the quarter was strong with 0.8% growth. Industries that support construction and housing continue to do well. This strength is partially offset by industries that are more dependent on global trade given that the U.S. dollar remains strong. However, we're cautiously optimistic about the continued recovery of global economies as well as the resurgence of business investment. We will continue to closely monitor economic conditions and our customer usage patterns and update you throughout the remainder of the year. Before closing, I want to highlight key regulatory activities underway in a few of our jurisdictions as highlighted on slide 12. In Florida, we have completed filings for the Osprey gas-fired plant that we acquired in January and our completed Hines Chiller upgrade project. Both of these filings were made under the generation base rate adjusted mechanism and were approved with new rates effective in February and April, respectively. In Indiana, we completed our second semi-annual filing under the TDSIC rider for the next installment of costs covering the period July through December 2016. TDSIC-1 was filed last October and approved in March with rates effective April 2017. On May 2, we filed our 30-day advanced notice with the North Carolina Utility Commission for our upcoming DEP rate case. We anticipate filing the notice for the rate case at DEC later this summer. New rates associated with these cases are likely to be effective in the first half of 2018. I'll close with slide 13. Duke Energy has tremendous scale, offering an attractive investor value proposition which includes balanced growth and earnings and reliable dividends over time. The assets we have coupled with the strategy that produces real results offer a solid long-term investment opportunity. We're positioned to deliver growth and earnings and dividends in a low-risk, predictable, and transparent way, providing an attractive risk-adjusted shareholder return for our investors. As a capital-intensive business, our growth is supported by the scale and strength of our balance sheet which remains a continued focus for our company. In short, our attractive yield and demonstrated ability to reliably grow our regulated businesses positions Duke Energy as the leading infrastructure investment. With that, let's open the lines for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll pause for a moment to allow everyone an opportunity to signal for questions. And we'll take our first question from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning, Jonathan.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I have a question about the Carolinas grid plan, the $13 billion. Is the $4.9 billion of undergrounding reasonable for the proxy for the proportion to hold the $25 billion broader plan that would be from undergrounding or is that sort of more specific to this piece of it?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Jonathan, if you're referring to slide eight...
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. I think so.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Yeah. That's the Carolina view.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. So if we look at the $25 billion, would the $4.9 billion sort of scale proportionately?
Lee T. Mazzocchi - Duke Energy Corp.: So it would not scale exactly proportionate. This is Lee Mazzocchi with the Grid Solutions group. We found that our heaviest concentration of densely vegetated lands that cause outages are really preponderantly in the Carolinas. We do have investments in Florida and the Midwest but they're not quite to the scale and the magnitude of what we're seeing in the Carolinas in the $25 billion.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. So it's almost 40% of the Carolinas plan, that's what prompted the question.
Lee T. Mazzocchi - Duke Energy Corp.: You would see it less than 40% in the other jurisdictions.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then just conceptually, how are you proposing that that would be socialized? Is it locally to the communities that sort of benefit from it or is that more across the whole system?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Jonathan, we think there is a basis to treat this like any electric plant and service, and treat it as a rate base item. And what we're planning to do or are doing is using data analytics to identify the sections of our service areas that are affected by this, and that then has an implication to lowering our outage and outage costs which we believe all of our customers will benefit from. So it's a long-term investment around the improved reliability of the total system and we believe it brings great customer benefits and, of course, benefits to investors as well.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That makes sense. Great. Thank you. Other than FERC, what else do you need to move forward on ACP, if anything?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: So, Jonathan, there are other permits. Water processing permits, for example, in the states and we are working actively with all of the states to progress those permits on a timeline consistent with the FERC approval. And so we feel like we're on track with the timeline that we've laid out for you.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then if I may. I think last quarter's call, when you sort of hinted that if you execute well on the plan the upper end of the guidance range could be in scope, I think the growth rate is based off the midpoint of the 2017 guidance. Having had this slower start to 2017, is that still something you think you can get to with cost offsets and the like or that's the case now?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Jonathan, we remain on track. I mean, this is three months of a year against a five-year plan. The actions that we've identified for 2017 are really consistent with actions that we've taken when you have variability around weather. And so we've identified about $100 million and we'll continue executing on that on 2017. And then the investments that will ultimately drive growth are something that'll build over time, and we've given you some visibility on what those look like and where they're located and we're executing on all them.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Steve mentioned some of $100 million might flow through would be sustainable, I think was the word he used. Can you be sort of more specific as to what percentage of it?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: At this point I think it's pretty immature to get that granular, Jonathan. So when we go after costs, we're always looking for things that can be sustainable but also recognize just flexibility within the year can be helpful. So it's a combination of both. I don't have any more specifics that I'd share with you at this point.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Well thanks very much.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Julien Dumoulin with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Julien.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Perhaps just to elaborate a little bit on the last question. On the cost offsets here for the first quarter, I think you said about $100 million or so. Does that have any kind of ongoing benefit or is that really kind of a transient phenomenon? I think you suggested the former.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Well I think it will have an ongoing benefit. I think many of these costs are accelerations of the cost efficiency efforts that are underway, so I think many of them will be sustainable. It's hard to define precisely at this point. But I would also discuss and mention last year, in 2016, we came out of the gate with storms and low volumes and we accelerated cost reductions of $100 million. Then when the weather came in the third quarter, we moved some work into 2016. So that type of dexterity can go both ways but, certainly, many of the cost reductions in 2016, and I think many that we're doing in 2017, will be sustainable throughout our five-year plan. It's hard to be granular at this point given the flexibility that we try to exercise.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Right. So just to be clear about this. This is basically fungible with the wider cost reductions you've been contemplating in the five-year program, right?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: That's certainly part of it. Absolutely.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Julien, what I would add to that is I think this point of cost flexibility is what we want to emphasize with this. So we believe we have the scale and the expertise from the work that we've done over a number of years to be flexible with cost management. And every time we go after cost in a given area we're always working to make it sustainable, and in that event it could be incremental to some of the things we've shared with you previously. But I think the expertise that we're developing around cost management is really fundamental to the business, and we had a good track record of executing.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Follow-up question here on coal ash if I can. Really just kind of curious. Are your plans at all changed given the shift in what seems like ELGs and CCRs at the federal level? I imagine not but I just wanted to clarify that.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: At this point, our plans are moving forward, Julien, and you can think about at least the North Carolina business is having an implication not only from CCR but from CAMA, the laws in North Carolina. And so we're on track. We don't have any specific change of plans just to resolve all of these new executive actions.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And lastly, can you give us a little bit of a sense of what kind of size of rate increase that we're talking about as a function of the forthcoming cases in North Carolina? Do you have a sense yet and how that might net against cost?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Well on the increase, and maybe get to that second one in a second, Julien. On the increase, we'll share more specifics when we file for the increase which will be in about a month for DEP and then there'll be a notice and then a filing for DEC. So we'll, at that time, be in a position to give you more specifics on the composition of the filing as well as the percentage increase.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. All right. Fair enough. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thanks.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, guys.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Hello.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Good morning. Hey, I was wondering if you could give kind of an update on legislative initiatives within the Carolinas especially as to how they might be interacting with your presenting of this plan on April 12. Is it all integrated into one kind of public push with legislators to get more riders in place going forward?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: So, Mike, we continue to engage with our stakeholders here in the Carolinas about our priorities and, certainly, regulatory modernization that fits the nature of the investments we're planning to make in the delivery system are a part of those discussions, as are renewables and integration of renewables into our system. So it's really early in the legislative session at this point, but there could still be some opportunities in the current session and we'll share milestones when appropriate. And in the backdrop, as you know, of all of these, the rate case filings that will also occur in 2017 in the Carolinas.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Right. I guess with 13,900 jobs projected for 10 years, are you getting support from any specific groups enough for that kind of program or...?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Mike, I think there's a lot of interest in infrastructure investment and job creation. I think that's in the Carolinas as well as around the U.S. And this represents really important infrastructure and gives North Carolina an opportunity to lead the way on infrastructure investment. And I think job creation particularly in the eastern part of the state that has been hampered economically is very attractive. So we believe this plan is a win-win for customers, for investors, and for communities.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. And just one last question. Is there any change to load growth guidance at all for electric load growth or even on the gas side?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: No. Our growth assumptions, I think, for our five-year planning horizon of 0.005%, I think those are still the viable and right place to be at this point in time.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Switching gears. You've made significant proposals in the state of North Carolina with regard to how PURPA is being used by solar developers to get contracts for large utility-scale solar. I'm not sure whether the commission has actually made a decision on the things that you've requested be changed in the way that you're forced to sign these types of PURPA contracts. Can you review for people because I think this is a little under the radar for some? What has been going on with regard to PURPA as it relates to solar in North Carolina, what you're asking for to be changed, and where will we stand in that process?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Sure. So, Greg, there are couple of things going on. In the regulatory arena, we made an avoided cost filing which addresses the price, the term, the size of these facilities, and that went to hearing in mid-April. There is, of course, the position of the other parties and the public staff in North Carolina has testimonies that I think would be helpful for investors to take a look at. And really what's being proposed is an opportunity to move this development of renewables and solar in the state into a more sustainable model. So in addition to size and price that we're pursuing on the regulated front, we're also having discussions in the general assembly about the development of a competitive process on an annual basis with a determined size that would give solar developers and also the utility an opportunity to plan. We also think a competitive process would impact price to customers and believe that better planning and better pricing would create a more sustainable market. And so there are two things to track here, not only the regulatory proceedings, avoided cost, went to hearing in April – that's moving through as procedural process – but also continued discussions in the legislature about sustainable solar development in the state of North Carolina.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: The bottom line is that – and this is me summarizing it, not you -the solar developers have been using PURPA as an opportunity to get above market contracts and you're looking for a process that's more transparent so you can be more comfortable, that you're not burdening your customers with solar contracts that are not economic relative to market. Is that fair?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Greg, I think that's fair. We've done some calculations of the prices implied in these contracts, and we believe it's costing customers about $1 billion more than a market price would cost them over a 12-year period. And this notion of better planning and better pricing, we believe, can create more certainty not only for the solar industry but better pricing for customers, and I think that's important as this market continues to develop.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Michael.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Hey, Mike.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Real quickly. On the capital budget for the next few years, you've made a few announcements in just the last few months, even one or two since you reported fourth quarter of 2016. Just curious, any significant changes to the capital budget over the next few years? And if so, which jurisdictions?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: No significant changes, Michael, over the next five years. Some of the timing may be a bit different. But we've got a capital plan, $45 billion to $50 billion over the five years, and that's where it's going to be at at this point.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And then just curious, Lynn. How are you thinking about the opportunities at the renewable business, and how the growth over the next couple of years will look relative to the substantial number of megawatts you added over the last two to three years?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Michael, when we put forward our plans in February there's a shift in the renewable investment more toward regulated investment than commercial, and we think that just makes good sense for not only investors but customers in our jurisdictions. So we have about $2.5 billion in the five-year plan; about $1.5 billion sits in the jurisdictions and $1 billion in commercial. And so I think we've shared with you that we're looking at that commercial investment very closely. Returns are tight, the tax position is uncertain for us at least over the next couple of years, and we'll continue to make the right decisions about deploying capital in that commercial business as we see returns that fit our expectations.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And are there opportunities with that renewable business regarding either, potentially, to add more via less on the development side and more via on the acquisition of whole portfolios? Or on the flip side, is your portfolio potentially more valuable and have you assessed that in the hands of, maybe, other parties?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Well, Michael, we continue to look at what we own, its value and contribution as well as what it might command on the outside. So those are ongoing assessments that we do. We feel like we have a really strong portfolio of 3,000 megawatts wind and solar, backed by a long-term contract. And so those are assessments that are ongoing but nothing specific to share with you today on a strategic analysis or initiative that we're considering.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you. Much appreciated.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Praful Mehta with Citi.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks so much. Hi, guys.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. So firstly on the holding company debt. You continue to have a target of about 35% holdco debt to total debt for 2017. I just wanted to understand. Given tax reform expected to come at least, is there any view that you want to, over time, reduce that number or how are you looking at that? And if there is any goal to reduce it, what levers or tools do you have to bring down that holding company debt over time?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Well, Praful, when you look at our five-year plan, you do see over the five years the holding company debt level does decrease. Our credit metrics improve over the five-year plan. We're still issuing holding company debt because we're growing over that five-year period but the ratio to total debt does decline. So that's part of our five-year plan that we've baked in under current tax laws. Now regarding tax reform, it's hard to say where that's going. Proposals are still in very early stages. It hasn't gotten very far. We'll continue to keep our eye on that and we've been assessing other scenarios and other ways to finance if that were to change significantly. But overall, we feel good about our balance sheet and our ability to deal with the holding company debt.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. Thanks. And then secondly in terms of the cost saving initiatives. It seems like it's almost dry powder that you used to offset any weather impacts. I wanted to understand if that's a fair characterization, and if it is why not do more? As in, why not do more rather than wait for weather and use it as dry powder? I'm just trying to understand how you kind of think about the cost savings.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Praful, I would suggest that we've been very aggressive on cost savings. If you look at the track record of Duke, we've had flat O&M for a number of years and are projecting flat through 2020. We think that's aggressive and we continue to focus on ways we can drive costs out of the business, and that is our job every day. But what we're talking about here is flexibility as a result of weather where we may make some decisions in a short-term basis in order to offset weather. It could be holding a vacancy, it could be working with a contractor differently, things of that sort. But you should take away that we understand the assignment of being very aggressive with our cost structure and we are achieving that with initiatives throughout the company.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. Thank you, guys.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks. First question, Lynn or Steve. Can you remind us? When you talk about the 4% to 6% CAGR in earnings, is that fairly linear? Or given the timing of rate cases and rate increase, there is a lumpiness factored into that as well?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Ali, we shared in February that every year we'll be within the range, that we've developed a plan that puts every year within the range. And so I think that's the way I would respond to that question. And we will have rate cases in 2017 that are important to 2018 and we'll give you more update on those milestones as we go forward.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And then overall, just remind us, perhaps, on an LTM basis as well what's the current regulatory lag in the system and where within your jurisdictions are you seeing the biggest lag right now?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Ali, we had talked about regulatory lag over the past couple of years, and it'll vary depending upon the timing of base rate cases that we'll see. But we see most of our regulatory lag in the Carolinas jurisdiction where you have recovery mechanisms through riders or decouplings, similar to what we see in our gas business at Piedmont, you have less lag. And we're trying to work to minimize lag through various initiatives in our regulatory jurisdictions. Most of the lag, I would say, is in the Carolinas jurisdictions at this point in time. Again, it's hard to put a specific number on it in terms of how much it'll pull down in any given year. Specifically, it'll just depend upon the timing of rate cases.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah. And, Steve, as you look at that five-year CapEx plan and the funding of it, when at the earliest should we be thinking about equity coming back into the picture from a funding perspective?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Our five-year plan contemplates the use of a DRIP starting in 2018 throughout the remainder of the plan, and we estimate that to be in the ballpark of $350 million a year. So that's in our base plan.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: I see, okay. And last question, also remind us. Within the commercial earnings and net income right now, roughly how much of that is recognition of tax credits?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Ali, I would say the majority of the tax credits. If you think about it, it's primarily a renewables business. PTCs are the lion's share of it because our portfolio is primarily wind.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: So PTCs more than ITCs?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Yes.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Yes. That's correct.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Andy Levi with Avon Capital Advisors.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: Wow. I got a question.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hello, Andy.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Hello, Andy.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: How are you guys doing.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: We're good. How are you?
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: I'm doing all right. It's kind of cold here, though. What can we do.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: It's warm out here.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: Still kind of spring winter. Hey, just a couple of very, very quick questions. On the cost savings that you did this quarter, is there like a breakdown? I don't expect you to have it specifically, but is the majority in a certain jurisdiction or is it kind of across the board?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: The delta on the O&M this quarter, Andy, I would think about as being across the board. But the one thing you should note, that first quarter of 2016 had a lot of storm restoration in it. That was primarily Carolinas, so the delta over the quarter is being influenced by that. The $100 million as we go forward over the balance of the year, you can think about that as being across the company.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: Okay. But the $100 million is exclusive to the storm restoration change? Is that correct or not?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: That's not correct. So two things I would point to. If you look at our actual versus actual announcements for the first quarter, O&M is the positive driver. And that positive driver is primarily the result of the fact that 2016 had storms in it and 2017 doesn't.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: Okay. Because I guess what I was trying to figure out was not all of the – and I think Julien had asked the question, too, but I think you forgot to answer the last part of it. As you think about the rate cases you're going to file in the Carolinas, I guess in this case for the quarter and depending on when the test year is, obviously you've had a lot of cost savings. So to the benefit of the customers, those cost savings will be passed on and that'll lessen the blow of any type of rate increase. But I guess also even this $100 million or the cost that you achieved in the first quarter, that actually is offset by the storm restoration that you did. Did you collect the storm restoration or you didn't? Do you understand what I'm getting at? I'm just trying to figure out – again, I know we have to wait for your rate case to be filed – but I would assume there's some good cost to offset the increase. Is that correct?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Yeah. Let me try to...
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: And how should we think about that?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Yeah. Let me perhaps give some clarity on a few things. We'll file for these rate cases with a 2016 test year and then there are other things you make to that. And you try to look at sometimes normalized cost levels within that, looking at storms and so forth. So I don't think you can draw a definitive conclusion about a cost level in a particular period of time and what it might mean. I would say the ongoing cost efforts that we have to reduce costs, they offset salary increases, inflation, and so forth. So if you recall, in February we talked about our goal is to keep our non-fuel O&M flat through 2020 and we think we can do that and, in fact, reduce it a bit here in 2017. So I'd look at costs more holistically in that way, that we're keeping them flat and maybe slightly reducing them as well, offsetting a lot of the inflationary and salary increase impacts.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: And Andy, on the storms, you may remember we filed a deferral request. It's not Hurricane Matthew and Jonas and Hermine. I mean, there were a number of storms impacting. And that deferral request will be a part of this rate case in the Carolinas.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: Got it. That's very helpful. And then my last question is just kind of basic for both of you and just how you're thinking, and I understand what you're saying about equity going forward. But with your stock price doing very well at $0.82, $0.87 at the moment, down $0.05 just to give you a report.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: And then you look at, like, PPO kind of decided to fix their balance sheet a little bit because their stock price has been doing well. I guess it's one of the reasons. There are other reasons, too. And the stock actually is up 13.5% this year even though they decided to issue incremental equity. And so I guess what I'm trying to get at is because if I kind of ran the numbers and doing a mid-sized equity offering now would actually help you on your credit metrics – and I'm talking about more of the balance sheet, not your FFO and the debt, obviously – and it would be kind of a one-day type event. Why not kind of go now and try to kind of take down some of that parent debt and issue some equity since, obviously, you have a lot of CapEx? I mean, you understand what I'm getting at. I'm not going to just keep going, but just kind of what's the big thinking of that, with the stock prices so high?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Yeah. Steve may have something to share on this as well, but we are very comfortable with our balance sheet. We believe the portfolio transition and the businesses that we own are very low risk. We have an improving profile in our balance sheet as a result of the strength of this plan. We believe the DRIP is an effective way to issue equity that matches the deployment of capital over time. So we always evaluate financing techniques but believe this is the most appropriate one given where we are.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: Okay. And Steve, do you have anything to say or we're good?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: No. We're good.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Andy, thank you. All right.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: Have a great Mother's Day, Lynn.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you, Andy.
Operator: And that will conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Lynn Good for any additional or closing remarks.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Well thank you, everyone, for joining today and for your interest in investing in Duke Energy. We look forward to seeing many of you over the next several months, and we'll continue to keep you updated on our key milestones. Thanks again for joining.
Operator: And that does concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-16 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Callahan - Duke Energy Corp. Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp. Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.
Analysts: Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Brian Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Duke Energy's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. And now, for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Callahan. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Callahan - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you, Catherine. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Duke Energy's fourth quarter 2016 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chairman, President and CEO, along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Lynn will cover the key milestones we reached in 2016 as we completed our portfolio of transition. She will also provide an update on our strategy and growth initiatives, and insight on her vision for the company over the next 10 years. Steve will then provide an overview of 2016 financial results, insight into our 2017 earnings guidance, and visibility into our expectations for future earnings growth. Today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide 2 presents the Safe Harbor statement, which accompanies our presentation materials. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on duke-energy.com and in today's materials. Please note the appendix for today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures. With that, I'll turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced adjusted earnings per share of $4.69, closing out a very successful 2016. We delivered strong operational and financial results, ending the year at the high end of our guidance range. We completed our multiyear transition of our business portfolio, with the well executed exit from our International operations and the acquisition of Piedmont Natural Gas. Through it all, we maintained strong earnings growth in our core businesses and continued to increase our dividend. 2016 was clearly a pivotal year for Duke Energy and it's a key indicator of the success we expect going forward. As you see on slide 4, today Duke Energy enters 2017 with premier electric and natural gas franchises operating in constructive jurisdictions and with a demonstrated track record of strong execution. With our scale and portfolio of complementary businesses, we benefit from a wide range of investment opportunities. And as you will hear today, we're excited about our five-year $37 billion growth capital plan, up approximately 25% from last year. We have strong growth in every segment underpinned by capital, delivering value to our customers. Today, we extended our consolidated growth rate of 4% to 6% through 2021, which is off of the midpoint of our 2017 adjusted EPS guidance range of $4.50 to $4.70. Our capital plan and regulatory strategy has been designed to produce earnings within this range each year of the five-year plan. And as the investments build and recovery accumulates, we're even more confident of our ability to reach the high end of the growth range. The assets we have, coupled with the strategy that produces real results, offer a solid long-term investment opportunity. We are positioned to deliver growth in earnings and dividends in a low risk, predictable and transparent way, providing an attractive risk-adjusted shareholder return for our investors. As a capital-intensive business, our growth is supported by the scale and strength of our balance sheet, which remains the continued focus for our company. In short, our attractive yield and demonstrated ability to reliably grow our regulated businesses positions Duke Energy as the leading infrastructure investment. We have a great story to share today. And in a moment, Steve will provide details on our five-year capital plan. I want to spend the next few minutes offering insight into our long-term vision for Duke Energy and where we plan to take our company in the next decade. Our industry is undergoing transformation, from increasing customer and stakeholder expectations to rapid technology development and new public policy requirements. The companies that succeed in this dynamic environment are those who anticipate and adapt. We see great opportunity in this period of transformation. And our focus is highlighted on slide 6, investing in infrastructure, our customers value and delivering sustainable growth for our investors. Slide 7 shows how that vision is manifested. We will invest at areas that position us well for this transformation; strengthening and modernizing our energy grid, generating cleaner energy through natural gas and renewables, and building natural gas infrastructure to support the growing need for this important resource, and by building on a foundation of customer satisfaction and stakeholder engagement. Everything we do begins with customer service, and we also understand that working collaboratively with our stakeholders is critical to our success. To paint a clearer picture of where we're going, we pulled back the lens and outlined on slide 8 our aspirations for the next 10 years. We will relentlessly pursue our goal of achieving and sustaining top quartile customer satisfaction, placing the customer at the center of everything we do. We will strengthen our energy delivery system, investing $25 billion to create a more modern, smarter energy grid. We will generate cleaner energy through natural gas and renewables, investing $11 billion as we move to a lower-carbon future. We will expand our natural gas infrastructure to meet customers' needs, doubling earnings contribution of our natural gas business. And we will enable more timely recovery of revenues in all of our jurisdictions, as we work to improve regulatory cost recovery mechanisms. Of course, any success we achieve is grounded in our commitment to maintaining industry-leading safety standards and operational excellence remains as the foundation of all we do. Our success starts here. Today, Duke Energy leads the industry in employee safety, and we will continue that leadership in the years ahead. This is our path. It's ambitious and it's achievable. Let me spend a few minutes on each investment area. First, turning to slide 9, I will discuss grid modernization and our objective to improve system performance and enable additional capabilities through smarter energy infrastructure. Our transmission and distribution network is the largest in the nation, and on its own, our Carolinas system is the sixth largest. Our scale requires consistent capital investment. But in this era of transformation, the demands on our system have never been greater. And while the system is reliable, recent events such as Hurricane Matthew have highlighted opportunities to strengthen the grid. We have outlined a 10-year $25 billion plan to modernize, building a more flexible, reliable system. We have already begun this important work in the Midwest, with plans to expand it into our other jurisdictions. We're using data analytics to inform our investment plans, delivering the highest value to our customers. This work will direct our targeted undergrounding programs, as well as a number of other reliability and integrity upgrades. Additionally, new technologies available today will advance our energy grid and deliver services our customers and communities increasingly expect. Our initial investment will focus on enhancing basic services with smart meters and communications technologies, increasing power quality and improving reliability. These investments will also support more distributed energy resources on our system. Subsequent capital spending will integrate emerging technologies, such as storage and improved remote monitoring, communications and control. We expect to reduce our outage frequency and duration rates by 50%, and significantly reduce our O&M expenses through the deployment of more advanced technology. Much of this work will also support our goal of moving the company into the top quartile for customer satisfaction. Our next major investment platform focuses on generating cleaner energy. I'm proud of our efforts to reduce our environmental footprint, including reducing our carbon dioxide emissions by 29% since 2005. As you can see on slide 10, our retirement of more than 40 older, less efficient coal units, coupled with the addition of clean natural gas plants and renewable, is driving our emissions reduction. In the next 10 years, we will invest $11 billion, increasing new, highly-efficient natural gas generation to 35% of our portfolio, and cleaner renewable energy sources to approximately 10%. These renewable energy sources include hydro, wind and solar. With these investments and our carbon-free nuclear generation, by 2026, we will reduce carbon emissions by 35% from our 2005 levels. In addition to regulated renewables, we will also invest in commercial renewable assets, as we continue to pursue projects that meet our return criteria. Reducing our carbon footprint is important to many in our communities. We remain focused on being a leader with environmental stewardship at the forefront of our plans. Moving to slide 11, our third area of investment focus is natural gas infrastructure. We look at the future of this industry and the future generation needs of our company, natural gas will continue to play a major role. With the acquisition of Piedmont, we now operate a five-state gas distribution business and have investments in midstream natural gas pipelines. We rank second nationally for natural gas consumption across our electric utilities and LDCs. This underscores how these business will continue to complement one another. With more than 90% of our margins in the LDC business mostly fixed through decoupling and weather normalization mechanisms and our low-risk natural gas pipeline investment portfolio, we have very little exposure to volumetric risk in this business. Similar to our electric businesses, our LDCs, which serve more than 1.5 million customers, are located in states with strong customer growth of over 1% over the last five years, including customer growth of 1.5% at Piedmont. Our growing midstream business is anchored by our investments in highly contracted pipelines such as Atlantic Coast, Sabal Trail, and Constitution. This infrastructure will bring much needed gas supplies to the Eastern U.S. for an economic growth and helping us grow our customer base in the Southeast. Atlantic Coast Pipeline is a prime example of the tremendous overlap between our electric utilities, LDCs, and midstream pipeline investments, driven by transportation contracts with our natural-gas-fired plant and Piedmont. ACP will provide opportunities for industrial and manufacturing growth and infrastructure investment in our Eastern Carolinas communities. This growth, as well as combined heat and power, coal-to-gas conversions and dual-fuel projects will boost our gas business. We look forward to benefiting from coordinated infrastructure planning between our electric and gas utilities as we prepare for new gas-fired generation facilities that will maximize this new gas platform. We also anticipate continued economic development opportunities across the region as a result. In the next 10 years, we expect our natural gas platform to account for 15% of our portfolio, up from 8% today, as we expand and scale our natural gas business. Before turning to Steve, let me turn to slide 12 and touch on a few policy issues that are top of mind for investors. We are engaged with Congress and the new administration as they begin to address important policy issues impacting our company and customers. The President and congressional leaders have an ambitious agenda that includes a few particular areas of focus for us, including tax reform and infrastructure policy. While it's early in the process and much work remains ahead, Duke Energy supports many of the goals of comprehensive tax reform, which could benefit our customers and support critical investments needed for economic growth. No specific legislation has been introduced, so we are working with the administration's campaign tax plan and the House GOP blueprint. We've analyzed a number of scenarios to evaluate a range of potential impact to our business. Our preliminary analysis shows that the administration's tax plans, which would allow the option to retain interest deductibility and forego immediate expensing of capital, is neutral to slightly accretive for our company on a consolidated basis. On the House GOP plan, the range of potential outcomes will be impacted by a number of factors, including the treatment of existing debt and other transition rules. The loss of interest deductibility and immediate expensing of capital will impact our utility rate base over the long term. But given our NOL position, it's not expected to have a material impact over the next five years. It's important to recognize, however, that loss of interest deductibility will permanently impact the cost of capital to our customers, whereas expensing is a timing difference. The most significant impact from the House GOP plan is on our holding company. If we assume the loss of interest deductibility on new and refinanced holding company debt and a lower tax shied on existing debt, the impact could be approximately 5% dilutive by 2021. We all recognize that we're in the very early stages of this matter, and we will continue to update our analysis as more specific information becomes available. We'll also actively engage in advocacy on tax reform, along with EEI and other industry CEOs. Given the capital intensity of our industry and the relatively high leverage percentage supported by regulations, we believe better tax policy should retain interest deductibility and forego immediate expensing of capital expenditures. This approach is recognized in the administration's plan, and we will continue to meet key stakeholders to advocate for our position on behalf of our customers and investors. Turning to infrastructure, the regulated electric industry invests more than $100 billion annually in critical infrastructure, and Duke Energy accounts for nearly 10% of that figure, a welcome effort to streamline the siting and permitting of infrastructure project, such as grid investments and natural gas pipeline necessary to meet the long-term needs of our customers and communities. These topics are complex and will take time. We will be actively engaged with congressional leaders and administration officials to advocate on behalf of our customers and investors, emphasizing the critical role of low-cost energy in driving America's economy. So that's a brief overview of our longer-term strategy, now, let me turn it over to Steve to walk through our five-year financial plan.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thanks, Lynn. As mentioned, I am going to spend the majority of my time walking you through our five-year financial plan. Turning to slide 13, we are introducing our adjusted EPS guidance range of $4.50 to $4.70 per share today. In addition, now that we have successfully closed on the Piedmont and International transactions, we will anchor our long-term growth rate off of the midpoint of our 2017 guidance range of $4.60. Over the next five years, we anticipate growing our adjusted EPS by 4% to 6%, consistent with the historic growth rate we have achieved in our domestic businesses. In 2017, our results will be driven by our ongoing investments in electric and gas infrastructure and retail and wholesale customer growth. Positive results in the electric business will also be driven by our base rate increases in Duke Energy Progress South Carolina, and the generation base rate adjustment mechanism in Florida. These positive drivers will be partially offset by higher depreciation, interest expense and other taxes, as we continue to place new assets in service. Given that we have completed the International sale in December, we will not have results from that business in 2017. That will have an approximate $0.05 benefit from the use of proceeds from that sale, and another $0.05 contribution from National Methanol, which we retained and is now reported in Other. Moving to slide 14, we have a robust five-year capital plan of nearly $50 billion in place to drive our 4% to 6% earnings growth. In fact, we have increased our growth capital plan to $37 billion, an increase of $7 billion, largely driven by grid modernization investments in the Carolinas and our growing gas platform. This investment plan will drive earnings base growth in our combined electric and gas businesses of approximately 6% over the next five years. As we look at each of our segments' contributions, electric utilities and infrastructure, representing 89% of our adjusted earnings, is well-positioned to grow at 4% to 5% over the next five years. Our gas utilities and infrastructure business will contribute approximately 8% to our 2017 results, with a five-years growth rate of 10% to 12%. And our Commercial Renewables segment, which includes owned wind and solar assets, as well as our operating services and third-party contracts, will contribute approximately 3% with a five-year growth rate of 8% to 12%. We are confident these businesses will generate stable earnings and cash flows delivering solid results in 2017 and beyond. Turning to slide 15, growth in our electric business will be supported by our five-year $30 billion growth capital plan, the investments align with our strategy to modernize the energy grid and to generate cleaner energy. Our plan also reflects environmental compliance cost of over $4 billion, including approximately $3 billion to safely close ash basins across our system. These significant investments drive a strong earnings-based CAGR of over 5.5% for our electric business through 2021. Now, let me walk you through additional details of our five-year plan for our electric business. On slide 16, you will see our focus on upgrading our transmission and distribution system. We have allocated nearly 60% of our $30 billion plan to transmission and distribution, which includes $10 billion for modernizing our grid infrastructure to make the system smarter and more reliable. The other $7 billion will be devoted to investing in our system for additional customer growth. Nearly 45% of the capital we invest in the grid will be devoted to storm hardening to ensure our system is better prepared for severe weather events. We will focus on key projects, such as elevating substations located in vulnerable or low-lying areas, and making our power poles more resilient. We are also identifying areas more susceptible to frequent power outages using data analytics capabilities. This information will be used as we develop our targeted undergrounding programs where we have allocated 25% of our grid investment to increase the reliability of our system for our customers. Another part of the program will include installing smart meters to provide better information and services for our customers, as well as additional cost efficiency. To-date, we have completed this effort in Ohio, and we'll be moving forward with smart meter installations in our other jurisdictions. We expect to fully deploy all smart meters across our system over the next five years. This accelerated deployment will allow us to offer additional products and services and help to reduce our overall O&M cost given that the advanced technology will avoid the need for many manual processes. Moving to slide 17, we are committed to further reducing our environmental footprint, with plans for new natural gas generation and renewables. Our five-year plan includes investment of $3.3 billion in highly-efficient natural gas-fired combined-cycle plants. This will include completing our Lee combined-cycle facility in South Carolina, our Western Carolinas Modernization Project in North Carolina, and our Citrus County plant in Florida, and beginning work on plants within service states beyond 2021. We are pursuing additional generation projects, such as dual-fuel capabilities and combined heat and power facilities to increase the flexibility of our system, as we continue to meet growing energy demands in the dynamic environment. We will also increase our focus on additional renewables in our regulated utilities. Our $1.3 billion investment plan for carbon-free utility-owned renewables will be led by investments in Florida and the Carolinas. Moving on to slide 18, we operate in attractive service areas where customer growth remains strong, especially in the Southeast, and continues to support load growth in our electric business. That, coupled with cost management, has allowed us to earn our ROEs even without significant rate cases since 2013. We are committed to earning these ROEs and generating stable earnings growth for our shareholders while we invest in infrastructure our customers value. In 2016, weather-normalized retail load growth was 0.2%. This was largely driven by lower-than-expected results in the industrial sector. One of our large Duke Energy Carolinas customers in the metals industry is reorganizing and plans to begin returning to full operations in 2018. And some other industrial customers saw similar pullbacks from operations, would expect to ramp up as we go forward. Looking ahead, we continue to expect approximately 0.5% load growth in our long-term planning assumptions. Several factors give us confidence that this assumption remains true. We are experiencing consistently strong customer growth, especially in our Carolinas and Florida regions given a recent uptick in construction in our service areas and greater housing permit applications. We've also seen a recent shift away from starts of multifamily homes to single-family homes. This shift is highlighted by the fact that four major cities within our service territories recently ranked among the top 16 in the country, with a number of single-family building permits filed. Two of these metro areas ranked in the top 5. The decline in the government sector has leveled out a bit, and we are cautiously optimistic about increased business investment in manufacturing, as inventory levels have declined from previously elevated levels. Based on current and expected economic trends, we're also optimistic about potential for the industrial sector to pick up in the next few years. These positive factors will be partially offset by the continued adoption of more efficient building codes and standards and utility-sponsored energy efficiency programs. While these programs do offset some of our customer growth, they also contribute to earnings through our approved energy efficiency riders. Overall, we believe all of these factors will allow us to achieve 0.5% load growth during our planning horizon. Regarding cost control, we have held O&M flat since 2014, and we'll look to continue that trend going forward, creating headroom and customer bills for important energy and infrastructure investments. 2016, we reduced our O&M costs even with unusually high storm costs compared to the prior year, and after re-planning O&M activities on behalf of our customers to take advantage of the above-normal weather. We committed to reducing our O&M cost in 2016, and we clearly delivered on that commitment. We have outlined our economic growth plan and significant capital investments that we will make over the next five years. Now, let me take a few minutes on slide 19 to discuss our plans for cost recovery, as we balance our growing business and maintaining competitive rates for our customers. We will be very active in the regulatory space over the next five years. As we have done in the past, we will continue to work constructively with key stakeholders to achieve results that benefit our customers and shareholders, while managing our cost to keep bill increases at a moderate level and overall rates below the national average. Investments we have planned will drive economic growth in our desirable service areas and support additional customers and new technologies. As you can see, we will file two base rate cases with the North Carolina Utilities Commission in 2017; one for our Duke Energy Carolinas utility and the other for Duke Energy Progress. Both North Carolina cases are scheduled to be filed in the summer of 2017, anticipating new rates effective in the first half of 2018. These filings will be the first in North Carolina in four years to recover costs associated with our capital investments and more efficient generation such as the Lee combined cycle facility, nuclear projects, and coal ash basin closure activities. Looking beyond 2017, we're making substantial investments in the grid. As we look to accelerate those investments over the next five years, we will be engaged in the regulatory and legislative process to pursue recovery mechanisms such as multi-year rate plans and trackers which are better suited to grid infrastructure. As these regulatory modernization initiatives move forward, we will also evaluate more frequent base rate cases in the interim to ensure timely recovery and more moderate rate impacts to our customers. Updated constructs would avoid the need for filing numerous larger rate cases and level out the rate impact to our customers. Turning to Florida, we are also planning additional transmission investment and additional renewable projects, as we look to 2019 and beyond. The regulatory construct in the state of Florida, which includes generation-based rate adjustments, solar-based rate adjustments and multi-year rate plans, is well-suited to our investment plan. We will continue to make significant investments in the transmission and distribution systems in Indiana and Ohio, with timely recovery of the investments through previously approved riders. As we turn to our gas segment on slide 20, we have outlined the five-year $6 billion growth capital plan to expand our national gas infrastructure and further develop this platform. Our plans are split evenly between investments in our LDCs and our midstream gas pipelines. This business will grow rapidly, driven by an earnings-based CAGR of 11% over the next five years as part of our larger 10-year plan to grow this business to 15% of earnings. Growth in this segment will come from strong organic growth opportunities in our LDCs and midstream investments. We expect to deploy approximately $3 billion in our gas LDC systems, with Piedmont accounting for more than two-thirds of our LDC earnings base, and the Midwest accounting for the remaining third. Our LDCs will continue to invest in infrastructure for our growing customer base, as well as integrity management programs that maintain the safety of our system. These integrity investments are recovered efficiently through well-established riders in several of our jurisdictions. Moving to our midstream investments, we plan to invest an additional $3 billion in our pipelines during the five-year period, much of which will contribute to the completion of ACP. This project is now anticipated to cost between $5 billion and $5.5 billion, and is still expected to meet the second-half 2019 in-service date. We look forward to growing this platform as we expand our natural gas infrastructure and leverage the expertise of our Piedmont team. Turning to slide 21, I have already mentioned our $1.3 billion investment in regulated renewables. In addition, we will also invest $1 billion in commercial renewable assets. This expands upon the more than $5 billion we have already invested in our contracted commercial renewables business since 2007, focusing on entering long-term power purchase agreements with creditworthy counterparties. Our Commercial Renewables business continue to expand its wind and solar portfolio, ending the year with nearly 3,000 megawatts in 14 states. These commercial investments, plus our growing regulated renewables footprint, have positioned us as a top 5 renewables company in the country, and our plan will continue to advance that position. And we do not currently pay significant cash taxes. Due to our corporate net operating loss tax position, we will continue our disciplined approach to capital deployment in our commercial business, focusing on projects that meet our return criteria. Given the more attractive tax credit profile from the Production Tax Credit or PTC, we will explore wind projects more aggressively than solar in this segment. In 2016, we invested in approximately 1,000 megawatts of new wind projects that qualify for the 10-year PTC under Safe Harbor rules. This gives us flexibility to bid on RFPs over the next several years. Historically, we have not employed tax equity to finance our renewables projects. Given that we have had more efficient and less costly options, we are always seeking the most cost-effective means to develop and finance these projects, and we'll continue to evaluate other capital sources including tax equity structures when appropriate. Strong balance sheet and credit quality are foundational to our overall financial objectives. Slide 22 shows our high level 2017 cash flows and financing plan. With our portfolio transition complete, we have a better risk profile with more predictable and stable earnings and cash flows. We are supporting the balance sheet with $350 million of DRIP equity per year from 2018 to 2021, which will advance our efforts to fund the increasing level of growth investments in our business. We expect the frequent rate case activity and equity through our internal plans to strengthen our financial metrics over the five-year plan. I would also like to highlight S&P's recent affirmation of our ratings and revision of our outlook from negative to stable. This action reflects the strength of our balance sheet and confidence the rating agency has in our ability to execute on our commitments. Before I turn it back over to Lynn for closing remarks, let me turn to slide 23. We understand the value of the dividend to our shareholders and are committed to growing the dividend responsibly. We have paid a dividend for 91 consecutive years, demonstrating the steadfast commitment to our shareholders. Moving forward, we expect to maintain our annual dividend growth rate at approximately 4% to 6% through 2021, as we target a payout ratio in the 70% to 75% range. With that, I will turn it back over to Lynn.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Steve, thanks, and thanks to all of you who've joined the call today. We are excited about the future and remain confident in our ability to deliver strong growth and financial results. We have an ambitious and achievable strategy focused on investing in the grid, cleaner generation and natural gas infrastructure, all while modernizing our cost recovery mechanisms and providing customers with the service they value. As this slide shows, we bring many advantages to this conversation, including scale, constructive jurisdictions, a track record of execution and importantly, we are unencumbered by the challenges that we have successfully put behind us. In conclusion, our vision for where we want to take Duke Energy is clear and compelling. Our strategy to achieve the vision is well underway. We have the right plan and are working to plan. It is producing results and we entered 2017 with confidence. We're well-positioned to deliver value for customers and steady growth, strong yields and an attractive risk-adjusted total shareholder return for our investors. That is a compelling investor proposition, representing a solid, long-term holding for our shareholders. Foundational to this proposition is the strength of our dividend and with an adjusted earnings growth plan of 4% to 6%, we feel confident in our ability to continue to grow the dividend. Over the long term, the combination of these factors has the potential to generate 8% to 10% total shareholder return to our investors. Now, let's open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Jonathan Arnold, Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hello. Good morning, guys.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning, Jonathan.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you for all the details and the update. It's very helpful. I just have a question on the financing and the split between HoldCo and utility and project financing this year. It looks like it's a little over 40% HoldCo. Is that on a net basis? Is that something we should anticipate going forward? Do you stick with that structure, or is HoldCo a little up above where the trend will be?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: I don't know that it's necessarily going to be a trend. It'll be related to timing of maturities and other investments. So I don't think that there's any trend in that, Jonathan.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Yeah, Jonathan, our target, as we've laid out on the credit metrics slide, is to have low-30% overall HoldCo debt to total. So that's the long-term trend you should be thinking about.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So I guess that was the thrust of my question that it seems in 2017, you obviously – you'll be moving away from the target, and then it only comes down a little bit by 2021. So, how should we think about the 34% is – within – do you consider that to be in the target range or is it more sort of backend of the decade that you can – you get further back down towards it?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Well, as Lynn said, our target is in the low-30%s, and we're a bit above that as we work through this transition of our portfolio. But we'll be looking to move the HoldCo debt into our target range. And we're making progress to our five-year plan. And we'll continue to strive to get it to that point.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. And then if I may just on tax, what gives you confidence that the sort of downside scenario under the House GOP is that interest deduction would only apply on new debt?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Jonathan, this is a fluid situation, as you know. And we've looked at a variety of scenarios. We thought presenting the new HoldCo debt would give you a sense of where the exposure is. We recognize we do have downside exposure under the GOP plan. As this continues to develop and legislation is introduced and we learn more specifics, of course, we'll update that. But we thought it was a reasonable planning assumption to share with you at this point based on our understanding of how things are developing.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. But if we wanted to think about what the implications of losing it on the embedded – the existing debt, I would take the $557 million of HoldCo 2017 interest plus the $87 million in commercial renewables and eliminate the 20% assumed tax shield....
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: ...I'll give you a – yeah, I'll give you a quick one. It's closer to 7%.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. All right. So, I'll let someone else go. Thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thanks so much.
Operator: And we'll go to Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning, Stephen.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thought that was a very thorough and thoughtful update on your strategy and growth outlook. Let me just follow up on Jonathan on tax reform which I imagine is a popular topic. When you look at potential levers, I'm thinking first about the potential loss or the potential immediate expensing of CapEx. You obviously have a lot of growth levers at your disposal. How would you think about potentially changing your spending profile to the extent that, that actually got enacted that you immediately expense CapEx?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Well, if you move in that direction with the immediate expensing of CapEx, one thing I'd say, we're currently in an NOL position throughout the majority of our five-year planning horizon. So, the immediate expensing to CapEx would deepen that NOL position at the backend of our plan. So it's not a significant rate base change for us during the five-year plan. Broadly speaking, I would say, as you heard from our capital planning as a whole, we have a lot of investment opportunities as we rebuild the grid and decarbonize and produce cleaner energy. And those opportunities I think will carry us for quite a while.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. Thank you. And then, just shifting over to solar and energy storage and grid modernization, I think you're pretty clear in your plans. But let's assume that cost for solar continue to fall and storage continue to fall. Later in the decade, is there a potential for accelerating spending there? How do you think about solar and storage for your – I'm really thinking for your regulated territories in terms of the potential for additional spending there?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Yeah, Stephen, I think that is a developing area that we continue to pursue. I think you're aware we have an RFP out now for 400 megawatts in the Carolina, the western part of the state, and we're also in discussions around our avoided cost filing which could provide a pathway for additional solar. We believe there is a wealth of investment opportunities, and putting forward $1.3 billion, we're targeting a substantial investment, but I could see scenarios in which it can go higher. Our objective is to own some amount of the solar in the state of North Carolina and Florida and our other service territories, and we're working to move in that direction.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you. And on storage, Lynn, is there a role for storage any time soon, or is it really just premature given the fairly low penetration of renewable energy in your territories?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: It's modest, Stephen, over the next five years. We do have probably a half a dozen to a dozen sites that are under development where we have batteries in place on our system ranging in size from small residential, all the way up to a 35-megawatt battery paired with a wind farm in West Texas. As we look at this planning horizon, we do have some battery megawatts in our plan, but we see it as being a greater contributor, 2021 to 2025, than we do over the next five years.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. All right. Thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: In your – I think in your early prepared remarks, you mentioned something about potentially being at the high end of the 4% to 6% growth rate over time. Could you just give – I missed the intro of that, could you repeat that and just what would you need to see to kind of be looking more at the high end?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Yeah. So, Steve, what I talked about is, it's really successful execution of this plan which includes ramping up investments such as the grid investment in the Carolinas, coupled with timely recovery gives us greater confidence at the higher end of the range. So we feel like we've got a plan that gives us that potential, and our assignment is to execute it.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And I guess – I mean, one thing might be just getting maybe through resolution of somebody's rate cases to get better visibility on those?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Sure.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: We have rate cases filed this year. I think better visibility might present to you how we have addressed rate cases for historical investments. Steve, I think it's important to recognize that we have a demonstrated track record of successful execution of regulatory outcomes. If you look at what we have accomplished around our jurisdictions, whether it's related in Florida, the new generation, Crystal River and Levy in Indiana, rate cases in the Carolinas, we have confidence that we can find the right balance between customers and investors and putting capital to work in our jurisdictions in a constructive way. So we come at this with a plan that we believe we can execute.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And just – should we assume the earned ROEs that you're kind of assuming in 2017 for the different states, or is that roughly kind of the range for the five-year plan?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: I think that's a reasonable assumption.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then one other question just on the coal ash. In the 2017 guidance, what are you assuming on how that is treated, just to continue deferral at a debt return, on equity return or...
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: So, for GAAP purposes, Steve, there will be – we only record a debt return on...
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: That's correct.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: ...on coal ash.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: It'll be a debt return. We'll continue to defer up until the point of commission order.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: And we will request coal ash recovery in the upcoming cases here in 2017.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. Okay. Thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Good morning. How are you doing?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Just to follow up on Steve's question a little bit, so are you saying that the successful execution of the plan gets you to the higher end or the upper end of the range, and that even if there were some problems, you would still be at the midpoint? Is that a good way of looking at it?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: So, we've put together a plan exactly, Michael, that if we successfully execute, will position us at the higher end of the range.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got you. And in terms of the – can you discuss like the impact of the NOL position on the renewable growth plans? Because I remember it is a little bit slower now, and it sounds like you're going to be more focused on wind going forward. How is that being impacted by the NOL position? And also what's the status of the 500-megawatt plan for Florida solar?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Yes. Regarding our NOL position and how it's impacting our commercial renewables, we've talked about this a bit in the past. We've been in an NOL position for a while, and under current rules, we're projecting to come out of that in 2020. And that affects the timing of the ability to monetize the various tax credits that these projects generate. In spite of that, we've been able to land projects and bring them in very efficiently and economically. As we move – what we've seen over the past years is that it's a competitive landscape with some narrowing margins there. We've still been able to put in service 500 megawatts of commercial renewables in 2016. So as we look forward, what we wanted to do is give an indication here that recognizing our NOL position. We will look at tax equity. Partnership arrangements is a possible financing tool. We've looked at that in the past, we haven't found anything that was acceptable, and we found other options that were more beneficial to us. But we will be open and continue to examine those possibilities.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Michael, a couple of additional things I would point to. As we get toward the end of the decade, we are planning at this point to be out of an NOL position, now that's setting aside tax reform which could of course change the landscape. So, we believe we'll become increasingly competitive as we enter the latter part of the decade under current tax law. And the other thing I would point to, consistent with your question on Florida, is that we have directed more capital in this plan to regulated renewables, $1.3 billion in the Carolinas and Florida, which we believe will be underpinned by increasing economics, improving economics of those investments in those states. And we will look for ways we can add that form of renewable which has a better return profile for our investors.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, great. Thank you. And also just one last question on taxes, I don't think you made any comments on the border-adjusted tax and how that might affect your operations at all?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Yeah. So, Michael, we do have some exposure to border-adjusted tax within our regulated businesses. I'd point to – our nuclear fleet is being impacted with fuel and so on. I think what's important is to recognize that our nuclear fleet is regulated that this would become a part of our cost of service. And we are – of course, as we advocate around impacts to customer rates, the benefits of low cost energy and other items, we are pointing this out in our advocacy plan to our key legislators, is important to Duke Energy and Duke Energy customers.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: All right. That's great. Thank you very much. And by the way, the presentation looks great. The new slides look very well done, so...
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: ...congratulations on doing that.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go to Chris Turnure with JPMorgan.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. You touched on a couple things around the rate cases that you're going to file for in North Carolina this year, but I wanted to try to get some more detail there. And if we think over the last kind of four years, what has changed since the last filings and decisions there? I'm wondering how we can think about that. You've had some load growth. You definitely had rate base growth, but a big chunk of that is deferred with the coal ash expenses. So, are we kind of looking at you guys pretty much earning your authorized ROE right now and the main benefit of these cases being just a cash recovery on coal ash?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Chris, I would point to a couple of things. I think the other variable – and what has happened over the last four years is, we have executed very effectively on cost management, which gives us some headroom in order to put capital investment in and recovery in without raising prices in a significant way for our customers, and that's very important as we enter in a rate case. We do have capital investment. We intend to recover nuclearly combined cycle. We have deferred costs in the form of Hurricane Matthew, and, of course, we have recovery of ash. So it will be a mix of cash recovery and returns. And as we get closer to filing, of course, we'll give you more specifics on what we're filing for and the composition, and you can expect that later this year.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then my next question is on your capital plan for the next five years. You already talked about commercial renewable growth in there. But are there any placeholders that we should be aware of for kind of large lumpy projects that are not yet approved or kind of maybe even aspirational on the pipeline side or things of that nature for pipelines or other?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: No, we do have growth capital in the plan, Chris, and I would think of it in kind of the $500 million range over this five-year period. And we typically maintain some level of growth capital if you look at us historically because you think about five years, there's time to develop, and we want to put those aspirations out there. So there is some growth capital, kind of $500 million to $700 million, in the gas plan.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. But nothing kind of particularly large that would move things year-to-year if you were not successful in getting them.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: That's correct.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: And Praful Mehta with Citi, your question next, please.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you. And, yes, the slides do look great, so I appreciate it.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I had a quick question on holding company debt and tax reforms. I want to just quickly come back to that. If the interest deductibility does go away, do you plan to change the target holding company level that you want to have in terms of debt? And if you do, what are the level do you have in your tool kit right now to think about how you'll reduce that level over time?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: I think – let me start, and I'm sure Steve has some thoughts on this as well. I think as we think about tax reform, we turn the discussion to the holding company because of the impact. But I think as you face tax reform, you also have to look at what's happening to the underlying earnings power of the utilities and what options we have there. And that would be a part of the decision process on how we would address the holding company. Certainly, delevering could be something we would consider, but I think there's a lot of work to do before we would reach a conclusion like that. And so as this develops, we will continue to keep you informed. And we understand the assignment of mitigating impact to the extent we can, and that's one of the benefits of looking at scenarios that is underway right now.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. Thank you. And then on the utility side, the growth profile you provided was very helpful through 2021. But if we have to look at retail customer rates, and I know there was a slide you provided with rates in 2017, but just to get a sense, well, what kind of load growth you're looking at over that timeframe, and how do you think rates would go or increase over that timeframe to get a sense for sustainability of that growth over time?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: So, we focus very keenly on customer rate impact. And you'll have more visibility on specifics as we think about the plans in 2017 as we announce these rate cases. But over a longer term, we target kind of rate of inflation for – CAGR for customer rate. So, that might be in the range of 2% to 3.5% depending on the jurisdiction. And we actually use that as a governor when we think about capital deployment and our cost of service because of the importance of keeping competitive rates. I think you recognize that we operate in a very competitive environment where our rates in the Carolinas in particular are 20% below national average, and that is an advantage to our service territories if we can continue to perform in that way.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: And we've seen rate reductions due to fuel over the past several years to our customers. So that's part of the overall picture as well.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. That's very helpful. Just a quick follow-up. So if there is, in fact, tax reform that reduces customer bills just because of newer tax rates, does that mean you have more headroom to spend more CapEx during that timeframe?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Yes. In general, if income taxes are lower like any other operational expense, that provides an opportunity for a utility to make further investments in infrastructure under the same rate scheme. So those can be beneficial situations that we have taken advantage of in the past.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. Thank you, guys.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to Brian Chin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Brian.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Brian.
Brian Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning. I guess following up on Praful's earlier questions related to debt. On the HoldCo debt, does the 5% dilutive comment on the House plan, does that incorporate expected changes to the HoldCo debt structure or is that just holding the HoldCo debt outlook in your plan constant and then you could react to it later to mitigate that 5% dilutions?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: It's a modeled level of HoldCo debt in our five-year plan, also considering cash flow impact that we can see in a very preliminary way from the utilities up to the parent. And so that's about a 5% dilutive, Brian.
Brian Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got you. Got you. Okay, great. And then one other thing, the grid modernization CapEx update is pretty helpful here. What proportion of the grid modernization spending is subject to legislative approval? I think based on the last couple of conversations I've had with you, there were some legislation in the Carolinas, for example, that was necessary for some of that spending, can you just give a little bit of color on that?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: There's nothing subject to legislative approval, Brian. We believe the compelling customer value for this is quite strong. And so we have been discussing the importance of infrastructure growth in our jurisdictions, Carolinas, in both the regulatory and legislative level to inform them of the opportunity that exist here and the value we think we can deliver. We also see it as an economic development driver in our service territories. As we set out a long-term plan where workforce could be developed to work in areas that are rural areas of the state, we think there's a compelling business case for the leaders of the state.
Brian Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Appreciate the clarification. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Congrats on a good start to the year.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you, Mike.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I have a question, just – I'm looking at the detail you provide in slide 18, and you show the adjusted book ROEs by state. And then you talk about O&M cost to management and the need to file rate cases in North Carolina. And I'm – I'm just – I'm a little confused only because you're kind of expecting on a 10% to 10.5% or so ROE in the Carolinas. And you're also managing O&M in the Carolinas as one of your bigger jurisdictions. So just curious what drives the need for a case, especially in a state that typically uses historical test years?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Yes, Michael. We've got a number of things occurring here. We've been deferring a lot of costs on our balance sheet that we need to start getting some recovery on. Coal ash is certainly one of those items. We've spent about $900 million on coal ash to-date. We requested and have deferred Hurricane Matthew cost to the tune of about $150 million as well. So, we'll be seeking recovery in some form or fashion of those types of costs. Additionally, we have had infrastructure buildup. Nuclear uprates and the Lee combined-cycle plant are two good examples there that we'll be incorporating into rates.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. But wouldn't those things be weighing on – right, if they're already in service, you would have lost the AFUDC. Wouldn't they be weighing on the earned returns? And yet it seems like you're doing a great job of actually earning your ROEs there.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: We have been. To the extent you make capital investments and put them into plant and service, they will weigh on the earned returns. But that's where we have worked very diligently to control our O&M cost, to expand our wholesale sales, to keep our regulated ROEs up. But now, as we move forward, it's time to catch up that rate base growth. And also, we do have the singular Lee combined-cycle plant as an example that will be timed with rate recovery, which will be moving from CWIP to in-service. So there's a number of factors, as we've mentioned earlier, some deferred cost cash recoveries and some earnings uplift potentials as well, a mix of the two.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And last thing, just thinking about the O&M cost management. You're saying a 5% reduction and I'm still on that kind of same slide, page 18. Is that a 5% reduction on the total kind of GAAP level of $6.2 billion, or a 5% reduction on that smaller number, the $4.6 billion or $4.7 billion?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: It's on the non-recoverable O&M number. The smaller number there. The larger number has recoverables and pass-through type items, as well as some cost-to-achieve type items. So, we're looking at the non-recoverable, lower number.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Okay, guys. Thank you, Lynn. Thanks, Steve.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you, Mike.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Much appreciated.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Sure.
Operator: We'll go to [Robert Tsong] with SunTrust.
Unknown Speaker: Hi, good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning, Robert.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. Just a really quick question on the 4% to 6% across the five years. Should we think about it linear across the five years or is it more frontend or back-end loaded?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: No, as we said in our prepared remarks, we have designed this plan to deliver within the range every year, both the capital and the recovery mechanisms.
Unknown Speaker: I see. Okay. And that's all I have. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to [Hassan Jahan with Avila Research Consulting].
Unknown Speaker: Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hey.
Unknown Speaker: Couple of questions on the tax issue. One, Steve, I thought what you said was very interesting. If the corporate tax rate goes down, it sounds like you were suggesting that you get to keep that benefit and then take that money and reinvest it in new infrastructure. Is that kind of right or I would've thought that the rates would be reduced to compensate for the lower tax rates?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Well, not necessarily. There's a number of options that can be put forth here as we work with the various stakeholders. But we've had cost, O&M items drop in the past. There's a number of things that can be done. You can reinvest in capital and keep your ROEs the same under the current rates, but advance your infrastructure for customers. You can use situations like this to accelerate amortizations of regulatory assets and things of that nature when an O&M cost declines and keep current rates where they're at. We've done that in the past, so there's a number of strategic opportunities that exist out there.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: And I think the important point...
Unknown Speaker: Excellent.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: ...is if customer rates are otherwise going down for a reduction in tax rates, that gives you the opportunity to deploy capital without an increase in .
Unknown Speaker: Right. Right.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: So that's the point we're trying to emphasize here.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. That's excellent. Gas LDC, M&A, is that something that is still in the mix?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: So this plan does not contemplate M&A. We feel like with the portfolio of businesses that we have that we've got a good growth trajectory. Asset acquisitions, if we saw something that fit with one of the businesses, we of course would be opportunistic. But there's no, what I would call, corporate M&A contemplated here.
Unknown Speaker: Got it. Personal tax rates going down, I would assume if that happens, your 4% to 6% growth rate would start to look very low, correct?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: If personal tax rates go down?
Unknown Speaker: More money to the consumer, consumers spend more, more household formations, therefore more electric connections and gas connections, no?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: We love load growth. We do.
Unknown Speaker: Exactly.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: That's probably the best thing that can happen to our business.
Unknown Speaker: Exactly.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: So let's move to the Southeast. Let's build industrial in the Midwest, we're all for it.
Unknown Speaker: But first the tax rate has to come down.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: But to the extent the economy picks up based on various tax initiatives, whether corporate or personal and discretionary spending increases, well, that will certainly help our business. And certainly our Southeast jurisdictions are very desirable areas with a lot of growth. We'd love to see that uptick.
Unknown Speaker: Got it. And last question, if you're going to Washington to influence the outcome of the tax results, why not push for deduction of dividends?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: That's interesting question because we have that raised by a legislator actually in an early conversation. So, all things are on the table, I guess.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And now I'd like to turn the conference back over to Ms. Lynn Good for any additional or closing remarks.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today and for your attention during a slightly longer call and set of prepared remarks. We will be available, as we always are, for additional discussion and feedback, our Investor Relations team, and we look forward to seeing many of you in the days ahead. So thanks again for your investment in Duke Energy.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, again, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you, all, again for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Callahan - IR Lynn Good - CEO Steve Young - CFO
Analysts: Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Ali Agha - SunTrust Maxwell Burke - Citi
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Duke Energy Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Callahan. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Callahan: Thank you, Rachael. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Duke Energy's third quarter 2016 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chairman, President and CEO, along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide 2 presents the Safe Harbor statement, which accompanies our presentation materials. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on duke-energy.com and in today's materials. Please note the appendix for today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures. As summarized on Slide 3, Lynn will cover the key milestones we reached in the quarter as we near the completion of our portfolio transition and provide a brief overview of our new business segments. She will also discuss our third quarter financial and operational highlights and provide an update on our growth initiatives. Steve will then provide an overview of our third quarter financial results, and lower growth trends as well as an update on regulatory activity. He will also provide insight into our expectations for 2017 before closing before closing with our key investor considerations. With that, I'll turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good : Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We have a strong third quarter at Duke Energy. Delivering very solid financial results and demonstrating significant progress in the execution of our business portfolio transition. We closed the Piedmont Natural Gas acquisition and we also announce the sale of our Latin American assets. This transition of our business portfolio strengthens our franchise of high quality stable and growing energy infrastructure businesses.  Starting on Slide 4, let me begin with our business portfolio transition. On October 3rd, we closed the Piedmont Natural Gas acquisition following approval by the North Carolina Utilities Commission. We’re delighted to bring Piedmont's industry leading expertise into our company as we expand our natural gas platform. Supporting our transition to a lower carbon future and growing investments and important natural gas infrastructure. We've worked with and admired Piedmont for many years and our post-closing integration efforts are well underway. In addition on October 10th, we announced agreements with the China Three Gorges Corporation and I Squared Capital to sell our Latin American generation assets. China Three Gorges will buy our assets in Brazil for approximately $1.2 billion including the assumption of debt. We expect to complete the transaction in 2 to 4 months once we’ve received required approvals in Brazil and China. We’re making good progress.  In fact to this morning the Brazilian anti-trust agency preliminarily approved the transactions without any restrictions. This begins a 15 day statutory objection period and if no objections are filed the approval will become final. I Squared Capital will buy our remaining assets in South and Central America in a separate transaction also valued at approximately $1.2 billion. We expect to close this transaction within the next three to five months. The proceeds available will be used to reduce Duke Energy Holding Company debt. Steve will discuss additional implications from the transaction in a moment.  Both of these announcements demonstrate our commitment to deliver more projectable growth and in earnings and cash flows. I'm proud of our team for the extensive work on these transactions as well as the continued dedication of our employees at Duke Energy International, who have managed the business very well throughout the process. We look forward to a timely close as we exit our Latin American generation business and we're pleased to welcome the Piedmont employees to Duke Energy. Turning to Slide 5. Consistent with the transition of portfolio today we are announcing the realignment of our financial reporting segment structure beginning with our fourth quarter results. Perspectival we will discuss performance for three primary business segments. Electric Utilities and Infrastructure, Gas Utilities and Infrastructure and Commercial Renewables. Electric Utilities and Infrastructure will be comprised of our regulated Electric Utilities in the Carolina's, Florida and the Midwest. This segment will also include our commercial transmission investments.  As previously noted Frank Yoho will lead our Gas Utilities and Infrastructure Business, which will contain Piedmont, our local gas distribution companies in Ohio and Kentucky, and our gas pipeline investments such as Atlantic Coast Pipeline, Sabal Trail, Constitution and Piedmont’s existing joint venture investments.  With the realignment of our business Commercial Renewable will become its own segment. Meanwhile, Other will continue to include holding company interest expense and our captive insurance results. Other will also begin to include our National Methanol equity investment in the fourth quarter. With the divestiture of Latin American generation business, the balance of the international segment will be classified as discontinued operations starting in the fourth quarter of 2016. We will continue to report the earnings of this business in adjusted earnings per share until closing. Turning to Slide 6, let me update you on our strong financial results for the quarter. We announced third quarter 2016 adjusted earnings per share of $1.68, an increase of $0.21 from the prior year. We generated higher adjusted earnings with strong results at our regulated utilities due to warmer summer weather and our continued commitment across management and operational excellence. As a result of the strong result through the first three quarters of the year, we are trending towards the high-end of our original 2016 adjusted diluted EPS guidance range of $4.50 to $4.70 per share, this excludes cost associated with Hurricane Matthew. Turning to Slide 7, we are continuing to move forward and deliver strong results on our $30 billion growth capital plan, this plan aligns with our vision to invest capital in smarter energy solutions to generate cleaner energy and modernize the grid, creating value for customers and delivering earnings and dividend growth for our shareholders. Here are a few updates, site preparation activities are underway and are nearly $1 billion Western Carolinas Modernization Project with plant construction anticipated to begin in early 2017. This project allows us to retire our Asheville coal units early, build cleaner natural gas units and install renewable energy on the site. The project is on track to be completed by late 2019. In September, we work with the Indiana office to be utility consumer counsel to develop a plan to modernize and upgrade the Markland Hydro Station. This multiyear effort will increase the output of the nearly 50 year facility, producing low cost, carbon free electricity for Indiana residence for years to come. For the agreement, the approximately $150 million investment and related expenses will be recovered through the recently approved renewable energy rider. Last week we issued an RFP for 400 megawatts of renewable energy in our Duke Energy Carolina's service territory. This furthers our efforts to provide renewable energy to our customers because project must be in operation by December 31, 2018. Also in Carolina, we recently filed for a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity or CPCN for our Duke University combined heat-and-power projects. The projects will consistent of natural gas fired generated, that also provides steam service to the campus and lowers the University's carbon dioxide emissions by 25%. Combined heat-and-power projects represented an attractive energy solution that could benefit many of our universities and other larger industrial customers in the years to come. Shifting to our natural gas infrastructure investments, we continue to make investments in integrity management programs within our local distribution companies and advance construction of our pipeline projects. Let me briefly update you on Sabal Trail, Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Constitution. Construction on the Sabal Trail pipeline began in August and the project remains on track for June, 2017 in-service dates. Since our last earnings call, we have received FERC's notices schedule for the Atlantic Coast Pipeline, based on this schedule we expect to receive the final FERC certificate and begin construction in the third or fourth quarter of 2017. This schedule moves our expected in-service date to the second half of 2019. In September the project partners announced the selection of Spring Bridge constructors as the lead construction contractor representing a significant milestone for the pipeline. This firm is a joint venture, a forward leading U.S. Natural Gas Pipeline Construction Company with the extensive experience in similar projects.  As you recall we have now added Piedmont's 24% stake in the Constitution Pipeline to our portfolio. FERC approved this project in December of 2014. However in April of 2016 the New York Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC) refused to grant the project’s water quality certificate. In response the project filed lawsuits with the U.S. court of appeal to the second circuit and the U.S. District Court of Northern New York seeking to overturn DECs actions. Both of these lawsuits continue to progress with oral arguments before the U.S. Court of Appeal scheduled for November 16th and we expect a decision in this case by mid-2017. We continue to believe that the business case for this pipeline is compelling, as the northeast lacks adequate access of lower cost supplies of natural gas that this pipeline provides. Before, I turn it over to Steve, I'd like to highlight on Slide 8 several of our recent operational accomplishments made possible by the dedication of our employees. As many of you know we manage through two major hurricanes this fall. After Hurricanes Hermine hit the south east in early in early September, our team restored power quickly and safely for more than 200,000 Florida customers, and 150,000 Carolina's customers. Then Hurricane Matthew, a historic storm stuck to our Florida and Carolina's Service Territories in October. The storm tragically resulted in multiple fatalities and wide spread flooding impacting many of our customers across the Carolina's. The flooding, wind and rain caused extensive damage to our energy system leaving more than 1.7 million customers without power. Piedmont’s infrastructure experienced minimum damage.  In terms of customer outrages Hurricane Matthew is the fifth worst storm to hit the combined Duke Energy Carolina's Duke Energy Progress Service Area with damage similar in scale the Hurricane Floyd in 1999 and Hurricane Hugo in 1989. In response we mobilized more than 10,000 workers to rebuild the system and restore power for our customers. We continue to work with the hardest hit areas as they look to recover and rebuild. I'm extremely proud of our employees and our unwavering commitments to serving our communities. Given the magnitudes of the storm we intend to request a deferral of incremental cost and will ask that they be considered as part of our next base rate cases for Duke Energy progress for the majority of damage occurred. Our current estimate of incremental cost is approximately $200 million. We are still in the process of refining this preliminary cost estimates.  Moving to our generation fleet results in the quarter our fleet responded well to the hot summer weather. Our nuclear units at Catawba and McGuire's set new generation records and our Edwardsport plant set a new station record for generation in the quarter.  Also in the third quarter Duke Energy was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index for the 11th consecutive year. This consistent run demonstrates the effectiveness of our sustainability, economic and environmental and social efforts. This is a significant achievement earned by the entire company.  In addition, we were named as Site Selection Magazine's annual list of Top 10 utilities in economic development for the 12th consecutive year. Another example of our focus on developing our communities and growing our customer base. Through September our economic development efforts have yielded almost $3 billion of investments and more than 10,000 jobs across our service territories. In conclusion, I am very pleased with our progress on the transition of the portfolio and in delivering strong financial results in the quarter and building momentum for a strong finish to 2016. We are advancing our strategic capital investments and maintaining our focus on operational excellence and value to our customers. Our portfolio of businesses is well-positioned to deliver strong predictable earnings and cash flows to our investors. Now let me turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Young: Thanks, Lynn. Today, I’ll walk you through the key drivers from the third quarter as well as provide updates on the current retail volume trends within our service territories and regulatory activity underway in our jurisdictions. I’ll close with looking heads to 2017 and our key investor considerations. I'll start with the quarterly results on Slide 9 and discuss our adjusted earnings per share variances compared to the prior year quarter. For more detailed information on segment variances versus last year and a reconciliation of reported results to adjusted results, please refer to the supporting materials that accompany today's press release and presentation. As a remainder, this is the last quarter for existing segment structure. We began managing the business under new segments at the beginning of the fourth quarter upon the completion of the Piedmont acquisition. On a reported or GAAP basis, 2016 third quarter earnings per share were $1.70 compared to $1.35 last year. Third quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.68 compared to $1.47 in the third quarter of 2015. Regulated Utilities quarterly adjusted results increased by $0.34 per share quarter-over-quarter. This strong performance was primarily driven by warmer weather across all of our service territories which added $0.14. We also recognized a lower effective tax rate primarily due to prior year tax adjustments which contributed to an $0.08 increase. Higher revenues from energy efficiency riders in the Carolina's and grid investments riders in Ohio continue to be favorable drivers of earnings adding $0.05 to results for the quarter. Whether normal retail volumes also added $0.04 with growth primarily in the Carolina and Florida, I’ll discuss those details in a moment. Finally, our cost management efforts across the business provided the $0.02 uplift, despite additional storm cost in the third quarter. Our ongoing commitment to managing O&M cost and finding efficiencies throughout our business, position us to achieve our goal of maintaining a flat O&M cost structure through 2020. Commercial portfolio results increased by $0.02 per share in the third quarter, the higher results were largely driven by additional wind and solar facilities placed online this year and more favorable wind resources throughout the summer months. Moving on, Other was down $0.14 for the quarter, largely driven by our higher effective tax rate due to prior year tax benefits and a current year unfavorable audit settlements. These unfavorable tax items offset the favorable tax variance in the regulated utilities segment. For the year we continue to expect a total company adjusted effective tax rate of approximately 31%, compared to our original expectation of 32% to 33%. This is primarily due to the favorable tax benefit realize at international in the first quarter. Our first three quarters have been strong reflecting favorable weather and strong execution on the part of our team. As we look to the fourth quarter, I would like to share a few considerations. First, Piedmont will contribute $0.03 to $0.05 in the fourth quarter, in regulated utilities we have taken the opportunity to re-plan some of our O&M work including advancing a fossil plant outrage and some distribution projects into the fourth quarter.  In addition, the prior year results included the favorable Ohio regulatory settlement. Meanwhile at commercial renewables we expect a relatively flat quarter compared to the prior year and for the segment to finish below original expectations for the full year. Market returns continue to decline and we remain disciplined on renewables capital deployment. With our strong year-to-date results through the third quarter and our expectations for the fourth quarter we are trending for the high end of our original guidance range excluding cost associated with Hurricane Matthew. Moving on to Slide 10, let's review our retail customer volume trends. On a rolling 12-month basis, weather normalized retail load was 0.6% through the third quarter and continues to track our long term expectations of approximately 0.5% load growth. Overall we are pleased with the strength of our residential volumes, which continued to grow at 1.1% over the last 12 months. A strong 1.4% annual increase in the number of new customers drives this growth. Utility sponsored energy efficiency programs and more efficient building codes and standards continue to partially offset this customer growth. Recently we have seen the decline in usage per customer beginning to level out of it. Looking forward positive trends in new job and wage growth as well as a recovery and housing are positive signs for continued residential growth. Moving to the customer class, we experienced an increase of 0.4% over the rolling 12 months and improvement compared to last quarter. Commercial usage is slowly improving across our jurisdictions as non-manufacturing employment improves and office vacancies continue to decline, even with new office space being added. These improvements were somewhat offset by commercial businesses supporting manufacturing. In addition, we continue to see declines in the government and education sectors especially in the Midwest. In the industrial class, we see growth of 0.2% on a rolling 12-month basis. Industries that support construction and automotive continue to show resilience. However the metals industry is once again experiencing declines. We will closely monitor economic conditions and our customer usage patterns throughout the remainder of the year and into 2017.  Moving to Slide 11, let me take a moment to discuss the status of the DET's South Carolina rate case. In October we reached a constructive settlement with the office of regulatory staff and other key intervening parties. The settlement was reviewed by the Public Service Commission and Staff Carolina during a hearing earlier this week. The major components of the settlement were largely consistent with our initial filing, we requested that the $79 million increase with an allowed ROE of 10.75% and equity structure of 53% and a rate base of 1.3 billion. Our significant energy infrastructure investments were the key drivers for the proposed increase. The settlement provides for the $56 million revenue increase and an allowed ROE of 10.1%. We also agreed to a 53% equity structure and a $1.3 billion rate base. If the settlement is approved as filed new rates are expected to be effective in January 2017. Customer rates would be implemented over a two year period in year one customer bills will increase by $38 million then step up to $56 million in year two. DEP will reduce its cost to removal liability by $18 million in year one to provide a neutral earnings impact to the company in the first year of rate implementation. Based on the settlement coal ash cost that had incurred will be recovered with a return over a 15 year amortization period and we agreed to differ any future rates cases to 2019. This settlement is an important milestone and we expecting an order from the commission in the coming weeks. With the transition in our business portfolio, I want to provide you some broad parameters for 2017 on Slide 12. Consistent with past practice we will provide guidance for 2017 including a five year capital plan during our February earnings call. We anticipate growth in the core businesses electric and gas infrastructure and commercial renewables of about 5% off of the $4.30 midpoint of our 2016 adjusted earnings per share guidance range. Accretion from Piedmont is expected to be $0.08 to $0.10 per share in 2017 a strong first year reflecting the benefits of early integration. We will provide additional perspective on growth capital in all of our segments in February. International results through closing use of sales proceeds and National Methanol are expected to contribute between $0.10 and $0.15 per share in 2017. National Methanol will move to other and contribute $0.05 per share based on prevalent Brent crude oil prices in our ongoing ownership percentage, which is expected to set down in 2017. The use of proceeds from the sale of our Latin American generation assets of 1.7 billion to 1.9 billion will displace future financing at the holding company and we will also contribute about $0.05 per share based on current interest rates. We estimate first quarter operating results from our international business could also add up to $0.05 per share of earnings depending upon the timing of the close. We look forward to further discussion of 2017 and beyond in February. I’ll close with Slide 13, Duke Energy has tremendous scale offering in attractive investor value proposition which includes balanced growth in earnings and reliable dividends overtime. Within months we expect to complete our multiyear portfolio transition, affirming our commitment to provide low risk, high quality earnings and cash flows, and supporting our long term growth projections. We will continue to invest in cleaner energy resources, modernize the energy grid and build our natural gas platform and provide enhanced services for our customers. With that let's open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instruction] We will take our first question from Michael Weinstein from Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: Could you discuss in a little more detail the -- I think you said that there was a -- the results from commercial renewables was not as what you expected. Just wondering if you could discuss some of the issues surrounding that.
Lynn Good: Michael, I would you direct you to the Slide 16 of the deck which gives you a comparison of where we are for year-to-date results against original expectations. Can you see commercial has delivered about 65 million of net income against our original expectations of a 140 million. We are not expecting that will deliver a 140 million for ’16. Some of that short fall will be the result of lesser capital deployment as Steve mentioned, returns have been very market driven, so break for customers but load for investors. And then we continue to expect to be slightly behind on wind on solar resources as a result of what we've seen in weather patterns. So those are the two things that I would point too.
Michael Weinstein: Is it that the market for investment has become more competitive than you expected, let's say, a year ago, that returns on acquisitions are just smaller than you thought? Or is this more of a weather issue?
Lynn Good: I think returns are lower, Michael and I think the other thing to consider for Duke as an investor we are in an NOL position as a result of bonus depreciation and so as we look at returns we consider that the monetization of tax credits need to reflect when we will be a cash tax payer, so the DCF of that can challenge our returns. So that's something that we’ll continue to monitor. As the time progresses we understand the market well, we have great expertise in both wind and solar base on the business that we've built, we still like for business, but we are declined in the way we deploy the capital based on the returns we’re seeing in the market.
Michael Weinstein: How long does that NOL position go out to? What do you expect?
Steve Young: As currently we are expecting assuming there are no further extensions of bonus that we would come out of the NOL position in 2019. We would then begin using tax credits ITC production tax credits, so we would still not be a significant cash tax player for a few years after that. 
Michael Weinstein: But that, in theory, could make the renewables business a little more competitive for you, right?
Lynn Good: I think as we get closer to that period of tax where we burn off the NOL that will impact our view of returns Michael, because the relative value the tax credits will be greater.
Michael Weinstein: Alright, understood. Thank you. 
Operator: Will take our question from Ali Agha of SunTrust. 
Ali Agha : First question, Steve, the proceeds from the international sale, as you mentioned, you are going to use to pay off parent debt. Can you remind me, on average, what's the average interest rate on the debt that you are paying off?
Steve Young: When we did the calculation, we come up with roughly $0.05. We’re looking at long-term holding company rate, might be in the 3.5% to 4% type range of that nature. So that's the basis of what we’re looking at and we've baked that into our financing plans anticipating that to happen we’ll initially take down some bridge facilities of shorter term with the proceeds.
Ali Agha : Okay. But there is enough -- that high cost, or relatively high cost, debt available to get that kind of savings?
Steve Young: Well, what I'm speaking about is, we’ve anticipated this and baked it into our financing plans to avoid issuances of hold co. at that higher level.
Lynn Good: So, Ali, if you think about it, as 1.7 billion to 1.9 billion of proceeds coming into the holding company. So the average rate as Steve reference is consistent with that.
Ali Agha: I see. Then second, the commercial results that you are getting, $65 million year-to-date, or $140 million for the year, I guess a little lower now -- how much of that roughly is the recognition of tax credits?
Lynn Good: Tax credits are going to be a significant part of the renewable return. Ali, I don’t have an exact number in front of me, we do have a modest amount of contribution in commercial fund of pipelines at this point to the third quarter, we’ll move that to the gas infrastructure segment in the fourth quarter.
Steve Young: That’s correct. The results for the commercial portfolio reflects small amounts of AFUDC on the pipelines, that will be growing. But right now it is primarily from the renewables business and that is heavily driven by the recognition of the tax benefits.
Ali Agha: Got it. Last question. Lynn, as you look at this portfolio now, post the international sale, and you look at your utility footprint, is everything essentially core as far as Duke is concerned? And related to that, as you are looking at growth over at least the next three, four years, does M&A come back into the mix for you as you are looking to deliver growth for shareholders?
Lynn Good: So Ali, the businesses that we earned coming out the transition are all core and I think the strength of the franchises we own in the South-east both Gas and Electric and then a strong position in mid-West are core businesses. And we’ll be looking to drive growth for investment that build on cleaner forms of generation and strengthening our grid and driving growth and providing value to customers, that will be job one at Duke. I believe M&A represents something that we will continue to look at as opportunity for rise, and I think we’ve demonstrated a track record of successful integration of M&A candidates, but job one, as I said is growing core businesses that we own.
Ali Agha: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] We will take our next question from Maxwell Burke with Citi.
Maxwell Burke: So maybe just jumping back to your renewable portfolio, when you are underwriting these investments, do you generally assume that the PPA cash flows are going to cover the full investment cost? Or do you assume some residual value, post-PPA, in order to recover that investment?
Lynn Good: We will typically assign some terminal value beyond the contract period.
Maxwell Burke: Okay, got it. And maybe just as a follow-up, can you provide any guidance on how you think about valuation, post-PPA? Do you make some assumption around re-contracting, or do you apply a dollar KW [ph] multiple, or some other method?
Lynn Good: We look at a variety of things as we think about terminal value including forward curves as well as market experience. And so our contracts are the majority of the value that we are looking at and so terminal was something and we look at a range of possible outcomes.
Maxwell Burke: Got it, thanks.
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back to Ms. Lynn Good for closing remarks.
Lynn Good: Thank you everyone for your interest and investment in Duke Energy. We have made tremendous progress this quarter and look forward to see many of you in the coming months and at the EDI Financial Conference next week. Thank you.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Callahan - Vice President - Investor Relations, Duke Energy Corp. Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Duke Energy Second Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Callahan. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Callahan - Vice President - Investor Relations, Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you, Anna. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Duke Energy's second quarter 2016 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chairman, President and CEO, along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide two presents the Safe Harbor statement, which accompanies our presentation materials. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on duke-energy.com and in today's materials. Please note the appendix for today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures. As summarized on slide three, Lynn will cover our second quarter financial highlights and provide an update on our portfolio transition and strategic initiatives. Lynn will then provide an update on our coal ash efforts as well as other operational highlights. Then Steve will provide an overview of our second quarter financial results, an update on low growth trends and recent regulatory activity before closing with our key investor considerations. With that, I'll turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Let me start on slide four and express how pleased I am with our financial results this quarter. This morning we announced second quarter 2016 adjusted earnings per share of $1.07, an increase of $0.12 from the prior year. We generated higher adjusted earnings with strong results at our regulated utilities, which gives us confidence to reaffirm our full year guidance for 2016. We also demonstrated our confidence in the strength of our core businesses with the recent increase in our dividend. We have consistently paid a dividend for 90 years, which extends our commitment to this key part of our total shareholder return proposition. We accomplished strong results this quarter while continuing to build our domestic energy infrastructure business as you can see on slide five. Let's start with our pending acquisition of Piedmont Natural Gas. This acquisition and the expansion of our natural gas infrastructure platform supports our transition to a lower carbon future. In June, Duke Energy and Piedmont reached constructive settlement agreements with the North Carolina public staff and other key interveners. The settlement provide clear benefits to customers and communities. In July, the North Carolina Utilities Commission held a hearing to review the proposed acquisition. The acquisition review will be fully briefed on August 25, when proposed orders are due from all parties. There is no statutory timeframe for the commission to act and we won't speculate on their timing; however, integration efforts are going well and we will be opportunistic with our remaining acquisition financing such that we are prepared to close the transaction when all closing conditions are met. We remain confident of closing the transaction by the end of this year and possibly earlier. In addition, we're proceeding as planned with our process to access the Latin American generation business. We've received strong interest from a variety of parties. We have since invited a select group of bidders to participate in detailed due diligence, including management presentations and site visits for the purpose of providing final bids. We will continue to provide updates as we move through this process. Turning to slide six, I'll provide you with a brief update on our progress executing our $30 billion strategic growth capital plan. Our vision is to invest capital in smarter energy solutions that generate cleaner energy and modernize the grid, creating value for our customers and delivering earnings and dividend growth for our shareholders. Our major generation projects continue to move forward as planned remaining on time and on budget. In South Carolina, construction of our $600 million Lee natural gas combined cycle plant is progressing well toward a November 2017 in-service date. In Florida, construction has begun on our $1.5 billion Citrus County combined cycle plant. And our up rates at Hines are on target for an October 1 in-service date. In addition, we continue to add solar to our regulated generation portfolio. In May, the NCUC approved two new solar projects totaling 65 megawatts in our Duke Energy Carolina service territory. Both of these projects are expected to be online in the first quarter of 2017. In Indiana, the State Regulatory Commission approved our 17-megawatt solar plant at the Crane Naval Station, the second-largest solar power plant in the state. Per Indiana statute, we will recover 100% of the cost of the project via a clean energy investment rider. We also had several positive developments regarding our grid modernization efforts. On June 29, the Indiana Commission approved our previously filed settlement agreement for our seven-year, $1.4 billion plan to build a smarter energy infrastructure, which is now under way. In Kentucky, we filed a request to deploy smart meters in our service territory; while in South Carolina, we received an accounting order from the commission allowing Duke Energy Carolinas to defer the cost of smart meter investments until the next rate case. These programs will provide much needed technology and infrastructure upgrades. They build upon our progress in investing in the energy grid and will benefit customers with improved reliability and safety, fewer and shorter power outages and overall energy savings. Shifting to our commercial portfolio, we continue to advance our two natural gas pipeline projects, Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Sabal Trail. We expect to receive FERC's notice of schedule for the Atlantic Coast Pipeline soon. We still anticipate a FERC order allowing construction to begin by mid-2017, keeping the project on target for a late 2018 in-service date. Meanwhile, you might recall that Sabal Trail received FERC approval in February of this year. Pre-construction work is underway with construction expected to begin in late summer. The project remains on target to be in operation in mid-2017. We also had success this quarter growing our commercial renewable fleet. Our 200-megawatt Los Vientos IV wind project achieved commercial operation in July, a month ahead of schedule. Our 200-megawatt Frontier wind project remains on target to begin serving customers later this year. With the acquisition of 55 megawatts of new solar projects, we now have two additional projects in North Carolina and our first in New Mexico. By year-end, we expect commercial renewables footprint to be approximately 3,000 megawatts. Turning to slide seven, let me update you on the significant progress we made during the quarter on coal ash basin closure. As we have previously discussed, our work is underway to close basins at seven sites in the Carolinas, including two sites in South Carolina. For our remaining North Carolina basins, in the second quarter we received updated rankings from the North Carolina Department of Environmental quality. The rankings established closure methods, time frames, and ultimately cost. They also highlighted the need for additional time to complete ongoing dam improvement activities and collect additional scientific and engineering data to appropriately rank and safely close the basin. In response, North Carolina adopted House Bill 630 to strengthen the 2014 Coal Ash Management Act. The legislation provides important clarifications, keeping final authority for coal ash oversight with the state environmental regulator and outlining a path to low classifications for many of our basins, which allows for a range of closure options, including capping the material in place. It also requires the completion of the dam improvement activities and providing access to a permanent alternative drinking water supply for certain residents. This removes any concerns for plant neighbors about potential impact to their surrounding private drinking wells. In addition, the legislation directs the construction of ash reprocessing facilities at three sites to make the material suitable for use in concrete. We support recycling ash, which is the only way to avoid permanent storage of this useful construction material. The time frames outlined in the new legislation are generally consistent with the requirements of the federal Coal Combustion Residual or CCR rule and work is underway to meet the requirements in the CCR rule and the North Carolina legislation. The new law in North Carolina does not materially affect our current estimated costs for basin closure and we remain committed to safe sustainable long-term solutions for coal ash across all of our jurisdictions. Moving to Indiana, we filed testimony in June to support our first petition to recover approximately $400 million in costs associated with the federal CCR rule. Our petition requests that these costs for dry bottom ash conversion projects be recovered under the Indiana Federal Mandate Statute. This statute provides for 80% recovery of project costs through a rider and 20% deferred until the next rate case. Hearings are scheduled for November, and we could receive an order by mid-2017. Finally, in July we filed a request in Kentucky for a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity to construct a $23 million dry bottom ash handling system at our East Bend station. Before I turn it over to Steve, I'd like to highlight on slide eight several of our recent operational accomplishments made possible by the dedication of our employees. Our strong generation fleet performance has persisted through the second quarter. Year-to-date, our nuclear fleet has achieved a 96% capacity factor. At Oconee Unit 3 in the Carolinas our team set a new record for shortest outage time, an improvement of 10% over the prior period. In June, the company was recognized by EEI with the association's Emergency Recovery Award for our outstanding power restoration efforts in the Carolinas following Winter Storm Jonas earlier this year. These efforts were again on display in response to the approximately 550,000 outages caused by Tropical Storm Colin in Florida in June and powerful windstorms in the Midwest and Carolinas in June and early July. In each of these storms, our teams worked diligently and safely both day and night to restore service as quickly as possible, and I commend their commitment to meeting our customers' needs 24 by 7. Also in June we exceeded the $687 million guarantee fuel and joint dispatch merger savings, providing a significant benefit to our Carolinas customers as a result of the 2012 Duke and Progress Energy merger. The dedicated efforts of our teams allowed us to complete this important milestone, a full year ahead of our original commitment. In conclusion, I'm pleased with our financial results for the quarter and our progress in advancing our strategic initiatives as we invest in cleaner and smarter energy solutions for our customers and deliver growth for our investors. We are maintaining a sharp focus on operational excellence, which includes our commitment to safety and cost efficiency. Our portfolio transition enhances Duke's position as an industry-leading domestic infrastructure business with stable transparent earnings and cash flows. We look forward to completing this transition. Now let me turn it over to Steve.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Lynn. As Lynn mentioned, we are pleased with our strong quarter. Given the results through the first half of the year, we remain on track to achieve and today have reaffirmed our full-year 2016 guidance range of between $4.50 to $4.70 per share. Let me walk you through some of the key drivers from the quarter as well as provide updates on current retail volume trends within our service territories and regulatory activity underway in our jurisdictions. I'll start with the quarterly results on slide nine. For more detailed information on segment variances versus last year and a reconciliation of reported results to adjusted results, please refer to the supporting materials that accompany today's press release and presentation. On a reported or GAAP basis, 2016 second quarter earnings per share were $0.74 compared to $0.78 last year and were impacted by an impairment in Central America. Due to the continued advancement of our process to exit the Latin American generation business and the increased probability of sale, we evaluated the carrying value of the asset groups within International Energy. We determined that certain assets in Central America were impaired and as a result we recognized a pre-tax charge of $194 million. In addition to this impairment, costs related to mergers and savings initiatives were also special items that have been excluded from our adjusted EPS results. Let me now discuss our adjusted quarterly earnings and key drivers at each of our business segments. Second quarter adjusted diluted earnings were $1.07 per share compared to $0.95 in the second quarter of 2015. Regulated Utilities quarterly adjusted results increased by $0.13 per share despite less favorable weather. This was primarily driven by higher pricing and riders. We also realized higher wholesale margins, primarily due to the long-term contract associated with the NCEMPA acquisition in the prior year. In addition, reduced outage costs and ongoing cost management efforts enabled us to further reduce our O&M in the quarter. Even with $0.06 in higher storm related costs year-to-date, our focus on operational efficiencies and cost savings initiatives position us to achieve our full-year O&M reduction target and helps position us to maintain a flat O&M cost structure through 2020. Commercial Portfolio results increased by $0.01 per share in the second quarter. The higher results were largely driven by increased investments in our share of the Atlantic Coast and Sabal Trail pipelines. Our renewables portfolio was flat compared to the prior-year quarter as weaker than expected wind resources were lower than historical averages, a trend similar to last year. On a year-to-date basis, our commercial portfolio was slightly behind our original expectations for the first half of the year. We will continue to monitor this trend throughout the remainder of the year. Moving on, other was flat for the quarter as a favorable income tax adjustment resulting from a completed IRS audit was offset by higher interest expense. International's quarterly earnings declined by $0.02 over last year. Lower earnings at National Methanol were driven by the completion of planned maintenance and lower MTBE prices. Looking ahead, the expansion of the new palm facility at National Methanol has been delayed and is now expected to come on line in the second quarter of 2017. As a reminder, once in service this expansion will reduce our ownership percentage from 25% to 17.5%. International's results were also impacted by higher income tax expense. Because of our announcement in early 2016 of our intent to exit our Latin American operations, we no longer expect to permanently reinvest earnings in that business. As a result, we will continue to recognize additional U.S. income taxes up to the point of sale. Stronger results in Brazil due to improved hydrology more then offset weaker foreign currency exchange rates. Overall, it was a solid quarter and we are pleased with our results. Moving on to slide 10, let's review our retail customer volume trends. On a rolling 12-month basis, weather-normalized retail load growth was 0.3% through the second quarter and continues to track our long-term expectations of approximately 0.5% load growth. We are particularly pleased with the strength of our residential volume trends, which continue to grow at 0.8% over the last 12 months. Growth has been bolstered by a 1.4% increase in the number of customers. This has more than compensated for the usage reduction by our residential customers due to their increased adoption of energy efficiency and general housing trends. For the first time since the recession, we are beginning to witness single-family housing starts reaching the level of multi-family starts. At a macro level, employment and wage growth were also trending favorably for the residential class. Moving to the commercial class, we experienced a decline of 0.2% over the rolling 12 months. Commercial continues to grow in our Carolinas and Florida jurisdictions, led by gains in non-manufacturing employment and declining office vacancies; however, in the Midwest, we see continued declines in the government sector related to the impacts of budget cuts. In our industrial class, we continue to see growth of 0.4% on a rolling 12-month basis. Industries that support construction and automotives remain strong, and we are seeing positive signs once again in the chemicals, rubber and plastics industries. A few large industrial customers in the Midwest completed production outages during the quarter, which we believe temporarily impacted growth. Meanwhile the softer global economy and strength of the U.S. dollar are still impacting companies influenced by exports. Of note, this quarter, we saw a renewed strength in sales in the metals sector. In particular, Indiana showed growth in this sector as tariffs on imports have resulted in increased domestic metal production that is critical to the Midwest industrial base. We will continue to closely monitor economic conditions and our customer usage patterns throughout the remainder of the year. Moving to slide 11, the company recently submitted regulatory filings in South Carolina and Florida. On July 1, we filed a request with the Public Service Commission of South Carolina to increase revenues by about $79 million for Duke Energy progress, our first rate case in this jurisdiction since 1988. We've made significant investments to build new energy infrastructure to meet the needs of a growing customer base and comply with environmental regulations at both the state and federal levels. These investments allow us to provide affordable, reliable and increasingly cleaner energy to customers. They are key drivers for the proposed increase, which will allow us to recover the costs associated with assets we have placed into service in recent years. These include our H.F. Lee, Smith, and Sutton natural gas fired combined cycle facilities. They also include the South Carolina retail share of costs from the NCEMPA acquisition, in addition to renewables investments. The hearing will begin on October 31 and, if approved, new rates could go into effect in January 2017. We have also filed two separate petitions with the Florida Public Service Commission under the generation base rate adjustment mechanism to increase revenues by approximately $70 million. The first petition includes the Hines Energy inlet chilling air units, which will provide approximately 220 megawatts of additional capacity to the current plant. The second petition is filed to recover the total revenue requirements associated with the previously approved acquisition of the Osprey generating facility from Calpine. We expect this acquisition to be completed in early 2017. Also in Florida, I am pleased to announce that we recently completed the securitization of cost associated with our retired Crystal River 3 nuclear plant. By issuing bonds at very attractive interest rates, this transaction will save our Florida customers nearly $800 million over the next 20 years. This financing represents a win-win solution that allows us to continue making investments in Florida that provide cleaner energy solutions for our customers and at the same time, help manage the impact to our customer's bills. I'm proud of our team that worked diligently to create significant value for our customers through this transaction. I'll close with slide 12. Duke Energy has tremendous scale, offering an attractive investor value proposition which includes balanced growth in earnings and reliable dividends over time. As Lynn mentioned, we are making good progress on the exit of the Latin American generation business in preparing for the integration of Piedmont. After completion of these strategic transactions, we will operate a portfolio that provides low risk and high-quality earnings and cash flows to support stable earnings and dividend growth. We are making significant strides in executing on our capital plan, including investing in cleaner energy resources and technologies that modernize our energy grid to provide the enhanced services that our customers expect. And we are excited about the growth opportunities for natural gas infrastructure across our service territories, particularly in the Southeast. Our dividend is very important to us. The strength of cash flows generated by our operating companies allows us to continue to target annual growth in the dividend consistent with our long-term 4% to 6% earnings growth objective. We had a good first half of the year and are looking ahead to the third quarter, traditionally our strongest. This gives us confidence to reaffirm our $4.50 to $4.70 adjusted earnings per share guidance range for 2016. With that, let's open the lines for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll move first to Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: On the Latin America sale, can you give us any update on just when you would anticipate this wrapping up? I think you're saying it's – you've gone into the second round already. Is this a this quarter or more a fourth quarter type of thing?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You know, Jonathan, it's progressing as we expected. We are targeting an announcement by the end of the year and believe closing is a 2017 event. So we will give more specifics as we continue through the process. But we're on pace to achieve that at this point.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then just on the same topic, I think on the last call you had said that you would sort of give some updated thoughts around likely dilution as the year progressed. And given that we've seen an improvement, I guess, in the fundamentals and some other aspects, do you have anything new to say on that or should we sort of stick with the prior commentary?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think the prior commentary still works, Jonathan. I think until we can talk more specifics on the price and the timing, it's difficult to be more specific at this point. So we will provide that information when we have clarity and give you the kind of update you'd expect on implications to long-term earnings trajectory.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Is it fair to say that you might feel better than you did three months ago, given changes in the marketplace? Or is that just ...
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, I certainly – yeah, I think your observations of optimism. We see stronger GDP growth being projected for 2017 working through some of the political issues seems to be moving forward. Of course, the hydrology has returned to normal so there are a number of positive trends. And you all watch FX, that's trended favorably as well.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: But you're definitely selling, right?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We're definitely selling.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jonathan.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Stephen.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Morning, Stephen.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Wanted to just check in with you on coal ash spend and recovery. I know this is a topic you've talked about in the past but I just wanted to make sure I understood your latest thinking from here in terms of approach to recovery of spending, any additional thoughts you might have in terms of just strategy for addressing that spend?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Stephen, the forecast that we have in place at this point has about $1.3 billion of coal ash spend over the next several years, really targeted to the first four sites. And we think that's a good planning assumption for now. We have requested deferral of those costs in South Carolina and we've received approval, and we will be pursuing recovery of cost in South Carolina in connection with the case that we just filed. For North Carolina, we intend to file a case really in connection with in-service date of certain of the plants. So we gave you an update on our timing on that and coal ash would be a part of that general rate case process. I'm pleased with what we've accomplished so far, both in terms of the progress we've made in basin closure. And I believe the legislation that's in place today has also reduced any uncertainty, or a lot of the uncertainty, around the cost estimate and closure methods, which I also think is important.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, that's very helpful. And shifting to kind of the other side of the spectrum on solar, I guess two parts to this. One, we've been hearing a whole bunch of encouraging commentary from other utilities in terms of just potential for increased solar growth. So I was curious in terms of your take on that potential. And relatedly, in terms of your organic growth capabilities in terms of your team and being able to grow this business yourself rather than simply acquire other mature assets, if you could just speak to your capabilities. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Stephen, we have had a separate dedicated team focused on renewable growth since 2007. We call it our commercial renewables team. So we have about 3,000 megawatts of a combination of wind and solar. Some of it has been greenfield-developed; some of it has been acquired. And we've been in the business of not only building, constructing, operating but also acquiring assets for a long period of time. We continue to put capital to work in a disciplined way in that business. The returns are heavily impacted by tax incentives. And so ensuring that we're delivering an appropriate return is always an area of focus in that business. Over the last three years we've turned greater attention to regulated renewables and have made a number of solar investments in the Carolinas. We announced one in Indiana and we've had a number in Florida as well. And that team has delivered probably between 250 and 300 megawatts of owned renewables in all of our jurisdictions. We believe that's going to be increasingly important as we go forward. So there's been a lot of development in both areas of our business over the last several years. And I believe we have a strong team to continue to pursue growth in those areas.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. And, Lynn, in terms of the potential for gross step change up in terms of greater solar growth, just as the cost of solar continues to drop very rapidly, should we expect a step change or do you see it as more of a gradual evolution where you're focused?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You know, and I think, Stephen, I would talk about it in a couple of ways. In the regulated area, each jurisdiction has a slightly different profile. We have renewable standards in some. We have solar legislation in some. In Florida, we have a site plan that has 500 megawatts under development over the next 10 years. And we are constantly looking for what is the lowest cost resource that we can bring in that makes sense for customers and really use that as part of a planning assumption for our integrated resources. So we will see that continue to build. I wouldn't see it as a step change, necessarily, but continued growth consistent with what makes sense for customers. On the commercial side, we have a combination of wind and solar. Our portfolio today is more heavily allocated to wind. And we look for opportunistic opportunities to bring assets into the portfolio that make sense given our return expectations. So if you look at our capital plan, you see $500 million to $1 billion of annual spend looking for the right opportunities. And that's a good planning assumption, again, to think about how we are adding renewables to our portfolio.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Good morning, Lynn.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hello, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Couple of questions related to international sale – just the assumptions kind of on the edges. What was the debt level there at the end of the quarter? I had it last time around $650 million. Is that still about right?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's a good assumption.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: That's about right, yeah.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And you still expect that you will not have to pay any taxes on a sale – cash taxes?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Because of the NOL position, Steve, it's pushed out.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then is there anything you need to deal with in terms of overheads within the whole company that are being attributed there that might have to be placed to the rest of the company?
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No, I think we're in pretty good shape there. We have a Houston office that deals with the international business, and so it's a bit more stand-alone than some of our other operations. So I think we're well prepared to deal with that.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You know, Steve, I would add to that. In each country we run a finance organization. There's a CFO, there are HR execs, there are legal support in each country. And then we also have, as Steve indicated, a Houston office that serves as overall oversight. So there are resources here at the corporate center that support international but it's not to the extent that you might expect for a more domestic business.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then unrelated question, just I think, Steve, you mentioned something about commercial maybe tracking a little bit below plan so far this year. But then I assume the utilities may be a little above. Could you just kind of clarify what you're saying there? What are – if that's true, what are the key drivers on each -below or above?
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Right. Yeah, let me talk about some of our segments here. Commercial is running a bit below. We've had below-normal wind, if you will, and that's pushed some of the earnings down there. We'll see what happens in the last half of the year. International had a large favorable tax item that we booked in Q1. Some of that will come back over the remainder of the year. But that's been helpful to their results certainly for us. On the regulated side, we started out the year with mild weather and storms and some weak weather-normal volumes. We've done a great job in the second quarter of coming back. Weather has picked up a bit in June and certainly in July. We'll see where that goes through the third quarter. Our O&M savings have been quite significant. Year-to-date, $0.10 savings; that's been offset by about $0.06 of storm but still some very strong year-to-date O&M savings that help us there. We've gotten good top-line revenue growth from energy efficiency riders and some infrastructure riders in the Midwest. That has helped and continues there. We'll see how weather-normal load picks up in the second half. We're optimistic about the residential side of things. So there's ups and downs in the various segments there but feel good about where we're headed for the rest of the year.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll move next to Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, actually just to pick up on the last question to kick it off.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Well, good morning, first off.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Perhaps if you could – good morning. I wanted to follow up here on the commercial renewables, if you will. What is a good rule of thumb when you're thinking about wind or solar as you build those out and make the year-over-year comparisons? I know that you've had these pressures but what are the rules of thumb? What is 100 megawatts, what's a gigawatt equal on an EPS basis? Again, you've obviously got the one-time ITC element here but just kind of an ongoing basis.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Julien, that's an interesting metric. The way we look at these projects is overall return over the life of the project with an expectation that the return has to clear hurdle rates around cost to capital and other things. So we don't look at it as a specific metric of revenue or EBIT per megawatt hour, whether it's wind or solar. The profile, as you indicated, is different. So the ITC impact of solar for the commercial can have a more heavily weighted near-term impact. Wind comes in over the 10-year PTC period. What's influencing results for us in the first half is just the wind not blowing as much, so we had relatively weaker wind in the quarter relative to plan. But it's really consistent with what we saw last year with weaker wind, so not much of a year-over-year delta. Hopefully, that clarifies.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Yes, absolutely. And then if you can expand on your strategic vision for the company. Obviously, we've seen other peers in the Southeast look at Midstream a lot more closely. Obviously, you guys have more of a history. Can you give us your latest thinking on the trajectory? Is gas utility it or are you going to go further?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Julien, if you look at the investments we've made over the last three years, we have been turning more attention to gas infrastructure. And that is really building on the transition in our generation portfolio toward more natural gas. So if you go back to 2008, 2009, 2010, the Carolina companies had very little generation coming from natural gas. That, today, is in the range of 25% to 30% of our energy is coming from natural gas. So we made an investment in the Atlantic Coast pipeline, $2 billion investment, to bring more infrastructure into the state to provide infrastructure for further development of generation and also services to customers. We made an investment in Sabal Trail, which is important to Florida, which is already a very gas-heavy area. And then we added Piedmont, which is the interstate pipeline in the Carolinas, which we believe has great growth opportunity, not only for the customers they serve, but for increasing power generation. So we believe that gas infrastructure fits with Duke. The returns, the regulated returns, the cash flows in support of our dividend are important. And we will look for ways to continue to add to that portfolio as we go forward. At the same time, as you know, we are also adding to our electric business with grid investment, renewables, gas generation. And we'll continue with those investments as well. Always looking for ways we can add additional value to customers and to our investors.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you. And a quick clarification on a prior question. When you were talking about recovery mechanism for coal ash and the timeline in turn for rate cases, can you elaborate a little bit on your confidence of the 4% to 6% and when that's going to materialize as it relates to the latest clarity in coal ash recovery and, in turn, the clarity that you're now getting for your rate case timeline?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Julien, we're on track for 4% to 6% as we've talked about, really over this year. The rate cases will be more in the back half of the five-year period. So you should be thinking about greater contribution in 2018 and 2019 than in 2017, as an example. I think what the coal ash legislation does is it provides more certainty on our larger sites, on the methods that we can use to close. And therefore, the overall cost and impact to customers will be lower over the 10- to 15-year period that we pursue closure of these basins. So I think it's all fitting together in what we have shared with you as our approach to delivering the 4% to 6% over the five-year period.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great, thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Shar. Good morning.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi, Shar.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: So most of the questions were answered. Just real quick on Atlantic Coast Pipeline. I think that it's obviously now fully subscribed. So is there sort of a viewpoint on when and if you would look to upsize it to around 2 BCF of laterals and compressors?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Shar, we need to get through the FERC process for the existing status or investment of the pipeline. We expect to receive a scheduling order soon and anticipate the FERC order in 2017. So I think discussions about the future around that pipeline will be better served 2017, 2018 as we continue to progress the existing project.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Got it. And then just lastly on the solar, as we sort of think about your pipeline and your backlog and installations, how should we sort of think about the solar versus at the regulated utility, regulated rates or at the commercial business? As you look to do more solar.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So at this point in the regulated business, Shar, it's almost all solar. You should think about the Carolinas renewables investments as being solar investments. We have one wind investment in Indiana and there could be potential for more wind in the Midwest. But I would think about our regulated potential as being primarily a solar potential. As we think about commercial, we look at both. And, in fact, this year we're going to install more megawatts of wind than solar, just based on the opportunistic nature of what we've developed, the returns we've delivered and what we believe to be the highest quality projects. So we'll be more opportunistic in the commercial business looking at a complement of wind and solar. We like the profile of PTC. So there might be a slight bias toward wind. But in our regulated business, as I said, solar will be the predominant investment type.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Got it. And then do you expect that mix between wind and solar commercial to potentially invert as the PTCs roll off?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We always look at that, Shar, and what makes the most sense for the business. Where do we have the greatest return potential? We are heavily weighted to wind. We've probably put more attention to solar in 2014 and 2015 and so we continue to look at a mix.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Excellent. Thanks so much.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, guys. Can you just talk about pension for a second? Just trying to think about what your sensitivity is to changes in discount rates and interest rates and how that may impact O&M and which jurisdictions do you get kind of more real-time recovery of that increased cost versus which ones where there's a little bit of lag?
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure, Michael. A sensitivity first: 25 bps on our discount rate is about $0.02 up or down on our pension expense. And it's a similar sensitivity on the return on assets of a 25 bps change on the return on the fund assets. A couple of things about our pension plan, it's fully funded, over 100% funded. And it's a closed pension plan. And we have de-risks that -- we're in the process of de-risking it. And so we're not quite as volatile as maybe some folks might be regarding swings there. Most of our jurisdictions have that as part of cost of service in our service territory. So you update pension cost like you do other non-fuel O&M type costs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. One other question, a little bit of a change of topic, but when you look at demand across your different service territories, the demand trends look very different near Southern service territories versus those in the Midwest. Can you talk a little bit about how having those very different kind of demand trajectories impacts how you might think about managing those different jurisdictions differently?
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure, Michael. You certainly do see different characteristics across our service territories, which is one of the benefits of that type of diversity. When you look at the Midwest, you'll see less residential population growth than the Southeast. But you do see some very solid industrial growth. When you look over the past several years, we've seen a lot of the automotive and metals in the Midwest kind of carry our growth during 2012 through 2015. What we're seeing now is that the residential growth in the Southeast is picking up as some of our industrial growth has declined a bit. But we have jurisdictional leadership that is very well attuned to the business climates in all of our jurisdictions. And they do vary. Florida has little industrial and has a lot of residential. The Midwest has a lot of industrial, so we're well in tune and manage all of those jurisdictions accordingly.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Michael, what I would add is each jurisdiction has its own business profile challenges and opportunities as well as the public policies in each state can impact the way we think about our priorities. And so I think about the Carolinas with the focus on renewable portfolio standards and the increased interest in solar in South Carolina. We are taking advantage of that interest and making investments in that way. In Indiana, it's been a jurisdiction that has very much been interested in infrastructure investment. The support for the grid investment of $1.5 billion has been something that moved through the legislature and then we've been able to put a plan in front of the Indiana Commission that they have approved. And so the point you're making about tailoring what we do, both in terms of regulatory strategy and legislative strategy to each state, is something that our jurisdictional teams are focused on. And I think that's one of the strengths of our portfolio is we have the opportunity to take advantage of the interests in each state.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you for that. One – I guess one final, in the Carolinas, in North Carolina, have you all quantified what the coal ash expected capital spending costs are for the next few years and then kind of what the total obligation or liability is longer term?
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: What we have disclosed, Michael, in our five-year plan, we had disclosed $1.3 billion of CapEx related to the four sites that we knew we were going to excavate. And then beyond that, we had disclosed that we had between $0.7 billion and $1 billion for some other sites that we had disclosed we were going to excavate. Some of that spend gets outside the five-year window. So we'll update those numbers in February. Those are kind of the disclosures that we had. I don't know that they've changed dramatically. The overall ARO obligation on our books for the Carolinas and North Carolina is about $4 billion. That hasn't changed a lot over the past several quarters.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you, Steve. Thank you, Lynn. Much appreciated.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Brian Chin with Bank of America.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Brian.
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Just a general industry question. We've heard from a number of your peers that are investing in wind and solar that because of the improvement in technology and economies of scale that PPA prices are now economical at lower and lower levels. Could you give just a general sense of what your commercial team is seeing with regards to PPA prices for wind and solar? And what's your general take on to what extent do you agree with that statement versus does the industry – is the industry experiencing a little bit of a capital discipline issue here? Can you just comment on that generally? Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Brian, the prices are lower. PPA prices are declining. I think that reflects the improvement in the technology. And the comment that I would make, the economics are still largely, largely driven by tax incentives. And so an important criteria in establishing returns is your ability to monetize those tax credits, either through a tax equity structure or through your own profile. And so that's something that we look closely at. I think we've disclosed that we are in an NOL position. And so our appetite for immediate monetization is limited. And so I think there are a variety of considerations as we look at additional investment and what discipline means for Duke Energy in the returns that we're trying to deliver with renewables.
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. And then one other question. You made it very clear at the beginning of the year that the National Methanol group was not part of the international sale effort. Can you comment on are there any conditions that might occur in the future that might prompt you to revisit that? And what is the investment case for owning National Methanol? I understand that you have a very complex relationship with the government of Saudi Arabia in terms of an ownership structure. But from just purely an investment standpoint, what is the case for continuing to own that business?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Brian, I'll maybe give you a little perspective on history on this. We had the opportunity to renegotiate the NMC contract. My, what has it been? 2011, 2012?
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Where we extended the life of the contract in exchange for a reduction in ownership because we were not going to put additional investment dollars into the joint venture. And we ended up with a very attractive net present value on that investment where you get another 15 years or so of earnings with no additional capital investment. And we thought that was a prudent thing to do because the value of selling it at that point of renegotiation was inferior to the extension profile. And so at any point, I guess we could enter into discussions with our partners about an exit. But I look at it today as being a very small investment that produces strong cash flows that we're able to bring in and use to support the dividend. And in the scheme of all of Duke, it's relatively modest. Right? We're talking about less than $100 million of net income. So that's the history I would share with you and it's been a good contributor over time, as you know.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, I would add that it's an investment on our books of less than $100 million that produces net income, cash dividended to the parent of, in some years, close to $100 million a year. It's lower than that, but still very profitable at the lower levels. So it is an equity investment; doesn't require a lot of management time or effort. Selling it has some challenges. So we'll hold on to it.
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you, and best of luck as you complete the international asset sale.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Brian.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Michael Weinstein (51:59) with Credit Suisse.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hello, Michael (51:48).
Unknown Speaker: Good morning. A lot of my questions have been answered. But just to follow up a little bit on coal ash, would you remind us how much has actually been spent to date so far versus the total plan, and is that the amount that you expect to file in your next North Carolina rate case?
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We've spent roughly $500 million to date, and we'll be spending at accelerated clips as we go forward. So we'll be determining what – based upon levels of prior spend, that will impact our filing criteria. Typically, we would not try to recover costs that have not yet been spent. So that's why you build up a spend pattern a little bit and then make recovery applications there.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think, Michael, it's important, when we talk about $500 million, in the Carolinas, we operate four utilities. So it's North Carolina – Duke Energy Carolinas, Duke Energy Progress; South Carolina – Duke Energy Carolina, Duke Energy Progress. So that spend would be included in four different sets of rate cases as we go forward.
Unknown Speaker: All right. That makes sense. And I know that you said earlier that the tax – that you don't expect any kind of, I guess, gains tax on the sale of the Brazilian portfolio?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So we're in an NOL position on our federal tax basis is what we were talking about. And so cash taxes – if there are cash taxes to be paid – will be deferred into the future.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, we...
Unknown Speaker: Yeah.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, we would suspect that we would have a taxable gain on the sale. But the level of taxes recognized depends upon the sales price and so forth and various tax mechanisms put in place. But whatever tax liability we get from that will be deferred due to the NOL positioning.
Unknown Speaker: Have you disclosed the tax basis?
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No, we have not.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure.
Operator: And we'll now take our next question from Praful Mehta with Citi.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi, guys, thanks for taking the question.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning. Just one question on – we've talked a lot about your portfolio about for commercial, natural gas, putting the 4% to 6% growth rate that you have in context, how would you look at these different pieces of the business? As in what's driving – what's kind of delivering higher growth in the 4% to 6%, what is lower? And as you look forward, how do you look at your portfolio? I mean, what do you look to grow? What do you think will deliver that stronger growth more post the four- to five-year timeframe as well?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I would point back to the slide that we included in our February call that laid out the components of the growth. Certainly the utilities, the regulated utilities are an important part of that. And it's a combination of wholesale growth, investment growth and modest load growth. Our commercial business will contribute. Piedmont and the gas platform will contribute. We see Piedmont as growing at a faster rate than 4% to 6% and the pipeline investment will be growing at a slightly faster rate. So I would refer you back to that slide. I think it's the – probably the best depiction of the details around how the 4% to 6% unfolds over the next five years.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got you. And do you see that trend happening more past that five-year trend as well? As in, do you see utility growth tapering off a little bit and that Piedmont picks up on that growth over time?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You know, I think we continue to look for ways that we can deliver investment for customers in our electric business. I think the one thing I would point out, if you look at the profile of Duke over the last 5 to 10 years, our growth has been more heavily weighted toward generation, which means we continue to have a lot of potential in distribution, grid, transmission and customer, that we'll continue to find opportunities to put capital to work over the next five years. But I believe that trend will continue into the future. Renewables are another area that I think will continue beyond the five-year period.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Right. I would add that we see our regulated rate base growing at 5% over our five-year timeframe. And ultimately, that's a way to think about an earnings base. And now the timing can vary depending on rate case timing but that's the earnings based growth we see.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got you. Thanks so much, guys.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning, Lynn and Steve. First question – just so that we don't double count these numbers, can you just remind us in the base case scenario, how much cash had you assumed you would be taking out from international on a going forward basis?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: About $300 million a year.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: That's correct. And thus far we've taken back about $1.5 billion through the repatriation effort that we put together in late 2014.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. But that $300 million a year, was that indefinite or was that over some period of years?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, Ali, you might remember we declared a $2.7 billion dividend. The $1.5 billion that Steve indicated has already moved against that dividend. So we had $1.2 billion left, and I believe we were targeting to move that between now and 2021 or something like that. So it was not – what we had accomplished was a very favorable structure transaction that gave us an opportunity to move $2.7 billion in an advantaged way. And we were going to move the $300 million a year against that between now and 2021.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got it. And just to be clear, Lynn, correct me if I'm wrong, so when we think about the proceeds that you'll get from the international sales, it's the stuff or cash that's above $1.2 billion that we should think of as incremental cash that you would not have counted on in your base case original plan.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Certainly accelerated – an accelerated $1.2 billion.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Right. It accelerates it and would be greater than $1.2 billion.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Right, right. And then separately, with the write-off, I know you alluded to that in your opening remarks, what is the book value of those international assets now?
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: They are in the neighborhood of $2.4 billion, $2.5 billion.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got it. Okay. And last question, the 4% to 6% growth longer term, can you remind us the underlying load growth weather-normalized, is that 0.5% have you assumed that stays consistent over that period or just remind us what you assumed there?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: 0.5%. You have a good memory.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thanks so much.
Operator: And it appears there are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Good for any additional or closing remarks.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So I want to thank you all for your interest in investment in Duke Energy. We look forward to continuing to provide updates on all of these matters as we go forward. And, of course, the IR team is available today for any follow-up questions. So thanks again.
Operator: Once again, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you all for your participation.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bill Currens - Vice President-Investor Relations Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Duke Energy First Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. And at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Bill Currens. Please go ahead, sir.
Bill Currens - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Yolanda. Good morning everyone, and welcome to Duke Energy's first quarter 2016 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chairman, President and CEO along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide two presents the Safe Harbor statement, which accompanies our presentation materials. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on duke-energy.com and in today's materials. Please note that the appendix to today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures. As summarized on slide three, Lynn will cover our first quarter financial and operational highlights and provide an update of our recent strategic and growth initiatives. Then Steve will provide an overview of our first quarter financial results, an, update on economic activities within our service territories and close with our key investor considerations. With that, I'll turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I'm very pleased with our solid first quarter financial results, our continued focus on operational performance and the progress we've made on our strategic portfolio transition and important growth initiatives. I'll provide an update on our progress on these initiatives in just a moment. First, let me begin with a few financial and operational highlights of the first quarter as summarized on slide four. This morning we announced first quarter 2016 adjusted earnings per share of $1.13. Results for our regulated utilities were modestly below our internal plan as a result of significant storm costs in the Carolinas, milder weather and weaker than expected customer volumes. We continue to see strong customer growth and our 12-month rolling average volumes continue to track consistently with our expectations. Operating results for our international business were in line with our expectations as hydrology began to return to more normal levels in Brazil. We also recognized tax adjustments at international during the quarter, which Steve will review in a movement. As we've looked at the balance of the year, we are affirming our full year 2016 guidance range of $4.50 to $4.70 per share. Daily operational excellence continues to underpin our commitment to our customers, communities and investors. That commitment starts with our focus on safety. For 2015, Duke Energy's employees safety record received the top rank among large utilities as recognize by EEI. Our generation fleet also performed well during the quarter. Our nuclear fleet achieved a 95% capacity factor, building on its record breaking performance in 2015. In Indiana, our Edwardsport IGCC facility continues to improve its operational performance. In February the gasifiers achieved 100% availability, our best month ever. Our growing natural gas fleet is also benefiting customers and the environment, taking advantage of low natural gas prices. In March of this year, our gas-fired plant set a record for monthly natural gas consumption, surpassing the record set last June. This is indicative of the strategic coal-to-gas shift in our generation portfolio, which has enabled us to reduce carbon emissions by 28% since 2005. Our organization responded well to weather challenges in the first quarter. In January, Winter Storm Jonas struck the Carolinas causing approximately 600,000 customer outages. There were also ice and wind storms in February, impacting more than 500,000 customers in the Carolinas. Our teams performed admirably during these events, continuing to provide customers with the level of service they've come to expect. Next let me update you on our coal ash basin closure activities in the Carolinas. We continue to make outstanding progress with closure activities underway at six sites. For each of our basins, the North Carolina Department of Environmental Quality is required by statue to recommend risk classifications. Preliminary classifications were released at the end of January followed by a public comment period. We expect DEQ to finalize their classifications shortly. The risk classifications will impact basin closure methods, timing and costs. Based on our comprehensive engineering analysis of our basins, we believe the majority of the remaining unclassified basins meet the requirements for a low classification, allowing 15 years and closure methods which include storing the ash in place. W are committed to safe basin closure in a way that protects our communities and the environment, while minimizing cost to customers. We will keep you informed as the regulatory review process continues to advance. Turning to slide five. I'll highlight several recent milestones in our important growth initiatives. Our five-year capital plan through 2020 includes a deployment of between $25 billion and $30 billion in growth capital in new natural gas-fired generation, grid investment, commercial and regulated renewables and gas pipeline infrastructure. These investments are directed at improving customer service, modernizing our generation fleet and the electric grid, as well as investing in natural gas infrastructure that is complementary to our system. These investments support our transition toward businesses that provide stable, long-term growth in earnings and the dividend. During the quarter, we received approval from the North Carolina Utilities Commission for our $1 billion Western Carolinas modernization project in Ashville. This allows us to move forward with retiring the Asheville Coal Plant by 2020 and replacing it with two highly efficient natural gas combined cycle units. In South Carolina, construction of our $700 million W.S. Lee Natural Gas Combined Cycle Plant is well underway. The project is on budget and on target for a November 2017 in-service date. We also broke ground on our $1.5 billion natural gas-fired Citrus County Combined Cycle Plant in Florida, staying on track for a 2018 in-service date. We're building on our success and growing our commercial and regulated renewable assets. In our commercial portfolio, our two 200-megawatt wind projects, Los Vientos IV and Frontier are on target to come online later this year. Since the beginning of the year, we've announced the acquisition of nine new solar projects including eight in North Carolina. In our regulated utilities, we've announced 100 megawatts of planned solar installations for 2016 in the Carolinas, Florida, and Indiana. That's already about 75% of what we achieved in 2015, which was a very strong year for solar investment. In fact, Duke Energy progress was ranked third among all utilities in 2015 for bringing new solar capacity online. Additionally, as pictured on this slide, we recently completed an iconic solar farm to serve the power needs of Walt Disney World Resort in Orlando. In the first quarter, we also made good progress in our grid modernization efforts. In March, we announced a settlement agreement with nearly all interveners including key consumer groups on our seven-year Indiana T&D infrastructure investment program. The $1.4 billion plan will provide much needed technology and infrastructure upgrades that will benefit customers, providing improved reliability and safety, fewer and shorter power outages, better information, and overall energy savings. In addition, the settlement allows us to continue evaluating the installation of smart meters in our Indiana service territory, which would be eligible for recovery in a future rate case. The grid modernization hearings with the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission began yesterday, and we expect a decision around mid-year. Our two commercial natural gas pipeline infrastructure projects, Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Sabal Trail, continue moving forward. Sabal Trail received FERC approval in February, and the pipeline is on target to begin construction in the second quarter and be in operation in 2017. Atlantic Coast Pipeline is also progressing and has adopted several alternate routes, increasing the lengths of the pipeline from about 550 miles to just under 600 miles. The project partners recently submitted updated information related to these alternative routes as well as responses to all of FERC's outstanding environmental information requests. We're confident that FERC will soon be able to issue its draft environmental impact statement, the next important project milestone. And in fact, I believe that statement was issued this morning. The project partners have devoted significant time and resources to ensure that the environmental issues have been fully addressed. And as a result, we've adjusted our expectation for receipt of the FERC certificate to mid-2017. We are still planning for a late 2018 in-service date for the project. Turning to slide six, I will address recent activities around the strategic transition of our overall business portfolio toward regulated and contracted electric and gas infrastructure businesses. The two strategic transactions highlighted on this slide will complete the realignment of our portfolio to focus entirely on domestic businesses that drive more stable earnings and cash flows. Let's start with our pending acquisition of Piedmont Natural Gas. In March, we received approval from the Tennessee Regulatory Authority for a change in control upon acquisition by Duke Energy. The final remaining approval is with the North Carolina Utilities Commission, which has scheduled hearing for July 18. We remain confident of closing the transaction before the end of this year. Additionally, at the end of February, we successfully priced a common stock offering to fund the equity portion of the Piedmont acquisition. The $766 million offering was well received by our investors. As a reminder, the shares were offered in a forward structure. This means we will not issue the shares until the forward is settled at the time the Piedmont transaction closes. We are also progressing on the planned exit of our Latin American generation business. We've begun initial steps in marketing the assets including signing nondisclosure agreements and providing information to interested parties. This business includes high quality assets, which we believe will attract significant interest for potential buyers. We will keep you updated on this important strategic transition. In conclusion, I'm pleased with our financial results for the quarter and our progress in advancing our growth investments. We're also maintaining a sharp focus on operational excellence, which includes our commitment to safety and cost efficiency. Our business portfolio transition positions Duke as an industry-leading domestic infrastructure business with stable, transparent earnings and cash flows. We're looking forward to continuing our progress on this transition throughout 2016. Now, let me turn it over to Steve.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Lynn. Before I begin, I'd like to take a moment to thank Bill Currens for his seven years as a leader with the Investor Relations team. Bill's tireless commitment to delivering accurate, transparent information to our analysts and investors has been outstanding. I will look forward to continuing to work with him in his new role as our Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer & Controller. As many of you know, Mike Callahan is succeeding Bill as Vice President of Investor Relations. Currently Mike serves as Director of Regulated Utilities Forecasting. He has also had extensive experience in treasury, financial planning and analysis, and investor relations. We're delighted he's returning to IR to lead the team, where he will continue our efforts to serve our shareholders and investors. Today, I'll focus on four primary areas. First, I'll discuss the major drivers of our first quarter results and provide an update to our full-year adjusted EPS guidance range for 2016. I'll discuss our retail volume trends and the economic conditions within our service territories. I'll spend a few moments on the continued cost management efforts underway, and then I will close with a review of our key investor considerations. Let's start with the quarterly results. I will cover the highlights on slide seven. For more detailed information on segment variances versus last year, please refer to the supporting materials that accompany today's press release. First quarter adjusted diluted earnings were $1.13 per share compared to $1.24 in the first quarter of 2015. The lower results in the current year reflect milder winter weather in 2016 and the absence of Midwest generation results due to the successful sale of the business in April 2015. Additionally in 2016, we incurred significant winter storm costs and somewhat softer retail volumes, which were offset by a tax adjustment at international. On a reported basis, 2016 first quarter earnings per share were $1.01 compared to $1.22 last year. Let me briefly review key quarterly earnings drivers at each of our business segments. On an adjusted basis, regulated utilities results declined by $0.11 per share, principally driven by the milder weather in the Carolinas and Midwest. Higher revenues from pricing and riders in the Carolinas and Ohio were mostly offset by higher depreciation and amortization expense due to additional plant in service, including the acquisition of the NCEMPA assets in July 2015. Additionally, we incurred higher O&M expense during the quarter as a result of winter storm cost in the Carolinas, which were higher than our planning assumptions by $0.05. Offsetting emergent storm expenses were lower outage costs and increased cost efficiencies throughout the organization. As expected, our commercial portfolio declined by $0.11 per share in the first quarter of 2016, primarily due to the absence of the Midwest generation business, which was sold in April of 2015. Our commercial renewables benefited from improved levels of wind production this quarter and growth from new renewable projects. Other was down $0.06 per share, primarily due to prior year tax adjustments and higher interest expense in the quarter. Moving to international operational performance, in particular in Brazil, strengthened during the quarter. Hydrology in Brazil has improved significantly during the recent rainy season. Reservoir levels in southeast Brazil are approximately 60%, compared to around 30% this time last year. This improvement has resulted in increased hydro production throughout Brazil and lower purchased power costs to meet our contractual commitments. We also had $0.11 of favorable tax related items associated with the international segment during the quarter, which represents the impact of several events. You will recall in the fourth quarter of 2014, we declared a $2.7 billion dividend at international in order to efficiently bring funds back to the US. In early 2016, we announced our intent to exit the international business. This decision, combined with the extension of bonus depreciation by Congress in late 2015, allows us to more efficiently utilize foreign tax credits and reduce our US income taxes. As a result of our intent to exit the international business, we will recognize additional US income taxes for international up until the point of sale. Overall, and with our first quarter results, we remain on track to achieve our 2016 guidance range of between $4.50 to $4.70 per share. Moving onto slide eight, I'll now discuss our retail customer volume trends. On a rolling 12-month basis, weather-normalized retail load growth was 0.7% through the first quarter. For the first quarter, our retail load growth trends were soft. Within the residential sector, we continued to experience strong growth in the number of new customers, approximately 1.3% over the recent 12 months. However, after moderating for most of 2015, residential customer usage trends have declined during the quarter due to the slow economic recovery and adoption of energy efficiency initiatives. Employment and wage growth trends continue to be favorable for the residential sector, along with the improving housing sector. The commercial and industrial classes continue to grow, to show growth of 0.2% and 1.1% respectively over the rolling 12 months. The commercial sector continues to be supported by office vacancy rate declines and job creation remains strong. Offsetting this growth is the governmental sector, as many agencies face tighter budgets, elimination of jobs and adoption of energy efficiency measures. As for the industrial sector, construction, automotives and textiles continue to show strength in the Carolinas and Midwest. Other industrial companies continue to reduce production as they work through unusually high inventory levels accumulated in 2015. However, the softer global economies and the stronger dollar is still impacting companies that compete globally, such as steel and metals. Our 12-month trends continue to track to our planning assumptions, despite a weak first quarter. We will continue to closely monitor customer usage patterns as we progress through the year. Moving to slide nine, as we continue to position our company for a low load growth environment, I'd like to spend just a moment discussing the progress that we made in managing costs across the organization. So far this year, absent the emerging storm costs, O&M is tracking favorable to the prior year, which is consistent with our expectations. We are focused on standardization of our operational processes and systems to manage our business much more efficiently. We also continued to take advantage of the flexibility and cost savings associated with the transition of our generation portfolio from coal to natural gas. Also within our nuclear and fossil generation fleets, we're making changes in how we plan and execute our plant outages and how we utilize resources across our fleet. Although the Nuclear Promise is an industry-wide approach to controlling costs, activities are already underway within our nuclear fleet to drive out cost and place more discipline on capital allocation. In our transmission and distribution businesses, we continue to pursue technology that not only provides greater reliability and information for our customers, but also helps control work volumes, metering costs and contractor needs. I'll close with slide 10, which summarizes our key investor considerations. Duke Energy has tremendous scale, offering an attractive investor value proposition, which includes balanced growth in earnings and dividends over time. As Lynn mentioned, we are making excellent progress on the acquisition of Piedmont and the exit of the international business. After the completion of this strategic transition, we will operate a portfolio that provides lower risk and higher quality earnings and cash flows to support growth in both earnings and the dividend. Our strong capital plan includes the transition toward a lower carbon future as we retire coal and build new efficient combined cycle natural gas and renewable resources. We're excited about the growth opportunities for natural gas infrastructure across our service territories, particularly in the Southeast. Our electric grid investments allow us to deliver higher levels of reliability and offer new innovative products and services to our customers. Our dividend is very important to us. We continue to target annual growth in the dividend consistent with our long-term 4% to 6% earnings growth objective. Strong cash flows from our core businesses support our dividend. We are only one quarter into the year, but remain on track to achieve the $4.50 to $4.70 adjusted earnings per share guidance range for 2016. With that, let's open the line for your questions.
Bill Currens - Vice President-Investor Relations: Okay. Greg, I think we've got you first in the queue. We'll go to Greg Gordon. Greg? Operator, if you can hear us, we'll go ahead and take Q&A now.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We appear that we having some technical difficulty. So, we'll wait for a few minutes to see if we can establish the line for questions.
Bill Currens - Vice President-Investor Relations: If everyone could just bear with us for one second. They had a fire alarm over at the operator's location. So just bear with us for a second here.
Operator: We'll take our first question from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Hey. Thanks. Bill, first of all I wanted to say congratulations. You've run a fantastic IR program. You're leaving it in great hands as well.
Bill Currens - Vice President-Investor Relations: Great. Thank you for that comment Greg.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Yes. Good morning. How are you? So, couple of questions on tax. So you're ahead of the game on tax and international. I was a little bit distracted when you were going through that part of your script, so can you rehash what's going on there? And does that effectively put you ahead of target for the year for that segment, since you're already more than halfway there in the first quarter on your targeted guidance assumptions? Or is the tax drag year-over-year from other parts of the business offsetting it? And finally, you're at a 26% effective tax rate year-to-date. Are you still expecting it to be 32%, 33% levelized over the course of the year, or is that also trending better?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So Greg, let me start with a little explanation on the tax adjustment, then I'll turn it to Steve on specifics around effective tax rate. So coming into this year, we had the extension of bonus depreciation and then the planned announcement of the exit of international, put us in a position where we could relook at the tax consequences of the sale of the business and we are going to be in a position to utilize more of our foreign tax credits, which is real economic benefit from the combination of the extension of bonus and the decision to exit. And so that economic benefit is being reflecting in the first quarter. It does put us ahead of our first quarter plan on international as a result of that. But also as we indicated in the script, we will begin recognizing tax expense, because we will no longer be making the assertion that the proceeds do not come onshore and that tax expense will be reflected over the balance of the year. So, ahead of plan through the first quarter, good economic benefit from the tax planning that the team has accomplished here, and I'll turn it to Steve to talk about effective tax rate.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, we had expected and forecasted an effective tax rate for the year of about 32% to 33%. I think it will be lower than that. You might lower it by 1% on that range, as a result of the tax strategies we put forth related to international.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. So some portion of that $0.11 will flow back, but there will be a net benefit when we look back at the end of the fiscal year. Is that a fair summary?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, that's true.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's correct. A modest amount will turn, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. I think I understand. Thank you, guys. I'll cede to the next question.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you, guys. That was actually going to be my first question. So, I'll ask my second one which was on the international sale. Can you give any insight at this stage whether you feel it's more likely the assets get sold in one block or in packages or some other structure?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Jonathan, we're pleased with where we are on the process. There's been good market interest in the assets. We're still in preliminary phases. So, I can't speak to whether or not the transaction will be a single transaction or a combination. Our objective will be to optimize the value of the portfolio. And as the year progresses, we'll keep you informed on timing and expectations. But I would say we're off to a solid start on the process.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Are you committed to exiting everything, or is it possible that there would be a partial sale if that was the better value outcome?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We've made a decision to exit, and are certainly in that process today, Jonathan, and as we move through it we'll have a better sense of timing and approach. So, I think that's a question that we'll be prepared to give more specifics on as the year progresses. But again, we're off to a good start with the degree of market interest we're seeing in the assets.
Bill Currens - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you. And thank you to you as well Bill. And good luck.
Bill Currens - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Jonathan.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jonathan.
Operator: We'll go next to Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi. Good morning.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks for that peaceful moment there earlier.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We didn't know what was going on for awhile.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I know, when we figured out it was a fire alarm, it has to be one of the first ever. Mr. Currens (32:20) on his final call.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yes. So, we'll always remember your final call, Bill. So, just one other clarification on the international. There were Bloomberg Radio story headlines this morning that seemed to imply there was a comment from that saying that the dilution from the sale would be less than you had thought going forward. That's not what you said though here in this call. So, could you just clarify, did you say something about that or is there anything to add there?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Steve, thanks for that question. So it's kind of all a part of this discussion around economic value from this tax adjustment. So, we still intend, believe the transaction will be dilutive. We'll give more visibility on valuation as the process continues. But the fact that we've had a tax planning strategy here that has provided an economic value reflected in the first quarter is significant. It's a combination of bonus and the decision to sell. So that was the point I was making. But we'll know more on the valuation of the entire transaction as the year progresses.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. But there just to, I'm sorry to clarify again. So you were referring to the benefit that you got in this first quarter. There is not some other tax benefits that occur post sale that we weren't.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Great. And then, just maybe on the clarifying kind of going back to last call. So you had said before, the 4% to 6% growth rate and it's going to be kind of maybe kind of lower toward the beginning of the period, then rising toward the end of the period. Is that still kind of the way you look at it?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's correct, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We don't expect linear, just given the timing of our capital deployment, the approach we take toward rate cases and resetting our prices. But over the five-year period, we believe we have the capital investments, the growth initiatives that will drive growth within our 4% to 6% targeted range.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then lastly, I think Piedmont has a stake in the Constitution Pipeline. I mean, I'm sure that's not a huge part of the company, but just does that affect much at all your kind of expectations there, the delay?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, we've been following that closely. Steve, and of course are disappointed in the ruling in the State of New York. I think the partners in the projects have been very clear on where they are and the fact that they are reviewing a number of options to go forward. At this point, we're planning for a delay in the project. But as these options are pursued, some of which could include resubmission or appeal through the courts, we'll have a better sense of timing and outcome, so more to come on that.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: And their stake is like $250 million, is that the right number?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Around $200 million. Around $200 million, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll move next to Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Julien.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Get it started. So, a few clarifying questions here. Following up on Steve's last question, how do you think about hitting the bottom end of the range through at least the near-term period? Just to kind of clarify that. Do you expect to be able to hit that 4% in the subsequent years, especially given the year-to-date start and where the sales process is et cetera?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You know, Julien, I think our guidance on that is as it was at the end of the year. We have reaffirmed our range of $4.50 to $4.70 for this year. We're in the midst of portfolio transition with the sale of international and the acquisition of Piedmont, both of which we expect to make substantial progress on in 2016. That will have bearing on 2017 and forward, so we'll give you a better sense of 2017 as we get close. We're confident in the range. We believe it will be nonlinear, as we've talked about, but don't have anything further to say on that at this point. But we're working hard on all elements of both growth initiatives, capital deployment, pursuing rate cases at the right time, and moving aggressively through the transition in the portfolio.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: And then a quick follow-up on pension accounting here. We've seen some companies in the sector pursue some new policies on discount rates. I'd be curious, is that something you all are reviewing?
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We keep abreast of the various accounting rules and options available to us and those are things that we look at with a regular basis and we're keeping an eye on those things. We're aware of the different methods of selecting discount rates, yield curves, bond methods, spot methods, so we're keeping an eye on that.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Just no decisions at this point. Julien. Those decisions will be finalized in connection with our year-end planning process.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: So, would that still affect potentially this year?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, no decisions have been made at this point.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No decisions, and typically a decision like that would impact prospective years.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then, more strategic question here. As you think about the gas expansion that you are undertaking by the acquisition of Piedmont, how are you thinking about future expansions or exposures on the gas side of the equation? And specifically here, either more gas utilities or more importantly, I suppose the more direct midstream pipeline exposure. I'd be curious.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Julien, we're excited about what the potential of the Piedmont acquisition represents for Duke and our focus here in 2016 is on closing the transaction and also progressing Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Sabal Trail. We also see growth within the Piedmont franchise, both with customer additions as well as infrastructure that would support gas generation here in the Carolinas. So, we expect to continue to build on that platform in particular. We'll look at assets that make sense for Duke, whether they're midstream or local distribution companies, but don't have anything more specific to share with you at this point. We're focused on closing the transaction and integrating it in a successful way.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Turnure with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. I had a more specific question on timing for the international sale. I do respect that it's still relatively early in the process, but it's my understanding that you really got the ball rolling back in January, so it's been a couple months now. At least you do have those I guess confidentiality agreements in place, and you are in discussions. Maybe it would be helpful to hear a best case scenario here knowing what you know, in terms of timing for the ultimate close of the transaction.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. And you know, Chris, the ball was rolling in January and February on planning. The ball began rolling into the market with discussions with counterparties on non-disclosure agreements and interest more in the late March, April timeframe. And so we are two months into that process. The data room, the data book is in the hands of prospective buyers, and over the next couple of months, we'll be learning more about degree of interest, number of parties that intend to stay in the process, and we'll have more to update in the second quarter. I just you know, given where we are, I don't have any more specifics to share with you. Jonathan I believe or someone asked earlier about, is it one transaction or multiple. That of course would impact timing. Our objective is to optimize the value of the portfolio, and we're going to move through this in a thoughtful way to accomplish exactly that. And we'll give you more specifics when we are further into the process.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. And then my second question is on Atlantic Coast Pipeline. We did have the delay in the start of construction I guess that you gave some color on in your prepared remarks, but the overall cost and completion date remains unchanged. Is there any more information that you can give us there in terms of the drivers of that delay and start of construction and maybe moving pieces within the lack of change of completion date and lack of change of total costs that might have kind of netted to no effect there, I guess.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Chris, there has been a very active engagement on the part of the partners throughout this process and the delay in receipt of FERC approval has really been the result of pursuing alternate routes and addressing environmental and stakeholder concerns along the way. So the schedule, as originally developed, had contingency timing in it which we've continued to work actively with our partners, including you know the way we're engaging with contractors. And at this point believe that we are on target for a mid-2017 approval from FERC, which should give us an ability to continue to target late 2018 for in-service. So, a lot of good work has been going on to look at a variety of alternatives and to work with the contingency that was within the original project plan.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, that makes sense. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Michael.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Couple of easy ones. Can you all talk about how much utility O&M was down year-over-year in the quarter excluding the impact of storms?
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, Michael. The O&M, the non-recoverable types O&M was down $0.04 year-over-year in the quarter. And again, we had about $0.05 of storms delta quarter-over-quarter offsetting that. But we had the $0.04 benefit.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then CapEx in the quarter came in, like if I just annualize that number, that would imply a year-end number several billion below kind of what you highlighted for 2016 levels. Should we just assume CapEx is very back-end loaded in the course of this year or is there a kind of downside potential to that CapEx number?
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think our original capital plans for the years are still intact. I think it's just a shaping during the year.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And Michael, if you look back even at 2015, we spent about 20% of capital last year. We're kind of in that range this year in the first quarter, and then it picks up over the course of the year. So the pattern looks similar to what we've experienced in previous years.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And then finally, can you just remind us what are your thoughts or plans around rate case timing across the various utilities or across your system?
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, Michael. As we had mentioned in the February call, we're looking at the majority of these cases to be back loaded in the five-year timeframe. But that's always subject to scrutiny of costs and events that are going on at the time. And in fact, we are looking at accelerating a rate case. We may file a notice this year for our filing for Duke Energy Progress South Carolina jurisdiction. So we're always looking at what's the appropriate time to go in, what's our cost structure look like and the investment timing related to that. I'd still say that the majority of the cases are in the back end of the five-year timeframe. But the South Carolina is an example of an opportunity we have that we need to move on perhaps earlier.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Yeah. I asked that question only because if I look at the quarterly demand rather than the rolling 12 months, while it's really strong in the Carolinas, Florida has been a little bit weaker and Indiana and Ohio especially in this quarter were significantly weak on a weather normalized basis.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Michael, the rate case timing in Florida, you may recall, we have the GBRAs in place in connection with the building of the plants and that along with that, has a stay-out through 2018, I believe. And then in Indiana, we've been pursuing the T-disc, the grid investment, which will give us an ability to track and that will in hearing hopeful to get approval in Indiana, which will give us an opportunity to reset prices for those investments. And we'll continue to monitor whether load trends and other things would change our timing in Indiana, but we believe the tracker that we're pursuing is the highest priority rate activity in that jurisdiction.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jim von Riesemann with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: I am all set. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jim.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: We'll move to our next caller then, Praful Mehta with Citi.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi, guys.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hello.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hello.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): So, my quick question was, you mentioned on growth on the gas side that you might look at other gas assets. So just to clarify, are you talking about building on your platform for gas with acquisitions or are you looking for organic growth to build on your gas platform?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: The first objective is to close the sale, or close the purchase of Piedmont Natural Gas. And we believe that we'll have organic growth opportunities within that platform not only for new customer additions but expansion of the interstate pipeline system in the Carolinas as we continue our strategic move from coal to gas. And then beyond that, for midstream or LDCs, there was a question earlier that address our interest in that. We will consider those types of additions to the portfolio that make sense, complement what we're trying to do. But our primary objective is closing the transaction, focusing our attention on integration, focusing our attention on growth organically as I outlined, and then other opportunities we'll evaluate as they arise.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got you. Thank you, guys. That's all I have.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ali Agha with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hello. Good morning.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hello Ali.
Bill Currens - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning. Can you remind us for this year, the commercial power earnings that you've budgeted, how much of that is essentially coming from recognition of tax credits? Is it almost all of it?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: If you look in the slide deck, Ali, on slide 13, it gives you the full year assumption for commercial, and that business is commercial wind and solar, which as you know have tax credits as an important part of their economics. So, that gives you a range or a perspective on the magnitude of that contribution.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And Lynn, what is the mix between ITC and PTC recognition there?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: More heavily PTC, just because of the nature of our portfolio, Ali.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And what's current the average life of contracts on the PTC side?
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: On the PTC side, we look at PPAs that are in the range of typically 15 to 25 years, in that type of range.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And the PTC benefit, Ali, as you know is a 10-year benefit.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yes.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And you are relatively early in that recognition, right, for most of the portfolio?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You know, certainly, we've been in the business, started modestly in 2007 and then you can look at our kind of capital contribution in growth 2012, 2013, 2014, so I would say early in that PTC period generally.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah. And lastly, Lynn, I know when you provide us full-year guidance, you lay out what you're expecting adjusted ROEs to be across the portfolio as well. And in general, I mean would you say is there much in terms of, because looking at those numbers, it doesn't seem to be, but is there much in terms of regulatory lag that you would say exists in your portfolio that perhaps can be captured in future years or are you thinking generally speaking the ROEs will move when you file those rate cases in the back end of the five-year forecast?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Let me make a comment and then Steve can continue. Steve commented a moment ago, Ali, that we see the potential for rate cases in South Carolina in 2016 that's consistent with capital spending and cost structure and earned returns. And so we do have rate case potential in South Carolina in the very near term. And then later in the five-year period in North Carolina, that will be the result of regulatory lag showing up on capital investment that is occurring now and will occur into the future. I commented on trackers in Indiana and Florida, but at some point, we'll address updating those rates as well. So, I think regulatory lag for any jurisdiction where we have historic test periods or the need to use base rate increases to achieve prices is going to have some regulatory lag associated with it. And that's the careful analysis that we closely watch in determining the timing for filing.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And I would add, as we said in February, we had a slide on our five-year growth and we showed the lag was about 3% negative. And that's an average number over the five-year period. It will vary year per year. And it is as Lynn said related to the jurisdictions where you've got gaps between rate cases and you build up investments during those gap periods. So, we're working on that and planning around those events.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Ali.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Congratulations again, Bill.
Bill Currens - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I wanted to just sort of touch base on the storms. Is there a normal number for storm costs that we should be thinking about in this quarter?
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It is hard to predict storms obviously. The past three years we've seen winter storms that have hit us in the range of $50 million or $60 million a year, but whether that's normal or not, I would hesitate to say. We try to impute an amount that we think about in our budgeting, but you'll have during the summer season the potentials for hurricanes in the Southeast and then in the winter storms across our jurisdictions other than Florida, typically there's the potential. there. Hard to predict, but we've seen winter storms the past three years in the neighborhood of $50 million or $60 million.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. On slide 19, it looks like you guys are indicating that for the utilities, only about $0.01 was impacted by unfavorable weather. And I mean, is that solely because of it seems – it's a little surprisingly, it seems a little low. Does that take into account storm outages that might lower customer usage or, because when we look at slide eight, it looks like non-weather adjusted sales were down 4%, and I think that does not include leap year, correct?
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: That's correct. Yes. Let me give a little color on this. But typically, outages from storms do not affect volumes very significantly, as one point to make there, when you're looking at the whole breadth of things. I would say that the, I always want to say this, when you're looking at a quarter in particular, short periods of time, you have to be careful about weather normalized data. I think the first quarter of 2016 was mild, particularly March, and I don't know whether we pulled all of the weather impacts out appropriately in the first quarter of 2016. Correspondingly, the first quarter of 2015 was very, very cold. And I don't know whether all of the weather was pulled out of that quarter as well. So you're comparing these two weather normalized periods, and it shows that the weather impact may not have been that significant. I suspect that it may have been more mild than what we showed in the first quarter here, but I don't try to guess at what that could be. So we just roll with the data. I like to look at the 12 months rolling more critically there. We did as we acknowledged it, it was a bit of a soft quarter, but I think the 12-month rolling numbers are in line with what we've been forecasting. And I would want to emphasize that in response to a relatively weak load, we have aggressively pursued our cost structure to offset that. That's part of our long-term plans.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You know Paul, the only thing I would add to it is, we have standard methods of identifying what is weather related and non-weather related. And what Steve is commenting on is those standard methods can be impacted in periods where there is extreme temperature. So extreme cold or extreme warm weather that we experienced in March. So that all leads us to look at longer time periods, so that we don't have those anomalies that could exist in any quarter. And that is really what has led us to this 12-month rolling average discussion on load because we think that is more indicative of trends we're experiencing. And as you can imagine, we watch this really closely and manage the business for a low load growth environment.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Excellent. Thanks a lot.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And our final question will come from Andy Levi with Avon Capital. Please go ahead.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Hi. Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Andy.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Andy.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: How you guys doing?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well.
Bill Currens - Vice President-Investor Relations: Yes, sir.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: You're one of the best ever, even though you never won that award, okay. I just want to say that. I would have given you that award.
Bill Currens - Vice President-Investor Relations: You just gave it to us, so thank you.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Okay. But maybe next year Michael will win it, so. Actually I think most of my questions have been answered, but just back on the sales. So leap year is what, about 30 basis points on an annual basis, is that?
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: That's roughly right, Andy.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Right, so I guess for the quarter, you times up by four or something like that, or is that not the right math?
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah I think you could get in the ballpark there, and it's a little, that's a rough way to do it.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Right.
Steven K. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: But again, I think getting weather normalized data is as much art as science and when you get an extreme period like we had in March and comparing it to an extreme period like a prior year, I think you can get fluctuations that make that comparison a little distorted. We think our customer growth and volumes are in line with our broad prediction levels and we'll keep an eye on it.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: What do you guys think, I mean just in general, because it's not just you who are seeing like decent customer growth or weak sales trends and it's not just this quarter. Is it still energy efficiency or what else could it be?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: The other thing that we look at, Andy, is multifamily housing versus single family homes. We're starting to see some positive trends in the Carolinas where there are more single family home construction opportunities. But coming out of the economic downturn, a lot of the growth was in multifamily units, which by their footprint use less energy than a home. So, I think we're closely monitoring this and the call to the action for us is to ensure that our cost structure and the way we manage our investments and assets are consistent with the trends we're seeing at the top line. And we believe we have a demonstrated track record in managing our business that way.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Yeah. And then, just in general I guess, international is doing better than expected. Part of that is the tax benefit; part of that is hydro and then I would assume for the second half of the year, you'll have some tailwind from currency if things kind of stay where they are. So that's a positive for this year. But it also seems that the utility itself, because of the sales trends and I guess lack of rate increases, seems to be towards the low end of your range at this point. Again, it's early in the year, but is that a fair statement?
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Andy, we're on target for the range of $450 million to $470 million that we talked to you about. This is the first quarter. I think to give you any more specifics on placement within the guidance range is just premature. As you know, the third quarter is our most significant quarter, and we're managing the business with identifying rate increase opportunities. Steve talked about South Carolina of course watching costs as part of that. And we'd like to see a longer trend on the sales growth to continue to monitor where that is progressing. So on track to achieve what we set out to achieve at the beginning of the year.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Okay. Thank you very much, and Bill, again congratulations. I think you'll be a great Controller and keep everyone in the straight and narrow, because I guess that's what a Controller does, and I'm sure your kids will be happy to spend more time with you than they have for the last few years.
Bill Currens - Vice President-Investor Relations: All right.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Andy.
Bill Currens - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Andy.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Yes.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: With that being our last question, I'll turn the call back to Lynn Good for closing comments.
Lynn J. Good - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Yolanda, thank you. And thanks everyone for hanging in with our fire alarm and our farewell to Bill Currens and welcome to Mike Callahan today. And most of all, thank you for your interest and investment in Duke. We look forward to meeting with many of you over the next several weeks and months and look forward to continue discussions. So, thanks again.
Operator: That will conclude today's conference. Thank you all once again for your participation.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bill Currens - Vice President-Investor Relations Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Brian J. Chin - Analyst, Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Analysts: Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners Daniel L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Hugh D. Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Operator: Please standby, we're about to begin. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Duke Energy Year-End 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Bill Currens. Please go ahead.
Bill Currens - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, April. Good morning everyone, and welcome to Duke Energy's fourth quarter and full year 2015 earnings review and business update. Leading our call is Lynn Good, Chairman, President and CEO; along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide two presents the Safe Harbor statement, which accompanies our presentation materials. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on duke-energy.com and in today's materials. Please note that the appendix to today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures. Before turning the call over to Lynn, I would like to give you an update on staffing for the Duke Energy IR team. After over two years with the team, Charlie Tapp will be shortly assuming new responsibilities within the Duke Energy organization. Therefore, this will be his last earnings call. I am very excited for Charlie, as this is a fantastic career move for him. Many of you have work closely with him over the past few years, and I hope you will join me in congratulating him on this fantastic move. With that, I will turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Today, we reported 2015 adjusted earnings of $4.54 per share in line with the year ago. I'm pleased with the solid performance and operational execution of our core regulated businesses despite record mild December weather. These results largely offset challenges throughout the year in our International operation. As a sign of confidence in the future, our board, last year, doubled the growth rate of the dividend, a key component of our investor value proposition. During today's call, we have several objectives. First, I will highlight how we are strategically positioning the business portfolio and investing for the long term. Then I will discuss our 2015 operational highlights, including our industry-leading safety and environmental performance. Steve will provide a financial update, with our outlook for 2016 and beyond. Turning to slide four, I'll begin with a broader discussion of our strategy, which provides an important context for the five-year financial plan that Steve will cover. Our industry is undergoing transformation with new technology, evolving customer expectations, increasingly impactful public policies and abundant low-cost natural gas. These factors will have a profound impact on our business in the years ahead and are enforming our strategic investments. We are focusing our long-term strategy on our core domestic, regulated businesses and our highly-contracted Renewables portfolio. We will invest an increasing amount in the electric grid, to strengthen reliability and resilience and enable new customer solutions. To advance reliable, cost-effective power and a lower-carbon future, we will invest in natural gas generation and infrastructure, as well as build on our rapid expansion and renewable technologies. We will also invest to maintain our valuable nuclear and clean coal assets. We enter this period of industry transformation with a strong regulated business, and we've demonstrated strength and operational excellence, sustainable cost management and regulatory execution. These capabilities will continue to underpin our success in the years ahead. An important part of this strategic focus is our decision outlined on slide five to engage advisors and pursue and an orderly exit of our Latin American generation business. This business has been an important part of the Duke Energy portfolio over many years, providing both earnings and cash flows. However, the returns over the last two years are inconsistent with our commitment to investors to provide predictable, stable earnings and cash flows. We believe there will be demand for this international portfolio at a reasonable valuation. Because we are early in the process, it is premature to establish a specific timeline for a potential transaction. The proceeds will be used to strengthen our balance sheet and help fund the growth in our core businesses. We expect that a sale will be dilutive. Nonetheless, the strategic exit significantly improves our risk profile and enhances our ability to generate more consistent earnings and cash flows over time. On slide six, I will update on our pending acquisition of Piedmont Natural Gas. This investment is also an important element of our focus on natural gas infrastructure and customer solutions. Piedmont is a regulated natural gas infrastructure and local distribution company in the Carolinas and Tennessee. It operates gas infrastructure that supports our gas-fired generation in the Carolinas and provides valuable natural gas solutions to customers. We are obtaining a high-quality asset with an excellent management team, exceptional customer service and strong rate base growth prospects. Piedmont's highly-regulated gas businesses and constructive regulatory jurisdictions fit well with our strategic direction. We expect that the transaction will be accretive in 2017 with the level of accretion growing over time through incremental capital investments and integration of Piedmont operations. We've made good progress in obtaining the required approval. The Federal Trade Commission has graded early termination of the Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period, and Piedmont shareholders have approved the transaction. We are awaiting approvals from the North Carolina and Tennessee Utilities Commission. We are still targeting to close the transaction by the end of this year, and in the meantime, merger integration efforts are well underway, so that we are ready to hit the ground running immediately after the close. As outlined on slide seven, you can see the series of strategic transactions that we have made since 2012 to realign our business portfolio to drive more stable earnings and cash flows. The exit in International and acquisition of Piedmont will complete the transition. This repositioning provides an outstanding foundation for growth and investment for the remainder of this decade and beyond. Before I turn the call over to Steve, let me highlight on slide eight several important operational achievements in our progress, advancing our strategic investments during 2015. I'm proud of the 28,000 Duke Energy employees who are here day in and day out for our customers. Our customers count on us to provide safe, reliable, environmentally responsible energy every day. We completed 2015 with an industry-leading safety record, significantly reducing OSHA recordable incidents and our total incident case rate. Our work is never complete on this front, but I'm pleased with the focus and alignment throughout the organization on safe, event-free operations. We also significantly reduced the number of reportable environmental events in 2015. We have taken what we've learned from the Dan River spill in early 2014 and applied it throughout our organization to strengthen operational discipline and results. We have also built world-class capabilities to accelerate the safe closure of our ash basins and are on track to continue advancing the support and work in 2016. Likewise, our Edwardsport IGCC facility in Indiana continues to improve its operational performance, delivering the third consecutive year of improved output and gas supplier availability. We also made great progress on a number of our strategic growth initiatives during the year. As mentioned and consistent with our strategy, we are modernizing the electric grid and modernizing the generation portfolio, including investing in natural gas and utility-scale solar. During 2015, we completed the North Carolina Eastern Municipal Power Agency asset acquisition, which strengthens our generation portfolio in the Carolinas. We also announced plans for the Western Carolinas modernization project, which adds new natural gas and solar generation. We made updated filings for grid modernization in Indiana and continue to advance utility-scale solar investments in the Carolinas and Florida. In our Commercial Portfolio, we continue to grow our Renewables business throughout the U.S. In fact, we installed around 600 megawatts of new wind and solar assets in 2015, surpassing our original objective. Our natural gas pipeline investments will supply our customers with low-cost fuel and provide supply diversity, while delivering great returns for investors. The Sabal Trail pipeline received FERC approval earlier this month, while the Atlantic Coast Pipeline made its formal FERC filing late last year. In closing, strategic investments that provide value to customers underpinned by excellent operations will deliver stable and predictable growth in earnings and dividends for our shareholders for years to come. Now, let me turn the call over to Steve.
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Lynn. Today, my comments will focus briefly on 2015, and I will spend the majority of the discussion on 2016 guidance and our long-term growth prospects in our core businesses. We have extended our long-term earnings growth objective from three years to five years through 2020 to better align with our capital forecast or expected rate case activities and the completion of our portfolio transition. I'll begin on slide nine. In 2015, we delivered adjusted diluted earnings of $4.54 per share, slightly below our full year guidance range. Our fourth quarter results were impacted by very mild weather. In fact, weather in the month of December impacted our results by $0.12 as temperatures in the Carolinas averaged around 10 degrees above normal. For the full year, strength in our core businesses, our regulated utilities and our Commercial Portfolio of renewables and gas infrastructure, as well as early execution on a number of strategic initiatives, helped us offset weakness in our International business. Our core businesses delivered $4.15 per share on a weather-normal basis, representing an average annual 5.5% growth rate from our base year of 2013. And our International business delivered $0.33 per share. For more detailed information on our financial performance in 2015, please refer to the supporting materials that accompanied today's press release. Our 2016 adjusted earnings guidance range, which we are introducing today is $4.50 to $4.70 per share. The midpoint of this range assumes a contribution of $4.30 per share from the core businesses, which represent 4% growth over 2015. The midpoint also assumes $0.30 from International, which is down slightly from 2015. Let me walk you through the key drivers in our businesses from 2015 to 2016. Within the regulated utilities year-over-year weather-normal growth will be primarily driven by the deployment of almost $5 billion in growth capital. Retail load growth of 0.5%, the full year impact of our recent acquisition of the NCEMPA assets, as well as lower O&M costs. Lower O&M reflects our confidence in continuing to drive cost out of our business. I will review this further in a moment. Within our Commercial Portfolio, we plan to invest $1.5 billion in Renewables, and our pipeline joint ventures. Additionally, we realized a full year of benefit from the prior-year accelerated stock repurchase. These growth drivers are partially offset by regulatory lag in certain jurisdictions, as we will not have any significant base rate increases in 2016. The loss of earnings from the Midwest generation business, which was sold in 2015, will also be a partial offset. At International, we expect 2016 earnings of $0.30 per share. In Brazil reservoir levels have improved during the rainy season, which runs through April. As a result, we are assuming a return to normal dispatch of the hydro generation in Brazil after the rainy season, lowering our purchase power costs. This improvement in the Brazilian hydro operations is expected to be offset by the declining Brazilian exchange rates and low Brent crude oil prices, which impact National Methanol's level of profitability. Let's shift to discuss the components of our long-term growth. With the pending exit of International, we believe the appropriate focus for our long-term growth discussion should be centered around our core businesses. Through 2020, our core businesses are well-situated to grow within 4% to 6% off of their 2016 base of $4.30 per share. On slide 10, we have developed a base plan that will deliver 4% to 5% growth. We have also defined incremental growth opportunities that, if achieved, will deliver toward the higher end of the range, or 5% to 6% growth. Our base plan is largely driven by the deployment of between $22 billion and $25 billion of growth capital in our regulated utilities and between $3 billion to $5 billion in commercial renewables in our gas pipeline investments. This base plan also assumes weather-normalized retail load growth of 0.5% per year from 2016 to 2020, consistent with the past several years. As a reminder, every 50 basis point improvement in retail load growth provides about 1% earnings per share growth. In order to accommodate modest organic retail sales growth, we are targeting flat O&M cost through 2020. And, as you know, our track record in cost management has been very good. To achieve the high end of our long-term growth rate, or 5% to 6%, there are incremental growth opportunities that provide upside potential. They include retail load growth higher than our base plan assumption of 0.5%, supported by strengthening economic conditions in our service territories. More on that in a moment. The acquisition of Piedmont Natural Gas, which is expected to be accretive to earnings per share, is additive to our growth rate as we move forward. Other growth opportunities exist in our wholesale business, in the form of new contracts. In addition, we also have opportunities to deploy more discretionary growth capital than what we have assumed in our base plan. Those investment opportunities include additional commercial and regulated renewables, further modernization of the generation fleet and additional gas infrastructure investments. Turning now to slide 11. I'll discuss in more detail our regulated investments over the next five years. The combination of these investments supports the growth rate in our regulated earnings base of approximately 5% from 2016 through 2020. Our capital deployment is directed to the strategic priorities that Lynn discussed: customer focus grid investments, new gas and renewable generation investments and natural gas infrastructure, as demand for gas increases. We expect to invest nearly $8 billion expanding our regulated electric grid infrastructure, including improvements in technology. These investments will enable us to improve the reliability of the grid, reduce outages and restore service faster, and provide real-time information to our customers. We also plan to invest around $8 billion in new generation, including natural gas and renewable assets, as we continue to build an energy system for the future and reduce emissions even further, while maintaining the service reliability our customers expect. Finally, we expect investments of $3 billion for environmental compliance. This amount covers steam effluent requirements and cost to close the initial high-priority coal ash basins in the Carolinas. Our earnings growth from 2016 to 2020 is strong, but not linear, due to the timing of capital deployment and subsequent rate recovery. We see earnings growth accelerating in the 2018 to 2020 timeframe, due to several factors. First, grid and customer investments in Ohio and Indiana build over time and are recovered through rate riders later in the five-year period. Second, our investments in new generation in Florida and the Carolinas, as well as our gas pipeline infrastructures projects, will begin to accelerate in 2018 through 2020. Third, we will be filing a number of rate cases in this time period across many of our utilities in order to recover our capital investments. We expect to file a rate case in Duke Energy Ohio in 2016 and Duke Energy Kentucky in 2017. We also expect cases in the Carolinas in the back half of our five-year plan. We continue to fine tune specific timing based on our capital spending projects, such as the Lee Combined Cycle, the Western Carolinas Modernization Project, and coal ash basin remediation. We have further details of our capital spend and recovering mechanisms by category of investment in our appendix materials. Moving ahead to slide 12. I'll discuss some trends we're monitoring related to our retail load. We are planning for modest growth of 0.5% over the next five years. However, there are a few developing trends that give us optimism for some upside over the coming years. The labor market continues to strengthen, with unemployment and median household incomes improving. Jobs are being created in our service territories, as the Carolinas and Florida were among the top 10 in job growth in 2015. We continue to forecast strong growth in the number of customers, particularly, in the Carolinas and Florida. Additionally, usage per customer which declined during 2013 and 2014 has been essentially flat for the past three consecutive quarters. Certain sectors of the industrial class, such as construction and automotive, remains strong, while the strengthening U.S. dollar has challenged other sectors, such as the steel industry. The strength of our service territories is also supported by robust economic development activities, attracting new businesses and jobs. In 2015, these activities led to the announcement of $3.5 billion in capital investments and over 12,000 new jobs in our six-state service area. As we are planning for a period of sustained modest low growth, it is important that we efficiently manage our cost structure. As outlined on slide 13, we've been successful holding costs down in the past and are targeting to keep our non-fuel O&M costs flat through 2020. The Progress Energy merger integration initiatives focused heavily on the consolidation and optimization of our corporate centers. We made significant investments integrating our IT, HR and financial systems to common platforms. We are now rolling out similar initiatives to the operational parts of the organization in order to achieve our target of flat O&M through 2020. Slide 14, shows a our high-level 2016 cash flows and financing plan. As I mentioned in my opening, our strong balance sheet and credit quality are foundational to our overall financial objectives. Our focus on the core businesses creates a better risk profile, with more predictable and stable earnings and cash flows. We design our financing plans and target credit metrics with those objectives in mind. Our five-year plan includes $700 million of DRIP equity after 2017, designed to bolster the balance sheet to continue funding the increasing level of growth investments we expect in the back end of the planning horizon, such as the Atlantic Coast pipeline and new gas generation. Our financing assumptions outlined on this slide do not include the acquisition of Piedmont Natural Gas or the sale of International. We plan to issue between $500 million to $750 million of equity through a forward structure and will finance the remainder with debt at the holding company upon closing. Proceeds from the sale of international will be used to strengthen our balance sheet, helping to fund growth in our core businesses. Now I'd like to provide some perspective on the recent five-year extension of bonus depreciation benefits. This extension will generate cumulative after-tax cash benefits of about $3 billion. However, due to our federal net operating loss tax position, we will see total improved cash flows of around $1 billion, but in the back end of our planning horizon. In the short-term, our federal tax position will keep us from recognizing the manufacturing deduction through 2018, impacting our annual earnings by around $0.05 per share. Moving to slide 15, let's talk about our dividend. We have probably paid a quarterly dividend for 90 consecutive years. Last year, our board approved a 4% increase to the dividend, which was double the previous annual growth rate of around 2%. We continue to target annual growth and the dividend consistent with our long-term 4% to 6% earnings growth. Our dividend is supported by the strong cash flows from our core businesses. Our regulated utilities are distributing between 65% and 70% of their earnings to the parent during the planning horizon, providing strong support to the dividend. Additionally, during the period, we continue to hold the International business. This segment will generate annual cash flows of between $200 million and $300 million to be distributed to the parent. Through 2020, our dividend payout ratio is expected to be between 70% and 75%. We are comfortable with the payout, given the quality of our lower risk core businesses and their more stable earnings and cash flows. I'll close with slide 16, which summarizes our key investor considerations. Duke Energy has tremendous scale, offering an attractive investor value proposition, which includes balanced growth in earnings and dividends over time. We are confident in our ability to grow our core businesses between 4% and 6% through 2020. We will also maintain a strong balance sheet to ensure reliable access to the capital markets, while we finance this growth. With that, let me turn it back over to Lynn for some closing thoughts.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: So, thank you, Steve. Before we take your questions, I just want to underscore a few points that are summarized on slide 17. We are strategically responding to the transformation that is occurring in our industry. We're simplifying our business portfolio to focus on our growing core regulated businesses and our highly-contacted Renewables portfolio. We're enhancing customer value by investing in the grid to improve reliability and the customer experience, while also investing in new natural gas and renewable generation resources, as we prepare the business for a lower carbon future. We operate in strong jurisdictions that are positioned for customer growth over the coming years. Our efficient cost structure, coupled with low natural gas prices allows us to make significant investments, while maintaining very competitive rates for customers. Taken together, the predictable stable earnings and cash flows that we are positioned to generate will support attractive earnings and dividend growth for our investors in the years to come. Now, let's open up the line for questions.
Unknown Speaker: Operator : Thank you. And, we'll first hear from Shahriar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Good morning, Shahriar.
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Shahriar.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: Thanks for the additional color on the LatAm assets. Lynn, in your prepared remarks, you kind of highlighted some dilution. So, when we're thinking about net proceeds and the cash you still have left to repatriate, I think it's about $1.5 billion. Should we offset this from a sale amount? So, do you kind of lose these cash flows in a pending sale, or is this cash that sitting in an account that's at your disposal which is additive to evaluation?
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Shahriar, we think about it as acceleration of the amount planned for repatriation. You may recall when we set forth the dividend, it was over a seven-year period,, and it basically represented cash flow that would be generated over that period. So, we've harvested about $1.5 billion, we have $1.2 billion to go, and you can think of part of the proceeds as being acceleration of that.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: Excellent. And then, just for the proceeds, should we think a little bit more de-levering or potentially lower equity needs?
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: As we look at everything that we've laid out here, Shahriar, the proceeds from International will go a couple of places. One bank to accelerate that repatriation that I just talked about. Those cash flows are already in the plan, we're just brining them forward. And then we will use the rest of the proceeds to fund the growth. So, as we laid out the combination of DRIP equity, whether we take to finance, Piedmont, the growth capital that's in the plan, proceeds of International are part of that financing picture over the five-year period.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: Got it. And then just lastly, really big jump in renewables for the placeholders. Is that sort of extension of the tax credits, or what's driving that?
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: We have been investing kind of in the range of $500 million to $1 billion for some time, Shahriar, and look to continue that. I think the extension of the credits creates opportunities to do it, but we will continue to be opportunistic if we find projects that may (27:29) return expectations, we'll continue to invest.
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And that's right. And I would add, our placeholder is about $500 million per year, and we've been able to find investments at that level for the past several years.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: Excellent. Thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Thank you.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Dan Eggers of Credit Suisse.
Daniel L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey good morning, guys.
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Dan.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Hi, Dan.
Daniel L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Just – I mean, Steve, if you can go back to the bonus appreciation conversation a little bit and maybe kind of layout when you see those cash flows actually affecting rate base, it seems like the timing will differ when you affect rate base, and we'll have much bearing on when you file the Carolinas cases, as they come towards the back end of the decade?
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. So, let me give a little background on the bonus here. We would expect, Dan, to get about $7 billion of additional deductions from this extension, that translates to maybe $2.73 billion of reduced taxes, but only $1 billion of that's going to be within our planning horizon. We are currently in an NOL position. We weren't expecting to be significant tax payers until 2018, so all that shifts out by two years or three years there. So, it's backend loaded for us looking at the corporate level. So, as we plan rate cases in the back half of this period, we don't see huge impacts necessarily on those filings there. Now, I will say that every utility has its own standalone NOL computation and structure, so there may be some effect on some of these filings in different jurisdictions, as we do the standalone filings. But we have, again, not a dramatic impact, because we're already in this NOL position.
Daniel L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): So we shouldn't think of the bonuses having a substantive effect on kind of the rate of growth that you've had before or as of today?
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Not during this period through 2020. I don't think it is substantive. The biggest impact on earnings, as we said earlier, is the loss of the manufacturers' deduction of about $0.05 a year through 2018.
Daniel L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And I guess anything about getting the International proceeds back in? What are the opportunities when you kind of look at the list of things you could do that look most compelling as to redeployment of that capital? Is there transmission spending, is there infrastructure spend? Where do you think you can ramp up and reuse that cash?
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Dan, in looking at what we've laid out, we think discretionary spending opportunities against – exist throughout our portfolio, whether it's additional grid investment, whether it's additional renewables conversions of our coal fleet to natural gas, transmission is a part of it. But our transmission build has been slow and coming. We have the pioneer project under construction, but we continue to be in development mode there. So, I would look at the discretionary capital as opportunities that exist throughout our portfolio. I would add gas infrastructure to that, perhaps I didn't emphasize that, but gas infrastructure around the Piedmont acquisition and further expansion of the pipelines.
Daniel L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And I guess one last question is on the dividend. If you look where the dividend's going to be in 2016, against kind of the $4.30 baseline earnings, it kind of puts that payout ratio maybe a bit higher than even the targeted range. How do we think about the growth rate beyond this point, post International sale?
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: We move the growth rate up to 4%, Dan, as you know this year. And the dividend is extraordinarily important. Our commitment to investors to continue to grow it remains unchanged. As we look at this transition in the portfolio, what we're moving to is a lower risk, more predictable, more stable set of earnings and cash flows, which we believe gives us confidence in allowing that payout ratio to trend up slightly. And then over time, if we execute on this plan, as we are committed to doing so, that payout ratio will turn down over time. So, we are confident, looking at this, that we have a growing dividend offering to our investors.
Daniel L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): So you're good at the 4%, even with International sale?
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Yes.
Daniel L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Good morning.
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Stephen.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I wanted to think through the tax shield that you might be able to deploy in terms of proceeds, if you were to sell assets in Latin America. Obviously, you'll have to pay, I guess, local taxes upon repatriating the money, but could you speak a little bit further, I know you talked about your tax position somewhat, but in terms of how we should think about the ability to shield proceeds from taxation when you bring the money back to the United States?
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Stephen, tax implications depend upon the sales price and so forth, and I can't get into any of that, but the – so, we'll be taxable, and we have stripped out basis in the past with our International assets. So, there could be a lower tax basis that could result in a gain. Again, our NOL positioning at our corporate level provides a delay in timing of cash taxes, though, that is useful to us.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: And I think, Stephen, you can think of that NOL position as, in effect, sheltering the timing of the payment of the cash gain on that sale.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Oh, I see. So, as you burn through the NOL over time, then that can reverse itself, but initially, it provides quite a bit of potential benefit in shielding some of those proceeds.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: That's right.
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, absolutely.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And then just shifting over big picture to the Clean Power Plan. There's certainly been lots of interesting developments in that regard. At a high level, I'd love any commentary you'd be willing to provide in terms of how you think about potential implications for your planning, in terms of additional spending opportunities, feedback at the state level? Any further color on the Clean Power Plan would be great.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Sure, Stephen, and I know that's a top-of-mind question for many, because it's such a recent development. And I would describe Duke's position on this as one of continuing to work toward modernizing our fleet. If you look back at our track record of the last five years, we have been consistently moving toward lower carbon sources of generation, and we see that continuing. So as I look at this five-year plan, whether this would stay a Clean Power Plan or not, we believe the plan that we're on is one that makes sense for customers, and our communities, and our states. I think the clarity that'll come from this legal review will be helpful, but more helpful to set pace and timing of decisions in the next decade, so in the 2020s and forward. So I would say our states are still grappling with this, understanding it, thinking through their processes. We will be closely working with them. We're trying to find solutions that make the most sense for our customers and communities. But I think for the near term, the strategy will be to watch the litigation and then execute the plan that we already have in front of us in terms of modernizing our system.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Thank you. Operator : And then next, we'll hear from Jonathan Arnold at Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Jonathan, how are you?
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I'm good. Thank you. Just quick question. From your answers, I think that it's fairly clear you're contemplating a sale of International, but you use the word exit, which obviously could include other scenarios, like a local listing perhaps. Are we definitely talking about a sale, and are you highly confident that that's an achievable outcome?
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: We are talking about a sale, Jonathan. And, I would confirm that we have been working and evaluating options for some time. I think we began providing some visibility to the Street, in the second quarter and third quarter, about some of the things we saw with the International business. We believe we have very high-quality valuable assets. The asset in Brazil is a hydro asset in Sao Paulo. And we believe prospective buyers will share the view of the value of these assets, and we're confident that we can execute. And, at this point, because the process is early, however, we can't give specifics on timing or valuation, but we'll continue to provide updates in the quarters that follow.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And then, on the slide on financing, I think it says that the baseline, it's not assuming proceeds. But, just to be clear, would you – does your $700 million of DRIP, would you still expect to be doing that in the event that you do sell International, or does that actually assume a sale?
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: As I look at this – kind of the whole complexion of this, Jonathan, the $700 million is really tied to accelerated capital spending in that period, Atlantic Coast Pipeline, the gas generation assets, and more infrastructure that we think will be necessary in those periods. We have not had the DRIP on since 2010. And we believe, with the level of capital spending in our core businesses, that that is an important approach. The proceeds for International, you should think about as being an acceleration of repatriation, and that repatriation was already in the plan. And that we believe the remaining amount would be appropriate for delevering, because the International business has provided a source of FFO in our metrics – our credit metrics. And so, as we take those out, we believe it's important for us to delever in connection with the rest of those proceeds. So, if you look at the whole thing together, we believe we can execute the capital that's included the acquisition of Piedmont, the divestiture of International and have a very strong balance sheet and growth rate coming out of that five-year period.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you, Lynn. And just sort of related topic, you talked about wanting to hold investment grade, and you're still on negative outlook, a couple of the agencies, do the – does this plan, do you think this plan keeps your ratings where they are? Or would you be – are you okay with seeing them slide another notch?
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: We believe, we've put together a plan that is consistent with our ratings, Jonathan. I can't step into the shoes of the rating agencies, though, with certainty, but we will keep them informed along the way of our plans. Certainly, the Piedmont acquisition, they have been informed of. We'll share our capital plans, we'll share our commitment to equity, and we'll share our progress in the International business. But we are targeting to maintain our ratings, as they are today and believe we can execute this plan consistent with those ratings.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That's it. Great. Thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Thank you.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi. Good morning. Can you hear me, Lynn?
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Hi, Steve. Yes.
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Good morning.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Great. Thank you. Just a follow-up on the question of kind of thinking about an International sale. Is there a way to give us a sense of debt that might be kind of allocated to International and also maybe corporate costs that's allocated to International, as we're trying to analyze this?
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Steve, we have in-country debt, that I suspect about $700 million....
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: $700 million of in-country debt.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: And as you look at the segment of International, I would think of that as being a pretty standalone segment. One of the things we were trying to accomplish with the delineation of earnings here in the base period, just to give you a sense of what cash flows and what earnings come from that business. So, I think that's a good starting point for you.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Great. And then just a clarification, you said a couple of times on the growth rate that it's not linear, and it's kind of, I guess, lower through 2017 and then higher 2018 to 2020? Are those comments kind of within that 4% to 6% range year-by-year, or could it be like below 4%, let's say, before 2018 and then 6% or above in that 2018 to 2020? Just wanted to get a little more color on that comment.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Yeah. And, Steve, it's not going to be linear. So, if you look back even at the 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, the base numbers that we gave you on the slide, I think it's slide seven maybe – slide nine, because we still have jurisdictions where our ability to reset price comes through a base proceeding, there will be some stare-stop to our earnings as we plan for general rate cases. But if we think about over the five-year period, we'll be situated well within that 4% to 6% range.
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And I think the trajectory within the five-year period have some variability. As you think about implementation of the Senate Bill 560 in Indiana and the exact timing of rate cases that we see in the back half. So, it's a little difficult to be precise, but we're trying to give you a broader picture there that it is back-loaded.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then one last question on coal ash. Could you just remind us where things stand on recovery for the coal ash remediation investments, and just when will we know kind of the recovery plan for that?
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Sure. Steve, we believe coal ash costs are recoverable. We believe they are a part of decommissioning a coal plant and part of complying with environmental rules. And, of course, we have environmental rules in North Carolina, but as you know, there are federal rules as well. So, our focus here in the near-term has been moving through closure planning. We're actually excavating ash at a number of sites and working closely with the environmental agency here in the Carolinas. Our intent would be to seek recovery in connection with a general base rate increase, which as Steve indicated would be toward the latter part of this planning period.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Thanks so much.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Brian Chin of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Brian, we thought you'd call in today, if nothing else to talk about in Duke.
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hello, Brian. Boy, what a (43:09) talking about, but...
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: What journalists do, talk a little basketball.
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right. Oh, my goodness. (43:22)
Brian J. Chin - Analyst, Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I will certainly follow-up offline with you on that, very important. I noticed on – in the back, on slide 57, there's been a little bit of a delay in the construction of this facility, and so DEI share maybe delayed now till early 2017. Is that the sole reason why it's been delayed, is the construction facility? Is there a potential for the ownership stake to change – for that change to be delayed, yet again, down the road?
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: It's only construction, Brian, that's all is going on.
Brian J. Chin - Analyst, Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. That's it from me.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Thank you so much.
Operator: Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. Can you hear me?
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Yes.
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Good morning Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. I would just want to follow up first on Steve's question a little bit further. How are you thinking about recovery in terms of capital versus O&M of the coal ash? They're kind at some split with the latest thinking, as you begin to prepare those filings and get going there.
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Julien, the way I would think about this is whether it's capital or O&M, it is a cost that we have incurred – a cash cost that we have incurred. And this cash cost to the extent that it is outside of rates can be incorporated into rates, at some point in time, in any fashion that the commission deems agreeable to do. We've deferred purchase power cost in the past and recovered it with a return off and on. We've certainly recovered capital costs, say, of a power plant that – prior to its buildup and incorporation into rates. So, I think, conceptually, we just view it as a cost incurred for an extended period, therefore requires financing and recovery off and on in a subsequent rate proceeding.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And, I just want to clarify a little bit more on the discretionary capital budget that you delineated. It seems as an offset, largely, to the bonus depreciation bucket. Can you give us a little bit more sense as to what exactly is in there, the timing of having it realized? I suppose, just getting a sense of confidence there around, particularly, 2016 and 2017, the near-dated spend? How firm are you?
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Since there are a variety of projects, at any point in time, Julien, that we are advancing and working on and planning, and then looking for the appropriate timing, given jurisdictions, given value that we can demonstrate to customers, given potential transactions that could arise. So, they're always in development. And I think, if you look at our track record over the last several years, Eastern Power Agency would have been a discretionary capital item at one point in our thinking. Western Carolina modernization would have been discretionary capital. And so, there are always a variety of projects underway. And I would generally describe, that we have more good ideas, than we actually end up funding. We're trying to make prioritized choice of things that make the most sense for our customers.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And just a further clarification on the latest growth rate bifurcation. If indeed you do – if you close on the Piedmont transaction, would that drive you that 5% to 6%, or would you need to see that in conjunct with other factors, just to be clear about that? How much would that drive you to the upper end? Just I think it (47:13)?
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: We believe its accretive. And on a full year basis, in 2017, it would be accretive to the growth rate, so you can think about it as being above our base plan today, consistent with the way we've represented it on the slide, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Thanks so much.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Hugh Wynne of Bernstein.
Hugh D. Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Hi, Hugh.
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hello, Hugh.
Hugh D. Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. I just want to make sure I understood your question to – your answer to Steve Fleishman's question. Were you all saying that the growth rate in earnings will remain within this 4% to 6% band, but maybe at the lower end in the early years, and at the higher end in the later years? Or were – was the answer that the growth rate across the five-year period will be in the 4% to 6% band, but it could fall outside of that band in the early years and exceed within the later years?
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: So, the way we answered the question, Hugh, was to say over the planning period, we'll be within 4% to 6%, but we would expect lesser growth in the early period, stronger growth in the later period. We did not give specific percentages year-by-year. Our typical practice is to provide a guidance for 2016, and then will continue to work and provide you better perspective on 2017. But I think it's fair to say, lighter in the frontend, stronger in the backend.
Hugh D. Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just wondering if I could ask you to comment on your vision for growth in gas transmission and gas distribution over a five-year timeframe. When the acquisition of Piedmont took place I think that was positioned, in part, as giving critical mass and a respected management team that you could then use to perhaps conduct other acquisitions. How was your thinking evolved around that?
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Yeah, we're continuing to work on the business plan around Piedmont, Hugh. I think if you look at their underlying fundamentals, their growing rate base at about 9% in the jurisdictions that they operate in today. They're, of course – have some pipeline investments of their own. They're on ATP in (49:37) constitution. So, we are building upon that. We're also looking at integration planning. And what our – but our plan is to lay out a more specific gas infrastructure plan, as we get closer to the closing of Piedmont. It gives us an opportunity to finalize our regulatory approvals and set out for you where we think that can go. We took a small step today by showing you where it sits in the overall growth rate of Duke, both in terms of Piedmont and additional gas infrastructure, giving us potential to be higher in our range, but more specifics than that, we will wait until we're closer to closing.
Hugh D. Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Thank you.
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Chris Turnure of JPMorgan.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Good morning.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I wanted to just follow-up on International a little bit here. Could you speak to the difference in performance of the Brazilian assets versus the rest of the generation company in Argentina and Peru and Chile, down there? And then maybe also to the extent that you'd be willing to comment – would a partial sale of the assets still accomplish your goals with this type of strategic move?
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Let me back up and talk a little bit about portfolio, or Steve, do you want to take the portfolio question?
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, go ahead.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: So, Brazil is our single largest asset and contributor to International. If you look at Peru, we've got a combination of hydro and thermal assets. If you look at Argentina, same; Chile, same; and those markets are generally very good markets. I actually think, with the presidential election in Argentina, it's looking better situated for the long term. And so, as we think about an exit, our expectation or intent is to exit the whole portfolio, but whether we exit it altogether or individual assets, or some combination of assets, I think that will remain to be seen as the process continues.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: (52:01) Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey guys. Real quick question. When you look at the regulated utilities, and I know as a group, you're kind of expecting 4% to 6% over a number of years, can you just comment on which of those utilities could be above that into the band, and which of those utilities might be below, or maybe even just higher level? Which of your utilities you see as growing earnings faster versus slower?
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Michael. Let me give you a little bit of color on this, and this changes over time as you move through rate cases and so forth. But Ohio has strong growth, in that it has mechanisms put in place to efficiently turn grid investments into earnings. Indiana is looking strong as we implement the Senate Bill 560, the t-disc (53:02) rider that will allow us to make investments in that area. Florida is solid with the Citrus County, Hines and Osprey facilities coming into play. The Carolinas look at growth in earnings between rate cases as being a bit more challenging. And then you see a big jump in the rate cases as the investments then get turned into earnings. And there's a number of good investments there that are coming with Lee Combined Cycle and the Western Carolinas Modernization, that's later in the period there.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: And Duke Energy progress, Michael, has had very good growth as a result of the Eastern Power Agency acquisition and has growth around wholesale contracts as well. So, we actually look at each utility individually in terms of their growth potential, earnings and cash flow generation, and are always looking for where we can prioritize investment to maximize the value of the total company.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thanks guys. Much appreciated.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Thanks so much.
Unknown Speaker: : Thanks.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Angie Storozynski of Macquarie.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Hi, Angie.
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hello, Angie.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: That was close, wasn't it?
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: I was wondering – okay. So, just a simple math of what's happening. So, you have $0.30 of earnings from International operations, roughly were about $0.10 or even slightly less comes from the Methanol plant, so that's the one – those are the earnings that stay. And you're telling us that the 4% to 6% of growth in your core earnings already reflects some of the cash that is coming from the International operations that are being sold? So, where is the benefit? I mean, I noticed you saying that there is some dilution of the sale, but I mean, that would imply that the dilution is way north of $0.15, right, because I'm looking at least $0.20 of earnings from International operations, and it doesn't seem like I'm gaining anything on the core business?
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Yeah, so I would look at a couple of things, Angie. First of all, the proceeds that accelerate repatriation will delever more quickly, the holding company. And then you do have proceeds that are in addition to the repatriation that will delever as well. So...
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Well, I know, but shouldn't that be increasing my earnings – my core earnings, because I have less interest expense?
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Yes. And the way I would describe this is, we are working through a transition in our portfolio. We're starting at $4.30 with the core business. We will use proceeds from International coming into our earnings over the next five years to provide a source of funding for growth. And National Methanol, with the change in the ownership percentage that will occur in 2017, will only be a few pennies, handful of pennies, they should get out there into that timeframe. So, it is this part of – all of that transition is part of our confidence around financing the growth investments that we've laid out for you in the core business.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Thank you.
Operator: And our final question for today will come from Ali Agha of SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Hello, Ali.
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hello.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Good morning.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: First question, can you just remind us, what is the size of the regulatory lag in the utilities right now? And with the five-year plan, are you assuming a significant dent in that, or does that remain relatively constant in your plan?
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We have described, on slide 10, regulatory lag over the five-year period is about negative 3% on earnings, and that will vary year-per-year. Regulatory lag is depreciation and interest and property taxes, basically on capital investments that are closed prior to a rate case. And that'll build up, then you have a rate case and regulatory lag will drop, and then start building back again. So, it's an average, we looked at it over the period. And it's in the ballpark of 3% negative to the overall earnings trajectory.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And then, second, you alluded to – on the financing for the Piedmont acquisition and the roughly $500 million to $700 million forward equity issuance. Any sense of timing – any particular threshold you're looking at? What that – is it earlier than later? How are you thinking about that?
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well. Let me discuss that a little bit, Ali. We will be looking at doing that fairly soon. We want to have some flexibility here. We looked at doing it in the fourth quarter last year, after the announcement, but we were getting into the holiday timeframe, the markets were a little bit volatile, so we held off. Now, we're in a blackout period, as we're closing the books, and we'll be issuing the 10-K in late February. That will open us up to have the ability to do that, and we'll start looking at the timing of the forward then.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: I see. And, last question, the $140 million of net income that you've assumed for Commercial in 2016 as part of your guidance, can you remind us how much of that is the upfront recognition of tax credits versus sort of ongoing earnings?
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: That represents primarily Renewables in 2016, Ali. There is a little bit of earnings around pipeline transmission and other things here in the Commercial Portfolio. But, the lion share of that is Renewables. And so, of course, it'll influenced by PTCs and ITC. We have a heavier mix of PTC contribution and ITC, just given the mix of assets that we own.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: So, Lynn is that – 75%, 80% of that is tax credit recognition. That's the way we should think about it?
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: I think it's substantial amount or the economics of Renewables is from tax credit. So, there's a little bit in there, as I said, around infrastructures, and not all of its Renewables, but I think your percentage is around Renewable business, so are probably about right. So, I think with the $140 million, you have a sense of the relative size of that contribution.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yes. Okay. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Great. Thank you.
Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, I'll turn the conference back over to our presenters for any additional or closing comments.
Lynn J. Good - President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board: Well, thank you, everyone. We certainly had a lot of material today with the year-end call. Look forward to having ongoing conversations with you over the next few days and weeks as you continue to digest what we're trying to accomplish here. We're excited about the strategy, have a lot to accomplish in 2016, and look forward to having these conversations with you. So, thanks for joining today.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bill Currens - VP, IR Lynn Good - President and CEO Steve Young - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Shar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Brian Chin - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Jim Von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Duke Energy Third Quarter Earnings Review and Business Update. At this time, all lines have been placed on a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for questions following the presentation. [Operator Instructions] It is now pleasure to introduce your host Bill Currens, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir you may begin.
Bill Currens: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Duke Energy's third quarter 2015 earnings review and business update. Leading our call is Lynn Good, President and CEO, along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide 2 presents the Safe Harbor statement, which accompanies our presentation materials. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our Web site at duke-energy.com and in today's materials. Please note that the appendix to today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures to help you analyze the Company's performance. As summarized on Slide 3, Lynn will cover our third quarter highlights and provide summary of our recent strategic and growth initiatives. Then Steve will provide an overview of our third quarter financial results and an update on our economic activities within our service territories, as well as an overview of our earnings growth prospects as we move into 2016 in the future. With that, I'll turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. This morning reported third quarter 2015 adjusted EPS of $1.47 per share above the $1.40 per share in 2014, as favorable weather and growth in the regulating utilities supported our results. Our regulated businesses have performed well throughout 2015 delivering solid financial results. As we look to the fourth quarter, we are narrowing our guidance range to $4.55 to $4.65 per share. This range reflects mild October weather, as well as storm expenses, unfavorable foreign currency trends and the potential for extending bonus depreciation. The extension of bonus will modestly increase our effective tax for the year. Earlier this year, we increase the growth rate of the dividend to approximately 4%, reflecting our confidence in the strength of our core businesses. The growing dividend supports our commitment to deliver attractive long-term returns for shareholders. Our financial results are made possible by the efforts of our people who work every day to keep our plant safe, efficient and reliable, providing our customers with valuable services. Our regulated generation fleet continued to deliver for customers during the critical summer months. Our nuclear fleet achieved a 97% capacity factor during the quarter and our growing regulated gas fleet continued to deliver value for our customers, taking advantage of the low natural gas prices. In fact our utilities have burned more natural gas in the first nine months of 2015 than they did in either of the two prior full years. The Edwardsport IGCC plant continues to operate well, achieving a third quarter gasifier availability factor of around 80%, massing the first quarter’s record. Additionally in July, the facility achieved a record month of net generation. In early October, we experienced heavy rains and flooding in the Carolinas and 500,000 customer outages. We were well prepared and mobilized our crudes in advance, speeding the restoration of service. Like others in the industry we are making progress towards a safe, cost effective closure of our Ash Basins in the Carolinas. Basin closure is underway at six sites and we are working through the approval of closure plans at our remaining basins. I’m proud of the way the Duke team has responded to this important industry issue with excellence and leadership. We are systematically and strategically increasing our regulated business mix through a series of acquisitions and divestitures as highlighted on Slide 5. As well as the portfolio of investments I will discuss in a moment. Last week, we were very excited to announce the plan to acquire Piedmont Natural Gas, which will add a well established natural gas business and platforms in the Duke portfolio. From a strategic perspective, we see this acquisition as the foundation for establishing a broader gas infrastructure platform within Duke, building upon our recent gas pipeline investments and complementing our existing gas LBT business in the Midwest. We plan to leverage the scale Duke with Piedmont’s well regarded management team and excellent operational capabilities. Piedmont has long been recognized as a premier operator of low risk regulated gas infrastructure. We have partnered with them over many years, as they have built and operated the critical gas infrastructure that serves natural gas generation in this region. Piedmont is experiencing robust customer growth and is investing in projects that have constructive regulatory mechanisms providing a strong base to organic growth. These investments are expected to grow their rate base, by an average of around 9% over the coming years. This acquisition is expected to close by the end of 2016 and be accretive to our earnings in the first full year after close. This will increase our total regulated business mix to over 90%, firmly supporting our earnings and dividend growth objectives. We will keep you updated, as we progress through the approval process. Turning to Slide 6. We are also focused on creating long-term growth and value for our customers and shareholders, with investments that will modernize our system, both our generation and our growth for the benefit of our customers. We continue to introduce more diversity to our fleet through low cost natural gas. Construction has begun on a combined cycle natural gas plant at the lease site in South Carolina, while preconstruction activities will commence on the Citrus County combined-cycle plant later this year. Both projects represent a total of over 2 billion in investments and remain on-time and on-budget. Our Western Carolina modernization project also remains on track. You may recall that we decided to retire our coal unit in Asheville and replaced it with a combined-cycle gas plant and a new transmission line, to improve reliability and support growth in the Asheville area. After working through a comprehensive stakeholder engagement process over the course for the summer, we announced yesterday a modified set of resources to support this project, eliminating the need for a new transmission line. Rather than the 650 megawatt gas plant, we will build two 280 megawatt combined-cycle natural gas units with the option for 190 megawatt simple cycle unit by 2023. A total estimated investment of just over $1 billion. This modification allows us to maintain our 2024 retirement schedule, while reflecting important input from our customers and communities. Further, earlier this year we acquired the NCEMPA asset, a project that is a win-win for our customers in the Eastern region of North Carolina. Our two gas pipeline infrastructure project Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Sabal Trail will provide critical access to additional low cost natural gas in the Southeast, helping to meet growing demand for the fuel from our generation portfolio, as well as to serve our customers’ needs. These projects continue to move through the regulatory approval and siting processes. The formal FERC application for ACT was filed in September and we expect FERC approval in 2016. Once FERC approval is obtained, the project can begin construction activities with an expected COD in late 2018. At Sabal Trial FERC approval is expected in early 2015 with the pipeline operational in 2017. In Indiana, we are revising our grid modernization plan under state legislation and we plan to re-file our plan by the end of this year. We’re also making meaningful progress growing our renewable investments both in our regulated footprint and in the commercial business. On the regulated side, we’re on track to complete construction of 128 megawatts of utility scaled solar in North Carolina by the end of this year and our moving forward with investments in both South Carolina and Florida. Our commercial renewables portfolio also continues to grow with demand for wind and solar projects throughout the U.S. is supported by renewable portfolio standards and growing customer demand. We have a number of commercial wind and solar projects slated to come online later this year, which will increase this portfolio to over 2,700 megawatts of capacity. Overall, these growth investments total $20 billion through 2019 and provide the foundation for growth in the coming years. Steve will provide additional perspective on 2016 and beyond in his remarks. In conclusion, we continue to execute very well, providing safe, reliable and affordable power to our customers. Our growth prospects remain strong as we deploy significant capital and critical energy infrastructure investments. This establishes the foundation to provide clean modern energy to our customers and our communities for decades to come. Let me turn it over to Steve.
Steve Young: Thanks Lynn. Today, I’ll review our third quarter financial results and provide a brief look into 2016. I would also discuss the economic drivers in our regulated service territories and the low growth experienced in the third quarter. I’ll ramp up with the discussion of our financial objectives. Let’s start with the quarterly results as highlighted on Slide 7. For more detailed information on segment variances versus last year, please refer to the supporting materials that accompanied today’s press release. We achieved third quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.47, compared to $1.40 in last year’s third quarter. On a reported basis, 2015 third quarter earnings per share were $1.35, compared to $1.80 last year. As a reminder last year’s third quarter results included a $0.43 favorable adjustment for a change in the estimated value of the Mid-West generation business. A reconciliation of reported results to adjusted results is included in the supplemental materials to today’s presentation. Regulated utilities quarterly adjusted results increased by $0.07 per share, driven largely by warmer weather and strong margins in our wholesale business, including the new NCEMPA contract. As we expected, these positive drivers were partially offset by higher O&M related to the timing of outages, increased cost related to NCEMPA and higher storm costs. International’s quarterly earnings declined $0.02 over last year. Continued weakness in foreign exchange rates in Brazil and lower margins at National Methanol were partially offset by lower purchase power costs in Brazil. Additionally, we recognized an asset impairment in Ecuador during the quarter. Our commercial portfolio incurred $0.08 of lower adjusted earnings as a result of the absence of prior year Mid-West generation results due to lower wind resources this year earnings from our commercial renewable business are expected to be around 75 million for the full year versus our original expectation of 100 million. Commercial’s results will be favorable impacted in the fourth quarter by tax credits related to over 300 megawatts of wind in solar generation scheduled to come online. And finally other was up $0.06 due to favorable tax adjustments in the timing of tax levelization as a reminder due to income tax levelization other reflects projected benefits related to renewable tax credits ratably during the year. Once the projects become operational these benefits are reallocated to the commercial portfolio. Lastly our quarterly results benefited $0.04 from the accelerated stock repurchase completed earlier in the year. Moving on to Slide 8, I’ll now discuss our retail customer volume trends. Across our jurisdictions weather-normalized retail load growth has increased by 0.3%, over the rolling 12 months. Within the residential sector we are seeing some positive trends. We continue to add new customers at an annual rate of approximately 1.3%. And we’ve now experienced two consecutive quarters of relatively flat usage per customer. We also continue to see favorable key indicators for the residential sector including employment, personal incomes and spending, as well as household formations. The commercial sector continues to grow modestly benefiting from declining office vacancy rates and expansion in the restaurant and real estate sub-sectors. This growth was partially offset by lower governmental and retail store sales during the quarter. The industrial sector while strong for most of the year has recently slowed, we are continuing to see transportation and building materials gain momentum. In particular, residential construction activities remain strong in the Southeast. During the quarter, we began to experience some weakness in the metals and chemicals subsectors. This slowdown is due to a pause in industrial activity, driven by a deceleration of consumer, business and government spending, a reduction in inventories and the strong dollar which has reduced global demand for U.S. products. Our economic development teams remain active successfully helping to track new business investments into our service territories. So far this year these activities have led to the announcement of $2.4 billion in capital investments, which is expected to result in nearly 7,200 new jobs across our six states. With rolling 12 month weather-normalized load growth of 0.3% we expect to thin towards the low-end of our original 2015 expectation of 0.5% to 1%. Moving to Slide 9, let me layout our key earnings drivers, as we begin thinking about 2016. As has been our normal practice we will provide our 2016 guidance range and updated financial plans in February. For our regulated businesses, we plan for normal weather. We expect growth from rider recovery and AFUDC on major capital investments, along with a full year impact of the NCEMPA transaction and modest growth in retail load. With respect to our cost structure, we continue to build upon the success of our recent merger integration activities. Cost management is an ongoing effort. And we are finding ways to reduce O&M below current levels to match modest sales growth. We expect growth in the commercial portfolio, as we continue to add contracted renewable generation and expect the return of normal wind patterns. The loss of Midwest generation’s earnings contribution is a headwind but it is partially offset by the accelerated soft repurchase. We expect internationals’ earnings have stabilized in 2015 and have the opportunity for modest growth in 2016, largely driven by an expectation for improved high growth dispatch, over the past several months we begun to see higher water inflows and lower market power crises. Further, meteorologists are forecasting a strong Alminio weather pattern through early 2016, which could lead to increased rainfall in Southeastern Brazil. Currency exchange rates are expected to remain volatile but the inflationary provisions in our contracts in Brazil can help to mitigate some of the currency devaluation. We also expect Brent crude oil prices will stabilize in 2016. Now moving to Slide 10, I want to step back and discuss our overall earnings growth objectives. Since 2013, our regulated and commercial segments representing 90% of Duke Energy have delivered 5% earnings growth. As we look at 2016 and beyond. These segments are expected to continue to grow within our 4% to 6% growth objective as we deploy significant capital and critical gas and electric infrastructure investments, including the acquisition of Piedmont, as well as renewable investments in our commercial business. We will also see the potential for rate cases in the Carolinas in the coming years to provide timely cash recovery of these important investments. The remaining portion of the company, the international business has experienced a decline, contributing earnings of $0.67 per share in 2013 and 2014 to about half that in 2015. About half of this decline is due to the three year drought in Brazil while unfavorable exchange rates and lower crude oil prices comprise the remaining half. From this point forward we will believe that internationals’ earnings have stabilized and are positioned for modest growth, consistent with our past practice, we will provide more specific financial guidance in February. We plan to reset our base to 4% to 6% long-term earnings growth off of 2016. This reflects continued strong growth in our core businesses, as well as a more realistic based year for growth in our international business from 2016 forward. Moving on Slide 11 outlines our financial objectives for 2015 and beyond. For the reasons Lynn mentioned earlier, we are narrowing our guidance range for 2015, from $4.55 to $4.75 per share to $4.55 to $4.65 per share. We have made significant progress in advancing our strategic growth initiatives, both in our regulated and commercial businesses providing strong support for our long-term earnings growth objective. Our objective is to grow the dividend annually at a rate consistent with our long-term’s earnings growth objectives. In near-term, our payout ratio will trend slightly above 70%. We are comfortable with that higher range based on the strong growth in our core regulated and commercial businesses. And the cash flows we are repatriating from international. Our strong investment grade credit ratings are important to us, as they help us finance our growth in an efficient manner. I am pleased with our results for 2015. We have successfully executed on a number of key strategic initiatives and delivered strong financial and operating results. Helping to offset the weakness in international, we remain focused on finishing the year well. With that, let’s open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: So this morning, you reiterated your 4% to 6% growth, but also higher yet to be determined 2016 base year and you did drop that footnote you had in the second quarter around DEI potentially being a swing factor in your outlook. Steve is this sort of like what you meant when you mentioned that Piedmont deal would enhance growth trajectory is it less concerns around DEI or sort of what’s driving this increased confidence?
Steve Young: Well, I think what I would refer you to Shar is the slide we discussed 10. Where we looked at our core businesses, when you isolate international with our core businesses they have grown consistently at 5% from 2013 through ’15 and we would expect that to continue. The international business has involved which moved from a $0.60 per year business to $0.30. And that’s been the challenge we’ve had to deal with in 2015, that’s difficult to overcome. So we billion rebasing in ’16 makes sense in light of what international has done.
Shar Pourreza: And it included Piedmont right?
Lynn Good: We expect to close Piedmont Shar towards the end of ’16 into ’17, you may recall from our announcement a week ago that we laid out a calendar. We will work as aggressively as we can to close it but I think a year is a good planning assumption.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, got it. And then just one last question on international, it’s good to see the currencies becoming a little bit less of an issue the hydrology is improving. We haven’t heard much on this lately. Is there any sort of incremental datapoints around the Brazilian government potentially looking at providing some sort of a retrieve to the hydro generators or is this sort of a kind of a dead movement?
Steve Young: There has been a lot of activity in this area Shar, recently there was a technical note that was issued by an arm of the government and that’s really just a document that summarizes discussions to-date, a number of discussions are occurring. The government is targeting issuing effectively an executive order this calendar it remains uncertain exactly when, but that’s their target. And what that order might say is not certain at this point either. So there is more work to be done here. I would say that in general the views of people and the government and the regulators have been constructive with regard to generators in our position. So there is more to come there in the meantime, the injunctions are still in effect and that has provided some relief to us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Dan Eggers of Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers: Hi just taking up on the Slide 11, when you guys, you made the comment about the dividend trending higher than target payout ratio, but also you are wanting to keep with the long-term EPS growth rate. Can you just maybe translate what you’re trying to signal in those comments which seem to be a little bit in conflict?
Lynn Good: Dan, I would go back to the Steve’s comments on Slide 10 with the intent to rebase off of 2016 and move to 4% to 6% from that point forward. We see the dividend trending slightly above 70% in the very near-term. And so if I look at the strength of the dividend, the dividend is really driven by the underlying core business, which is growing quite well and given the investments we have put in place, we believe that it will continue. And so we have confidence in growing it at that rate and allowing payout ratio trend out modestly in the short-term we think it’s a smart decision.
Dan Eggers: Okay. And then on O&Ms you guys have done a good job as far as bringing down costs since the Progress acquisition. What kind of reductions do you see from here as you are a part of that ’16 drivers the idea of bringing cost out, is it a substantial reduction ’16 versus ’15 or is more just absorbing inflation at this point?
Lynn Good: We are still at work Dan on our plans and we’re targeting to absorb inflation plus and we think that's going to be a combination of a number of things that we build a strong foundation on but we are going after productivity and efficiency and the company as you said has demonstrated a great ability to control cost and we see even more potential in to ’16.
Dan Eggers: Okay. And then I guess maybe the last one just on you kind of just calibrated the commercial business and not to get too far ahead on ’16 but commercial is now coming in below where you guys thought the normal baseline would be, do you still feel comfortable with $100 million as your run rate from residual commercial?
Lynn Good: This year we’ve been impacted by wind resources Dan and I think that's a theme that you have seen with others that have significant renewable exposure. So we expect our restoration of that to more normal levels as part of our planning for ’16 and then we do intend to continue to deploy capital in a way that meets our return expectations, so we would expect to see some growth. I think over the long-term the cash spreads and other things will have to be evaluated, but we see ongoing momentum around renewables.
Steve Young: And we have committed projects for 2016 lined up as well to keep the growth going there and also in our commercial portfolio as you move forward we will start to see earnings from our pipeline investments kick in as well.
Dan Eggers: Okay. So just one last one on the load growth trends, you may have had a -- you are below, at the bottom end or a little bit below where you thought you’d be even the customer growth seemed pretty good this year, are you having to reconsider kind of what that long-term growth rate is, is it 0% to 0.5% or do you think there is some discrete usage trends maybe around multi-family housing or something like that that is explaining why usage has been that much of a drag relative to customer growth?
Lynn Good: Dan, I think we’ve been working with a 0.5% to 1% for some time and I think a 0.5% seems to be the range that we’re in. And I think it’s all the things you talked about it is synergy efficiency, it is housing patterns and even volatility in industrial. We had strong industrial growth when you dial back in this quarter. So what we are focused on as we kind of link this discussion to our cost structure, is planning to cost structure that can absorb that variability and also be positioned for modest very low load growth if that's the direction things continue to head.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold: I just would like to understand a little better when you are talking about this rebase on 2016 and Steve, I’m not quite sure whether I have you right, are you saying you anticipate growing at the 4% to 6% through 2016 and then also off of 2016 or implicit within this concept to the rebase seems to be the idea that maybe you weren’t or you want to reposition the range a little bit, I just want to understand what you are saying on ’16, when you made that statement?
Steve Young: What we are looking at Jonathan is we will set a base year or anchor year off of 2016 and then you would see 4% to 6% growth from there. And we think we’ve got to do that given the changes in international we think it’s stabilized and it’s moved from again a $0.60 business to a $0.30ish business going forward. So where we base with ’16 as the anchor we see a 4% to 6% growth there, underlined by the strong core business growth in the track history that it shows and some potential modest growth in international from that new lower level.
Lynn Good: And so what I would add to that Jonathan, if you could look at the Slide 10, you see the regulated and commercial portfolio, the blue bar that's the bar that's growing at 4% to 6% and then you have an international business, which is about $0.30 in ’15 so it would add to that and grow modestly. So that's the direction that we are trying to provide here with expectations for ’16 and then we think from that base, we are in a position to grow at 4% to 6% going forward.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Understood. Thank you. Could you maybe just -- do you have an expectation currently on what -- how pension will look as a driver for next year just specifically or is it a little early to tell?
Steve Young: It's a little early to tell on pension you got to take a look at the discount rate right at year-end, and who knows where that will go, if the Fed raises rates or something that could have an impact on it, I don't think it would be any huge change that we’re looking at in pension expense, at this point but again with it being so sensitive to the discount rate, we would -- it's a little early to say precisely.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: So a couple of questions, I just, these international pressures are not new and in the past you talked about trying to work on a plan and things to offset the international pressures. It just sounds to me like, it just not -- you just kind of changed to, they just are what they are, we’re just resetting the base and then growing off there, because these are just -- became too much. Is that fair to say what happened?
Lynn Good: Steve I would say slightly differently. And in 2015, I think the team has done an extraordinary job of offsetting. What is happened in international, we started the year with an expectation, they would deliver 345 and they’re delivering just north of 200 million. And that’s an execution on strategic initiatives more timely and that’s been running the business slow and taking advantage of good weather and other things that have developed. As we look forward, we did not have an expectation earlier in the year of weather international with rebound, the depth of the currency issues, were difficult to forecast at that time, the economic implications. And so as we sit here, closing the year we see a rebound on water conditions in hydrology, but we continue to see headwinds on currency and economic growth. And so we think it’s appropriate in light of what we see today to establish a baseline of about $0.30 for ’15 on international. And then we do believe it’s stabilized and we see an opportunity for modest growth from there. I think what is important is that the 90% of the business regulated in core has demonstrated strong growth over the period of ’13 to ’15 and we think that will keep going. As a result of all the investments we have put in place and our ability to execute.
Steve Fleishman: And the updated guidance for the international you are now -- are you using kind of current forwards for currency in oil and the like or?
Lynn Good: Yes.
Steve Young: Yes.
Steve Fleishman: And essentially are you -- okay, great. And then just thinking about Piedmont and the context for the 4% to 6% of this 2016 base now just would that -- you talked on the deal announcement of that enhancing the 4% to 6% so if there was no Piedmont, would you still be 4% to 6% or not. Could you just kind of clarify now that you have this new base?
Lynn Good: Yes. So the growth rate is not dependent on Piedmont. We believe the base business itself, the investments that we’ve outlined, the way the business is executing is capable of growing 4 to 6. So we see Piedmont as incremental to the growth rate. And…
Steve Fleishman: But still in the 4 to 6?
Lynn Good: Yes.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then just on the dividend growth and earnings growth comment. Because you’re saying, we’re going to grow the dividend in line with earnings but then we’re above the payout ratio. So kind of by definition you just switch to end up saying about the payout ratio. If that is what you actually do? So could you just kind of clarify your communication there?
Steve Young: Our dividend is growing about 4% now. I believe that we’ll move above the 70% target level for a while. But as we grow we believe we’ll return back to our target level.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs & Company.
Michael Lapides: Real quick question, just when you think about the renewable business. You have had the earnings benefit in the last year or so. Can you quantify and Steve you touched on it, I want to make sure I understand it. Can you quantify the total EPS benefit of the tax credits? And then how you think about replacing that if solar development slows post 2016 and tax credit roll off or PTCs don’t actually get extended?
Steve Young: Michael right now, a lot of the net income bottom-line benefit from the renewables, the commercial renewables business comes from the tax benefits. There is some profitability on the non-tax side in the ongoing margin, but the bulk of the earnings comes from the tax benefits. So your question is when these tax benefits when and if they expire what happens there. I think based on what we have seen and heard now there will still be a market for renewable power as no states are backing off RPF standards and that’s a basis for a lot of the growth here is responding to RFPs to meet these requirements. The PPAs in the contracts may have to change with the absence of the tax benefits. And the pricing may have to change, but we will still structure this business to provide profitability here. I would also add that the cost for the renewables is going down and will help offset some of the tax benefits that exists.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And just how much were for those tax benefits as part of your 2015 guidance. Is that the full piece of commercial that $75 million or just some portion of it?
Steve Young: It’s the majority of the 75 million.
Michael Lapides: Got it, okay. The other thing can the O&M cost savings offset the $0.17 impact of positive weather this year?
Lynn Good: Michael, we are not getting that specific on how each of these drivers impact, so what I would direct you to is think about our O&M spend and we are at work to not only offset inflationary impact to drive those costs lower in ’16. So I think about weather and we always start by planning normal weather and then we’re building up with investment earnings as well as cost control.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Bryan Chen of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Bryan Chen: Hi my questions have been answered guys.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jim Von Riesemann of Mizuho Securities.
Jim Von Riesemann: I got to put my dead head on for a second here. Can you just a talk little bit about how much cash flow is upstream from the regulated utilities to the parent level every year on an annualized basis?
Lynn Good: I think we will probably take that question offline. Jim, I’m not sure we’ve got a cash flow statement sitting in front of us here.
Steve Young: Right, I don't have that with me, we’ll have to work on that a bit Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ali Agha.
Ali Agha: Lynn and Steve just listening to your comments, just so that I’m clear, with normalized weather next year international being modest, some cost savings and then the rebasing, just directionally it appears that ’16 it is pretty much flat to maybe modestly down from ’15 and then so is that fair?
Lynn Good: I think we’ve given you the drivers, if you look at the slide, on Slide 10 to grow the base business at 4% to 6% add to it international with modest growth and so I think we’ve given you a pretty good sense of where we think it will be and of course we’ll give you more detail in February, as we finalize our business plans so that you can understand more specifically how much of it is coming from O&M and how much is coming from each of the business segments.
Ali Agha: Okay. And more near-term in 2015, when you locked of $0.10 from the higher end of the range, is that all because of commercial, is it international being worse, can you just kind of elaborate the change in ’15 guidance?
Lynn Good: So Ali, we have really been working throughout ’15 to offset weakness in international and have been successful in doing that through a variety of things including favorable weather, as well as early closings on the Eastern Power Agency and the stock buyback. As we look to the fourth quarter though we always plan for normal weather, we started out with October being mild, we have storm expense sitting in October, we have a slighter, weaker currency as a result of some of the movements that occurred in September and then we also talked about the extension of bonus depreciation. We don't know for sure, but it feels to us like that will likely get extended and if it does, because of our cash position, it results in a modestly higher effective tax rate for the company. So all of those things considered, we think $4.55 to $4.65 is an appropriate range at this point.
Ali Agha: Steve and on the bonus depreciation front Lynn, I mean the talk is that if it gets extended, it’s a two year extension, I’m just curious of that's how you guys are seeing it and if so can you just quantify, just a bonus depreciation and extension impact for Duke?
Steve Young: We’ve heard various guesses that how long it will be extended, we think there is a good likelihood of at least one year, two years is possible as well, and the impacts for 2015, for one year extension is in the range of $0.04 for us if you go beyond into a two year extension, it could be a similar number just depends on our overall tax positioning the issue for us is we’re toggling in and out of an NOL position and which makes us perhaps unique in the industry, if you are deeply within an NOL or outside of an NOL position. This extension doesn’t have an impact and it depends a bit on when we come out of that NOL position, which depends on other factors. So it's a little hard to predict beyond ’15.
Lynn Good: And of course all the cash flow. Cash flow is positively impacted, if it is extended, so let see if this is giving you as earnings for certain.
Ali Agha: Absolutely. Last question Lynn, so on the international operations is the mind set now look, sort of hunker down and sort of work with the portfolio flat to modest growth, is that sort of the planning now and not really being more proactive and saying, hey does this really fit in the portfolio?
Lynn Good: Our focus has certainly been this year, Ali trying to run the business as efficiently as we can, we focused on cost, I think the international team has done an extraordinary job in a difficult market, we think it stabilized and hopefully, we’ll see a slightly better picture in ’16. I think the portfolio is always under review. The fact that we added Piedmont is consistent with our view that we wanted more natural gas in the portfolio. So that’s an ongoing review, in the meantime we’re also taking advantage of the international cash as you know.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is comes from Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Paul Ridzon: In your release you indicate that for the quarter weather was a $0.09 pick-up at the utility and then when I look at Slide 19 in the deck. I see that last year it was $0.06 below norm, but this year is basically short of normal. Just trying to reconcile that?
Steve Young: Yes. I think that your statements are correct there is some rounding in some of these schedules I believe is the difference in your sense. But we’ve returned to normal weather this quarter last year, it was mild weather.
Lynn Good: And Paul the other thing I would know the share count is going to have a difference between ’14 and ’15, because of the share buyback.
Paul Ridzon: Okay. And then kind of given the pending Piedmont acquisition, what’s going to happen to proceeds from securitization, should that just sit on the balance sheet when you use that cash when you close the deal?
Lynn Good: Yes. So we would expect securitization to move through the process in ’16 Paul. So we don’t come into the cash flow as a company and be used for investments or 4 billion debt in the short-term. But we do see at as the cash flow item that over a long-term basis could be used for long-term investments Piedmont being one of them.
Paul Ridzon: When do you expect that cash?
Steve Young: We would expect to be able to close the securitization in the first to second quarter of 2016.
Paul Ridzon: And then just lastly your latest thoughts around filing rate cases in your regulatory jurisdictions?
Steve Young: We’re looking at filing in I would say in the late teens it depends upon investment plans and other factors there that we’d look at jurisdiction by jurisdiction. But generally we’re looking at rate cases in the Carolinas in the late teens.
Paul Ridzon: And then lastly just a clarification on the payout ratio discussion, if you were to look at your ’15 payout ratio what would you use as the numerator and denominator. I guess 460 would be denominator?
Steve Young: I’m sorry, ask that again, I’m sorry I am not. [Multiple Speakers]
Paul Ridzon: I just want to make sure, how are you thinking about the payout ratio? What -- is it the indicated dividend at year-end or is it the dividend paid during the year?
Steve Young: It’s the dividend paid during the year as it grows over the annual earnings.
Paul Ridzon: So it’s kind of a mix a blend of two years of dividends, because change at mid-year?
Lynn Good: So there is nothing fancy about this Paul. Whether you use an annualized number or whether you use what is paid out I think it’s all a matter of small rounding. I would calculate the payout ratio the way you typically do for every other utility.
Operator: Thank you. There appear to be no further questions in the queue at this time. I’d like to turn the call back to Lynn Good for any closing or final remarks.
Lynn Good: So thank you everyone for joining us today for your interest and investment in Duke Energy. Our fourth quarter earnings call which will also include our updated financial forecast will be held in February and we look forward to seeing many of you in the coming months and at the EEI Conference next week. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Duke Energy we’d like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bill Currens - Duke Energy Corp. Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp. Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.
Analysts: Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
Operator: Good day and welcome to this Duke Energy Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Bill Currens. Please go ahead, sir.
Bill Currens - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you, Shannon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Duke Energy's second quarter 2015 earnings review and business update. Leading our call is Lynn Good, President and CEO, along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide 2 presents the Safe Harbor statement, which accompanies our presentation materials. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on duke-energy.com and in today's materials. Please note that the appendix to today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures to help you analyze the company's performance. As summarized on slide three, Lynn will begin with an update on our principal strategic, operational and financial activities since our last call, then Steve will provide an overview of our second quarter financial results, including updates on economic activities within our service territories, as well as conditions in Brazil. With that, I'll turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Before I start today, I'd like to take a moment to introduce Doug Esamann. Doug recently joined our senior management team and will oversee our Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky and Florida utilities. Doug has over 30 years of experience with Duke Energy, most recently as the President of our Indiana utility. Doug's depth of regulatory experience as well as his customer and strategic focus complements our leadership team. We look forward to introducing Doug to many of you over the coming months. Now, to the quarter. We are midway through 2015 and continue to execute our operational and strategic growth objectives while positioning the company to meet our financial objectives for the year. This morning, we reported second quarter 2015 adjusted EPS of $0.95, which is consistent with our plan. Our regulated and commercial businesses have performed well over the first half of the year. Additionally, we have completed the sale of the Midwest Generation and the purchase of the NCEMPA assets ahead of schedule. This has allowed us to effectively offset the challenging business environment in Brazil. As a result, we remain confident in our ability to achieve our full-year 2015 earnings guidance range of $4.55 to $4.75 per share. In June, we completed our $1.5 billion accelerated stock repurchase ahead of schedule. Further, last month, we announced that the Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend to $0.825 per share doubling the annual growth rate to around 4%. This increase reflects our confidence in the strength of our core business and our cash flows. Our balance sheet provides continued support for growth in the dividend. For the past 89 years, the dividend has demonstrated our commitment to delivering attractive total returns to shareholders. I am pleased with the company's operational performance during the quarter, particularly our response to the extended heat wave in the Carolinas in June. Temperatures were in the upper 90s for much of the month and our system met the increased demand for our customers. In June, we used a record monthly amount of natural gas, approximately 25 Bcf, surpassing the previous month high of 20 Bcf set in July of 2014. Additionally, our nuclear fleet delivered a record second quarter in terms of net megawatt hours of generation. Nuclear capacity factor was around 95% during the month of June. Lastly, our field operations teams met customer needs during the stress of the summer heat and storms. Our ability to meet extreme demand conditions demonstrates the quality of our operations. We've made significant headway on other strategic and regulatory priorities, which I'll briefly cover on slide five. These priorities include investments in new generation, infrastructure and a focus on environmental compliance. Beginning with our investments in new generation. Just last week, we closed on the $1.25 billion acquisition of jointly owned generating assets from the North Carolina Eastern Municipal Power Agency. We closed ahead of schedule, after receiving the required approval sooner than expected. This reflects the mutually beneficial nature of the acquisition and the widespread support we received here in North Carolina. We immediately began supplying power to the 32 municipalities through a long-term wholesale contract. In 2015, we expect a $0.04 earnings per share benefit based upon an expected full year EPS impact of around $0.07 to $0.08. During the second quarter, we also announced the $1.1 billion Western Carolinas Modernization Project. This project includes the early retirement of our Asheville coal plant, which will be replaced by a new 650 megawatt combined-cycle gas plant. We will also build new transmission assets that will improve reliability in the region. Finally, we will install solar generation at the site. The new gas plant is expected in service by the end of 2019 and the entire project will likely be completed by 2020. Before construction begins, various regulators including the North Carolina Department of Environment and Natural Resources and the Carolinas Utility Commissions will need to approve the plan. Our commercial renewables business continues to deliver on its capital growth projects. In April, we completed the 200-megawatt Los Vientos III project in South Texas, which is now delivering power under a long-term contract with Austin Energy. In July, we announced acquisitions of an additional 70 megawatts of solar capacity in California and North Carolina. Our commercial renewables business now has more than 2,000 megawatts of capacity in operation. In July, FERC approved our application to acquire the 599 megawatt combined-cycle Osprey gas plant in Florida from Calpine. The Florida Public Service Commission also voted to approve the acquisition. We remain on track to close by January of 2017 when our existing PPA with Calpine terminates and we have a need for additional generation capacity. Also in Florida, we announced an agreement to purchase a 7.5% stake in the Sabal Trail gas pipeline from Spectra Energy for $225 million. Similar to the Atlantic Coast Pipeline, the Sabal Trail investment will be a part of Duke's Commercial portfolio. The pipeline is expected in service by the end of 2017 and will serve the growing natural gas needs in the state, including our 1,640 megawatt Citrus County combined-cycle plant, which is expected to be online in 2018. Duke Energy Florida and Florida Power & Light have entered into 25-year capacity agreements with the pipeline. Moving to Indiana, in May, we received an order from the Indiana Commission on the transmission and distribution infrastructure plan. The Commission denied our proposed $1.9 billion investment because they would like to see greater detail. We are working on a revised plan, which we expect to file with the Commission by the end of 2015. Modernizing our electric grid will provide great benefits to customers in Indiana, ultimately increasing reliability, decreasing the duration of power outages and improving customer communication. In the second quarter, we made significant progress on coal ash management activities. In May, we began moving ash at our River Bend site in North Carolina after receiving state permits. We are now excavating ash at three sites in the Carolinas. In June, we announced recommendations to fully excavate 12 additional ash basins in North Carolina, bringing the total ash in the Carolinas we have slated for excavation to about 30%. The remaining ash basins are being further studied to determine appropriate closure methods. We are pursuing solutions that balance safety, environmental stewardship and cost effectiveness. Given our efforts over the past year, we are ahead of the curve in adapting to changing regulations our industry faces with ash management. On the subject of environmental rules, on Monday, the U.S. EPA finalized a Clean Power Plan, a regulation aimed at reducing carbon emissions from existing power plants 32% by 2030. The guidelines issued this week are more than 1,500 pages long and among the more complex rules in recent history. This rule sets state specific reduction targets and builds upon the substantial progress we have already made to reduce our environmental footprint. Since 2005, we have reduced our total carbon dioxide emissions by 22% through retirement of older coal units, the transition to cleaner burning natural gas, as well as investments in renewables and energy efficiency. Our plans continue to move us toward a lower carbon future. We will work constructively with our states to identify solutions that preserve the reliability and affordability our customers expect. As we continue to modernize our system, managing energy diversity will be an important consideration. As I look back over the first half of 2015, I am pleased with what we've accomplished on multiple fronts across the business. I'm even more pleased with the groundwork we're laying for the years ahead. We're making strategic long-term investments that will benefit our customers and communities, in addition to supporting growth for shareholders. We're developing and executing strategies that will position the company well in a rapidly changing industry. Now, I'll turn the call over to Steve to discuss the quarter in more detail.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Thanks, Lynn. Today, I'll review our second quarter financial results and discuss the economic conditions in our service territories. I will also provide an update on the accounting and expected costs for our coal ash management activities, and review our results in Brazil. Let's start with the quarterly results. I will cover the highlights on slide six. For more detailed information on segment variances versus last year, please refer to the supporting materials that accompany today's press release. As Lynn mentioned, we achieved second quarter adjusted diluted earnings of $0.95 per share, compared to $1.11 in the second quarter of 2014. On a reported basis, 2015 second quarter earnings per share were $0.78 compared to $0.86 last year. A reconciliation of reported results to adjusted results is included in the supplemental materials to today's presentation. Regulated Utilities adjusted results declined by $0.09 per share, primarily due to a prior year favorable state tax settlement, planned timing of O&M cost, and higher depreciation and amortization. O&M cost increased this quarter due to the planned timing of outages across the generation fleet, and approximately $0.05 due to nuclear outage cost levelization impacts recognized in the prior year. This is the last quarter in which we expect nuclear outage cost levelization to be a significant driver over the prior year results. We are on track to achieve our targeted full-year O&M budget, and continue to look for opportunities to reduce costs. These negative drivers were partially offset by higher margins, resulting from growth in wholesale contracts and weather normal retail sales. We had favorable weather in the quarter, as a significant heat wave gripped the Carolinas in June. Weather added around $0.03 over last year's second quarter, and $0.06 compared to normal conditions. We also experienced higher earnings of $0.03 this quarter from pricing and riders, primarily due to increased energy efficiency programs. International's quarterly earnings declined $0.13 over last year, due to factors we continue to monitor, including the economic conditions and lower demand for electricity in Brazil. As you will recall, International also had a favorable income tax adjustment of $0.07 in last year's quarter, associated with the reorganization of our operations in Chile. Our Commercial Portfolio, formerly Commercial Power, is primarily made up of our commercial renewables business. In the second quarter, we incurred slightly lower earnings due to lower wind production. This decrease in wind production was experienced broadly across the United States. Turning to slide seven, I'll now provide some insight into the second half of 2015, and the key drivers that give us confidence in our 2015 guidance range of $4.55 to $4.75 per share. Through the first half of the year, our adjusted earnings per share of $2.20 is consistent with our plan. The regulated business has experienced favorable weather, and has seen strong growth in wholesale contracts and weather normal retail sales. The sale of the Midwest Generation fleet, as a whole, has been favorable to our plan in the first half of the year. These positive drivers have helped offset continued weakness at International. In order to achieve our full-year 2015 earnings guidance range, we expect higher EPS contributions in the back half of the year, over what we earned in the comparable period last year. There are a few primary drivers that support this. First, we expect continued growth in contracted wholesale volumes, as well as organic growth in retail demand over the last half of the year. Second, we experienced unfavorable weather last year in the third quarter. Assuming normal weather for the remainder of this year provides an uplift of $0.05. Third, the early completion of the NCEMPA asset purchase will provide an additional earnings per share impact of around $0.04. Earnings from our Commercial renewables business should also see an improvement in the second half of the year. We are on track to put over 200 megawatts of additional wind and solar capacity into service later this year, which would bring 2015's total additions to more than 400 megawatts. Related to O&M cost, we expect third quarter O&M to be higher than the prior year, while fourth quarter should be lower. As a result, O&M shouldn't be a significant driver in the second half of the year. Similarly, we expect International's earnings contribution in the second half of 2015 to be comparable to last year. This is not a full list of drivers for the rest of the year, but these represent variances that are likely to occur, based on current expectations. As you are all aware, the third quarter is historically our strongest quarter. We will be in a position to provide more insight into the year after we see those results. Moving on to slide eight, I'll now discuss our retail customer volume trends. On a rolling 12-month basis, weather normalized retail load growth increased by positive 0.1%, driven by strong second quarter growth of positive 1.7%. This was the first quarter we have experienced positive growth across all customer classes in over a year. Although one quarter does not make a trend, this recent uptick is encouraging. Within the residential sector, we continued to experience strong growth in the number of new customers, approximately 1.3% over the same period last year. The growth in the Carolinas and Florida regions has been particularly strong, at around 1.5%. The Carolinas and Florida also saw usage per customer level off, after trending lower over the past several quarters. We continue to see favorable trends in the key indicators for the residential sector including, employment, median incomes and household formations. In fact, the 6 states we serve captured over 20% of the additional nonfarm job growth over the last year. The commercial sector grew by 0.3% on a rolling 12-month basis. This sector continues to benefit from declining office vacancy rates, and expansion in the medical and restaurant subsectors. We've also experienced some growth in the tourism related businesses, in certain markets. The industrial sector grew by 1.3% on a rolling 12-month basis. This growth was led by metals, transportation, construction and chemicals. Additionally, we are starting to see textiles in the Carolinas build momentum. We will continue to monitor the impact of the strengthening U.S. dollar on manufacturing activity. Our economic development teams remain active, successfully helping attract new business investments into our service territories. So far this year, these activities have led to the announcement of another $1.7 billion in capital investments, which is expected to result in over 5,000 new jobs, across our six states. We are encouraged by the continued strengthening of the economy, particularly in the Southeast. We remain on track to achieve our full-year 2015 weather normalized load growth of between 0.5% and 1%. Moving on to slide nine. Let me update you on our coal ash management activities. First I'll cover adjustments to our asset retirement obligations related to coal ash basin closures. As you'll recall, in the third quarter 2014, we recorded an approximate $3.5 billion ARO, reflecting our best estimate to comply with the newly enacted Coal Ash Management Act or CAMA. In April, the U.S. EPA published its final Coal Combustion Residuals Rule in the Federal Register. The EPA's final rule is consistent with our compliance plan for basins in North Carolina under CAMA. However, the final rule did create a legal obligation related to ash basins outside of North Carolina and existing landfills across our system. Therefore during the second quarter, we recorded an additional $1 billion obligation representing our best estimate of cost to comply with the new Federal EPA rules. As of June 30, we now have total ARO obligations of $4.5 billion, which represents our best estimate to comply with state and Federal rules. These costs will be spent over the next several decades. We will continue to refine this estimated liability as plans are finalized. Next, let me summarize our cash spending assumptions for our coal ash activities. In February, we estimated $1.3 billion in spending from 2015 to 2019, to close the initial high-priority sites under CAMA. During the quarter we announced our recommendation to fully excavate 12 additional basins in the Carolinas. Our estimate of cost to close these additional basins ranges between $700 million to $1 billion. Ultimately, we expect these costs will increase our five year capital spending plan that was disclosed in February. However, we are unable to predict the precise timing under which we will incur these costs until the final risk classification is set by the North Carolina Department of Environment and Natural Resources and the Coal Ash Commission. We will continue to provide updates as our plans become finalized. There is still work to do with our remaining basins and we will keep you updated as we continue to refine our estimates. Taking a look at slide 10. Let me provide an update on our International business. As we entered the year, we anticipated challenges at International due to one, the prolonged drought conditions in Brazil, causing thermals to dispatch of hydros for the entire year. Two, unfavorable Brazilian foreign exchange rates. Three, declining earnings contributions from our interest in National Methanol, which sells products that are correlated to Brent crude oil prices. And four, a prior year Chilean tax benefit. We also assume no energy rationing and around 2% growth in demand for electricity. During 2015, reservoir levels continue to be low. Rainfall has recently been above average in the Southeast region of Brazil, where our assets are located. Reservoir levels stood at about 37% at the end of July, higher than the 20% level they started the year. However, they are still low for this time of the year. These conditions have caused the system operator to continue to dispatch thermals ahead of hydros. Additionally, the government is continuing to encourage customers to voluntarily reduce electricity consumption. The economy in Brazil continues to weaken as evidenced by S&Ps recent change in outlook for the country's credit ratings. The softer Brazilian economy, higher tariff prices for end users and the voluntary conservation measures have placed additional pressure on electricity demand so far in 2015. As a result, we now expect 2015 electricity demand in Brazil to be lower than 2014. Taking this all into account through the second quarter of 2015, International's earnings have declined by $0.26 per share, compared to last year. As you will recall, our original full year forecast of International contemplated about $0.12 per share of lower year-over-year earnings. We do not expect these levels of year-over-year weakness to continue into the second half of 2015. We expect the third and fourth quarters to be more comparable to the second half of 2014 for the following reasons: First, the system operator began to change the dispatch order to the detriment of hydro generators in the second quarter of 2014. So in the second half of 2015, generation dispatch order will be similar to what it was in the second half of 2014. Second, the shaping of our contract should create a less significant short position in the second half of the year than we saw last year. Finally, we have seen recent declines in the market settlement prices or PLD. In June and July, these prices fell below the established ceiling of R$388, averaging approximately R$300 per megawatt hour. These lower spot prices should provide some relief as we continue to cover our short position through market purchases, helping offset the impact of lower demand. Our International team continues to manage well in this difficult environment, concentrating on items within their control. We actively are managing our ongoing contracted levels and focusing on our cost management during this downturn. However, we do not expect International to meet its original financial plan for the full year. Before moving on, let me mention a recent development in Brazil that has received some media attention. There have been recent discussions aimed at providing some financial relief to the hydro generators. These discussions are in the early stages and it is difficult to speculate on how they may play out. We'll keep you updated as events unfold. Slide 11 outlines our financial objectives. The balance sheet is strong and our credit ratings are in line with our target levels, allowing the company to access the financial markets on reasonable terms. We are executing our plan to access $2.7 billion of international cash over several years. In June, we returned approximately $1.2 billion to the U.S. The strength of our balance sheet and cash flows helps fuel our growth strategy, support the dividend and maintain low cost rates for our customers. Our dividend continues to be a very important piece of our shareholder value proposition. In July, we were pleased to announce an increase in our quarterly dividend growth rate from 2% to approximately 4%. In 2010, we have been working to reach our target payout ratio of 65% to 70% of adjusted EPS. Now that we are at the high end of that ratio, we will continue to target dividend growth more in line with our long-term earnings growth targets. Let me provide an update on our earnings growth objectives, both short term and long term. We are on track to achieve our 2015 guidance range of $4.55 to $4.75 per share. Near-term headwinds at the International business have been offset by strength in Regulated Utilities and early execution on some of our strategic initiatives. On a longer term basis, we continue to target earnings per share growth of 4% to 6%, underpinned by the strength of our domestic businesses. We are executing on our strategic growth initiatives, which provides a foundation for growth through 2017 and beyond. Our International business however, continues to face unfavorable macroeconomic trends such as poor hydrological conditions and a weakened economy in Brazil. As we look beyond 2015, the extent and duration of these challenges is uncertain. We will learn more as the year progresses, and we'll evaluate the longer term impacts as we finalize our financial plans for 2016 and beyond. We remain committed to delivering long-term value for our investors. With that, let's open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we will first go to Daniel Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey. Good morning, guys.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Dan.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Hello, Dan.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey. On the load growth numbers in the second quarter, I guess both customer gains, weather adjusted usage, both looked pretty good and kind of broke from trend that we've seen the last couple quarters. Should we read much into things getting better and this being perpetuated or this is just kind of the – some of the volatility that comes with quarterly adjustments in numbers?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Well, Dan, as we said, I'm always careful when I just look at one quarter's results. I think we have to always have that in the back of our mind. We are seeing some pretty good trends here, though on a few factors that I will mention. The growth of customers into the Carolinas and Florida has been ramping up from 1% now to 1.5% and that's got to be a good metric there for the future as we move forward. We're also seeing some favorable statistics when we look at new housing starts in our service territories, meaning new homes are starting to get actually built. We're also starting to see a lower number of rejections of mortgage applications which say that people are having the funds to buy a home or a place to live, some of those statistics are certainly compelling. We're always cautiously optimistic on one quarter, but there are some good results here.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: And Dan, one thing I would add that Steve talked about in the script, we've been tracking lower usage per customer kind of quarter-after-quarter and actually, saw a leveling-off of that reduction this quarter as well, which is another thing that I would point to as a bit of a new trend for us.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): When we think about the load growth and you guys were at 0.5% to 1%, this year, I know you've kind of talked about 1% being more of a normalized long-term target. How important is getting to that 1% number to the utilities being able to support their end of the 4% to 6% growth target?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: It's important, Dan. As you know on our sensitivity, a 1% increase in our organic load growth would translate to about 2% earnings growth, and it is essential to us to see growth in our service areas.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): The trends you're seeing right now, are they giving you encouragement that that 1% is feeling a little bit better, after maybe feeling a bit shaky the last couple quarters?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Well, as I mentioned, I think some of these trends behind the good quarter we had in the second quarter do make us feel well. As Lynn mentioned, the usage decline stopping per customer and some of the raw data on employment, median household income starting to pick-up and get a bit of traction in our service territories, do give us some comfort there.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. I'm sure that folks are going to ask about it, but just on the international side. Looking past this year, are you guys thinking that things that are happening this year are structural, or do you think they're situational to these market conditions?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Dan, I think there are a combination of things going on. The hydrological conditions, I believe were seasonal, right. So, if we have a strong rainy season that starts in the fall, continuing into 2016, we may see a situation where dispatch order changes. I think the regulatory body in Brazil has learned a lot about the changing generation mix and how that fleet has reacted in this environment. So, over maybe a short-term to medium-term, we could see some mitigation of some of the pressures there, or changes in regulation that could be helpful to the hydro operators. I think the long-term issues are more around the Brazilian economy. And does the Brazilian economy get traction again, and start growing at a pace that would be more consistent with what we have seen over the last decade? So, I think you've got a combination of shorter-term and medium-term to longer term issues. And so, our focus is to be as transparent as we can on what we see, and we'll continue to update you as the year progresses.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Very good. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Next question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hello.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Shar.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Steve, I think you sort of touched on this in your prepared remarks, but on the injunctions in Brazil, is there preliminary, is there any procedural process that we could follow to see how things are transpiring? And then the second question is, Brazil does have relatively high rates. So is there any talk on how – the potential of passing these costs onto customers?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Yeah, Shar, on the injunctions, in talking with our teams in Brazil, I don't know that there is a set timeframe or schedule that you can look to to determine resolution of this. I think these initial injunctions and discussions around the market by various stakeholder groups are a positive step. But we expect that it will take quite a bit of time to resolve this issue and get new processes and settlements in place. So that's just the nature of the way these negotiations often go in Brazil. So I wouldn't look for a timeframe there. Regarding Brazilian retail rates, they did jump up quite a bit over the past year. And certainly that is something that is on the minds of Brazilian politicians, as to, how do we deal with the cost of this out of dispatch situation due to the hydrology issues? And right now, the hydro generators are bearing a lot of that burden, and the customers have borne some burden as well. That's part of the debate that will be worked upon over the next year or so in Brazil.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Got it. Got it. And then, on slide 11, you added a new footnote, footnote 3. Just curious, this footnote, is it basically inferring that the 4% to 6% is embedding some of the challenges you're seeing in the International business, or it's sort of pending some of the challenges that you're seeing in the International business?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: You know, Shar, what I would say is, given the depth of the challenge we've experienced during the first six months, and the fact that we've seen hydrological conditions, really coupled with some of the complexities around other economic factors, including Petrobras and other things going on in Brazil. That the duration of this challenge is uncertain to us as we look past 2015. So when we look at the back half, we believe the back half of 2015 will be reasonably comparable to 2014. We'll be anxious to see how the rainy season begins, but we need more information and time to look at our forecast for 2016 and 2017. And so, we wanted to just provide some transparency on that, and that's the – really consistent with the remarks we shared with you today.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Got it. Got it. And then just lastly, weaker wind resources was a little bit of a theme this quarter. Is this something that we should think about from a structural standpoint, just given that the El Niño cycle is just starting, or is this something that's sort of a bit of an anomaly?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: I don't know that I've heard anybody profess to understand the wind patterns that well, Shar, that they could predict them. So I don't know that it's anything more than an anomaly now. We're heading into the second half of the year, where the wind traditionally picks up. So we'll get a better idea after that.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Excellent. Thanks very much.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Greg.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Hey, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: So, I just wanted to go over some of the things you said, just to make sure I understand them in terms of looking on actually slide 14, which is your original assumptions put up against your year-to-date results. It looks like you're basically telling us that if International is flat in the second half versus the second half last year, that you're $0.10 behind plan. On the other hand, you're saying you're $0.04 ahead of plan at the utility because of the early close of the NCEMPA acquisition and then you're also – see better results in the second half versus the second half of last year in the Commercial business because of the 400 megawatts of new renewables and that's how you sort of get back to plan. Is that a reasonable summary of what you said or am I missing something?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: I think you've hit on some of the elements there. Assuming normal weather over the last half of the year, and we have had warm weather in July, you get a pick up there. Certainly, the wholesale contract associated with the NCEMPA acquisition provides about $0.04 there. We've also seen growth in our retail load year-over-year, even at modest percents that can add several cents to it. If it stayed like the second quarter's results, it would be more than that. Our wholesale business has also picked up through new contracts with co-ops and munis in the Carolinas and in Florida in particular. So, those are some of the things that we look to to continue provide growth over the second half of the year.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: And, Greg...
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. I understand that. I guess to clarify my question, many of those things were baked into the $2.95 billion budget.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Yes.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: I assume normal weather was baked in there. The wholesale pickup was – you were very, very clear on in your disclosures on the expectation there. So, I'm just focused on what's changed from the plan. I guess you're a little bit ahead of normal going into July which is good, NCEMPA closed early which is good. So, I'd really like to circle back to your answer and focus on what's changed that's not in the plan. $0.04 from NCEMPA...
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: So, let me give it a try.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Yeah, Greg, let me – so, if we step back from this, as we started the year, we expected the back half to be stronger than the first half from the get-go. And then, if you look at the first half of the year, the weakness in Brazil has basically been offset by strength in the regulated business. We had weather that was strong and comparable to last year, even a bit ahead. We had an early closing in the Midwest Generation sale, which gives us incremental. When you go to the back half, we expect the back half to be stronger, wholesale growth, retail growth. Our O&M outage was more in the first half than the second half. And then, we have the sweetener of the NCEMPA transaction closing. And so, the weakness that we offset in the first half with weather and strong results, we don't expect to see in the back half because we think Brazil will be comparable to 2014.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. And that 400 megawatts...
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Does that help?
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: ...of new renewables coming in, in the back half of the year is baked into your $185 million plan or is that stuff...?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: It is.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Yes, it is.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Great. That's much clearer. Thank you very much. Have a good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Julien.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: So, perhaps to follow-up on Greg's question just a little bit and be clear. First, where do you stand in the context of 2015, if you can specify? And then, perhaps more broadly as you think about the 4% to 6%, is there any thought or expectation to update that and specifically rebase at any point or how do you think about that given where you stand on hydro and obviously 2015 is – could be a weather event related, but I'd be curious if you want to just elaborate on the 4% to 6% at this point too?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: So, Julien, we are on plan through the first half. And for the reasons we just discussed, we're confident we'll remain within the range of $4.55 to $4.75. In terms of guidance, our current thinking is that we will approach that in the same way we always do. So, you'll have February of 2016 for 2016 and for the longer-term outlook. We will continue to update you in third quarter on any further developments we see in any part of the business as we also normally do. So that's the schedule we're thinking about at this point.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. But perhaps just more specifically, rebasing, is there any thought process of rebasing the base year of that 4% to 6% at all? And then, perhaps the second bigger picture question if you will, with regards to the Clean Power Plan and I know, obviously incredibly complex as you already alluded to. Could you elaborate how the company is positioning to capture opportunities there and obviously you're involved in many of the key angles that would benefit in theory from the CPP, but could you elaborate how you are thinking about taking advantage of each of those respective niches?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: And on rebasing, Julien, we're anchored in 2013 at this point. We will rebase at some point. We haven't made a final decision on that and we'll update guidance in February of 2016. The Clean Power Plan appreciates those questions and we are continuing to digest, we do not have a definitive plan in any of our jurisdictions. Of course it will impact our IRP planning, and impact our thinking on state-by-state. As I'm sure you're aware, the plan did change emission reduction targets. So we have more stringent targets in the Midwest. We have moderately less stringent targets in the Southeast, North Carolina, South Carolina and Florida. There's a notion being introduced of a market trading platform, which is new, which we'll need to evaluate, and then the compliance period with these incentive credits and so on, in 2020, 2021, I think, will also be something that we digest. So, we're beginning to understand the elements, I think there is flexibility here. It will be important to involve a stakeholder and state process. These are the states' implementation plans ultimately. But we believe that much as we've delivered consistent carbon reductions over the last 10 years, we'll be looking for a way to continue progress in that direction, at the lowest cost to our customers.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Steve.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, Lynn. A couple questions. First, just specific details. So, I think you guys said, you expect it to be $0.12 down in 2015 in International versus 2014 and in the first half, you're down $0.26. So, assuming it's flat the rest of the year, that means you're kind of off by about $0.14 from plan. Could you maybe just break up, what makes up that $0.14, how much is it below average? How much is it the hydro versus some of the other, the economy or currency or other things, at least a rough cut of that?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Yeah, Steve. The bulk of that is – and you're just talking about International, the delta in International?
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yes.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: From the original expectations versus where we're at now, is that correct?
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yes.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Yes. The biggest difference that we're seeing is the impact of informal rationing, if you will, and the weak economy, those two impacts on the demand for power in Brazil. When we set up our assumptions in February, we stated we had no assumption of informal rationing and we had over 2% demand growth. And now what we're seeing is that the demand is actually slightly negative. Because thermals are dispatched first, all of that delta, all of that swing comes out of hydros. And of course, we're a hydro owner here. So that is the big difference that we did not have in the $0.12 downtick for International back in February. And we stated we didn't have any view on rationing in the numbers if rationing came about or lower demand, the results would be lower. So that is by far the bulk of the difference in International.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Steve, one thing I might just point out, Chile, the Chilean tax adjustment that was reflected in second quarter of 2014 is $0.07 of that $0.26 that was planned. We were aware of it. And the additional weakness is in Brazil and NMC [National Methanol Company], the oil prices have deteriorated slightly, but we saw a lot of that at the beginning of the year. And then all the conditions, we've talked about here on further weakening in Brazil is where the larger challenge has originated.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. So when we think about beyond 2015 and if we made the jump that hydro might actually normalize. The issues outside of that are primarily related to the economy, I assume somewhat currency and are those two main issues?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: I think those are two main issues, Steve.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Any thoughts to reconsider strategic alternatives for the business?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Steve, that's a question we've spent a fair amount of time on as you imagine. We thought our process and I still believe our process last year was a good one, very thorough. We were looking at growth, we were looking at cash and we solved the cash, which we believe is important to supporting the dividend. We've already brought home, $1.2 billion of that $2.7 billion. There is no question we're operating in a challenging environment, and all of the factors we talked about today are something that the team in International is focused on. I am pleased with the way they've responded to these challenging conditions. And at this point, I don't have anything further to share on how we think about this business strategically, but we've certainly learned a lot about volatility in this business as a result of these recent events, and that'll factor into our planning in the future.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then one last question maybe at a high level. Between the balance sheet and position you have now, and things like the securitization coming in Florida some point soon, how much available cash or balance sheet capacity do you have for investment in growth opportunities, right now?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Well, we have a solid balance sheet and we have a number of growth opportunities, where our capital spend is typically in the neighborhood of $7 billion a year. So, there is...
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: I'm sorry. I want to make sure – I mean above kind of what you're planning to do right now? So, like if you had opportunities that go above the current investment plan?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: We do.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: And how much upside? Yeah. Okay.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: We haven't quantified that specifically. The one thing I would say, Steve, is if you look at the leverage in the business, the utilities are situated relative to their cap structure that they earn on, capacity sits at the holding company and we're probably at 27%, 28% of HoldCo debt. There's probably capacity at HoldCo, up to 30% or maybe a little bit above, depending on how the credit rating agencies look at that. So, can't quantify it any more specifically than that, but we're committed to our ratings. We think we have an incredibly strong balance sheet with flexibility, to address what we think the business requires. And we'll continue to manage that accordingly.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: And how much will you get from securitization?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: We will get about $1.3 billion from the securitization process. We're targeting the first quarter of 2016 to get those funds. About half of those funds will be used to displace Florida – Duke Energy Florida OpCo debt, the other half of the funds will come up to the parent.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Chris Turnure with JPMorgan.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, guys.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Hello.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: You kind of mentioned in your prepared remarks, and then in response to an earlier question that, it's too early to tell what's going to happen potentially with GSF reform (49:07) in Brazil, and I can definitely appreciate that. But, do you have at least a sense as to what the EPS impact would be there, if we went from say a 20% now to a 10% or a 5% protection type level, just versus normal in any given full year?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: We don't have any sensitivities on that, Chris. There is a lot of variables here. Where is our contracted load? What is the PLD price? So there is just variables there that are too multiple for us to try to put a metric on.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: And I think...
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: ...as we get to a point of clarity on the way the courts and the way the regulation will change, we'll be in a position to give you a better sense of timing, what our contracted position is, where we're forecasting PLD. But it's premature to do that at this point, because there are too many moving parts.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Fair enough. And then, just kind of going back to the 2016 and beyond picture, it's still pretty early here to talk about any potential growth guidance changes. But I just wanted to address maybe balance sheet capacity, like we were talking about on the last question, or just your ability to do other things, outside of what you've already talked about, whether it's accelerating more repatriation of cash or doing other securitizations, outside of the Florida one that you already have in plans, or maybe pulling forward Carolina's rate cases earlier than the 2017 to 2018 timeframe that you're currently thinking about right now?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: In connection with our planning process, Chris, we'll look at every element of the business to ensure we're delivering as much value as we can. I think we've demonstrated an ability to identify investment projects that are beneficial to customers and also delivering returns to shareholders. We do have flexibility in the balance sheet for additional investment. So, we'll be evaluating all of those alternatives in connection with our business planning process.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. But at this time, nothing is seeming more likely than not, or nothing's standing out in your mind?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Yeah. Nothing that I would share at this point.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Just wanted...
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Michael.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: ...to revisit – hi, Lynn. Just wanted to revisit a few things on the Regulated side of the house. First of all, can you remind us, for the spend you do on coal ash in North Carolina, what the cost recovery process is; meaning, how do you actually – how, and more importantly when, do you actually get this in rates?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Yes, Michael. There is no definitive plan for collection of the coal ash in rates. We spent about $100 million to-date on this, and that will ramp up over the next several years. And the way this will work, we'll start spending and acting on our plans in conjunction with CAMA over the next several years. And then, at some point, an appropriate point, we can go in for a rate case, and we can incorporate coal ash spend into that rate case. So we have flexibility there, there is no set timeframe for this. And you might look in time, and think about the next rate case, being associated with the completion of a large power plant, a combined cycle or completion of a lot of nuclear work in the Duke Energy Progress area. That might put you in the later part of the teens, for going in for a rate increase. At that point in time, we would probably request an increment in base rates for coal ash recovery. And the Commission would then begin to monitor coal ash cost recovered through rates versus coal ash spent and adjust it from there; this is not like a normal capital project, where you spend over in a short intense period and then are completed, the spend will go on for a long time. So I think it will have that type of nature of recovery to it.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: There is precedent in North Carolina for more real-time recovery of environmental cost, thinking back to like Clean Smokestacks from a number of years ago. Just curious, is there an opportunity, whether via regulation or via legislation – and I'm not sure which one it would require – to get more real-time recovery of coal ash spend, and more kind of the certainty of recovery over time?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Yeah, Michael. I'll take that one. I think North Carolina has demonstrated over a long period of time recovery of mandated cost and certainly coal ash, whether it's at a state level or Federal level, those are required costs of decommissioning the plants. I don't see in the next year or two, any change in the recovery mechanism that Steve just described and given the magnitude of the spend that we're talking about, I think that's reasonable. So, we'll be addressing it in connection with the general rate case and evaluating what else might make sense over time. I think about Clean Power Plan, I think about – we have trackers for renewables. There are a variety of events that could trigger consideration of other forms of recovery. But I don't see coal ash as being one that would – we would approach as a single item at this point.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. One last question on utility O&M. Did I hear correctly that what you're basically saying is, O&M levels in the second half of 2015 will be flat to second half 2014?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Yes. That's correct, Michael.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: When you look at broader O&M, what are you – at the Regulated businesses and especially in the Carolinas – what do you see as potential – you're a couple of years out post-merger, but continued cost saving opportunities to where instead of flat, it's even potentially down?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Some of the cost savings opportunities that we are now pursuing are the rollout of work management systems. We've already done a lot the corporate work. We've rolled out work management systems in the fossil area. We've done a lot of nuclear work. But now we're rolling out into T&D and that's more dispersed in asset location and employee workforce. So, that's an area that is ripe for some benefits. So, we'll continue to roll these projects out and have some opportunities here to offset some of the cost increases that we face, such as cyber security, normal inflation, Fukushima and that kind of thing, but I do believe there are efficiency opportunities still out there.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you, Steve, and much appreciated.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Sorry to revisit this, but you've said a couple of times, you want to be clear about and transparent about what you're saying on growth. And I just on this – we've already talked about the footnote on the slide around long-term earnings growth. You also changed the word you're using from deliver to target. And I'd hate to read too much into that, but I just – Lynn, are we saying that if International kind of doesn't rebound post-2015 in a decent way that you may not be able to stay at the low end of the 4% to 6% or are we not saying that? I'm not feeling I heard the clarity.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Yeah. And you know, Jonathan, I'm not trying to reset guidance range at this point. But I am trying to flag for you that we see uncertainty in the International business that is difficult sitting here in early August of 2015 to predict duration and extent. And so, a rebound, if we see a rebound in 2017, that's certainly positive. But it's more challenging today than I would have said to you it was in January of this year and that's what we're trying to signal or trying to say. And we'll continue to update you as we see rainy season starting to develop and we see any potential changes in the regulatory scheme, the injunctions and other things, but it's more challenging based on what we see right now.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you. And again, apologies for the revisit.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: No. That's fine. Great.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: All right.
Operator: Next question comes from Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you. Good morning.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Hello.
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Hi. Listen, with regards to the securitization proceeds, Steve, you said half of them will be used for OpCo debt reduction, half going to the parent. Any thoughts on how that other half gets used? The reason I ask is on the original settlement agreement you were going to be earning an ROE on it, granted it was a 30% reduction, but there was earnings coming from that and so is there a dilutive potential given securitization that may not have been part of the original plan. Is that a fair way to think about this?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: You're correct there. We are giving up the equity return that was baked into the Crystal River 3 recovery mechanism from the settlement in 2013, albeit it was a haircut return. Whether it's dilutive or not depends upon the redeployment of the proceeds here. And again we will be looking for growth opportunities to help replace that equity return loss.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: So at this point you would not assume that that is used for any HoldCo debt reduction. It probably goes into some rate base kind of investment?
Steven K. Young - Duke Energy Corp.: Well, it will move into our general funds and help fund growth. Ideally we'd like to find an investment to put it right into, but certainly it will be utilized to reduce HoldCo debt that then helps fund other acquisitions, other purchases, other investments more efficiently.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: And Ali, what I would say to that, we haven't earmarked a specific investment for those funds, but there have been a lot of questions today about holding company capacity for additional investment, this would be part of that. And so our objective will be to deploy that in a way that maximizes the value.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Yeah. And Lynn, what's the latest on the Edwardsport investigation in Indiana? Is that still out there? I thought it should have been done by now. What's the latest?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: So there is a rate proceeding in front of the Indiana Commission, Ali, on the regulatory every six month rider mechanisms as well as the fuel clauses. And we would expect an order from the Commission before the end of the year, perhaps even as early as the third quarter. So, that does remain out there. In the slide deck we've given you kind of a chart of what the open proceedings are, I think it's on slide 21 just to give you a sense of where these are.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Yeah, I thought it was a summer timeframe, I guess it's a little later.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: I think it's a little later. Yeah.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And last question, the timeline for some of you investments, you've made that investment in the pipeline and you've got the other bigger pipeline out there. Are you thinking, Lynn, when you update your long-term growth rates perhaps next year, that you may stretch it out over a five-year period as opposed to the three-year periods that we've been doing currently, given that some of the stuff won't hit until later in the decade?
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Ali, it's a good question, we debate the period internally. We had a longer term one, we moved it to three years, five years is a possibility. But I think the point you're making is a good one, which is infrastructure investment occurs over a longer period of time. So, we haven't made a final decision on that, but we are – we will evaluate it.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Thank you.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Ms. Lynn Good for closing remarks.
Lynn J. Good - Duke Energy Corp.: Thanks, everyone for being on the call, for your interest and investment in Duke Energy. We are scheduled for a third quarter call on November 5, and look forward to seeing many of you in the coming months. Thanks again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great rest of your day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: William Currens - Vice President, Investor Relations Lynn Good - President and Chief Executive Officer Steven Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners Michael Weinstein - UBS Hugh Wynne - Bernstein Research Christopher Turnure - JPMorgan Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Travis Miller - Morningstar
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Duke Energy’s First Quarter Earnings Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Bill Currens. Please go ahead, sir.
William Currens: Thank you, Derek. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Duke Energy’s first quarter 2015 earnings review and business update. Leading our call is Lynn Good, President and CEO, along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today’s discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide 2 presents the Safe Harbor statement which accompanies our presentation materials. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on duke-energy.com and in today’s materials. Please note that the appendix to today’s presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures to help you analyze the company’s performance. As listed on Slide 3, Lynn will begin with an update on our principal first quarter activities. Then, Steve will review our 2015 first quarter financial results, including an update on what we’re experiencing in Brazil. Finally, Steve will close with an update on economic activities within our service territories as well as a review of our recently announced $1.5 billion accelerated stock repurchase program. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. With the first quarter behind us, I’m pleased to report that we are on track to meet our financial objectives for the year and are demonstrating strong operational performance for our customers. We are making progress on our near-term objectives and achieving important milestones on the strategic initiatives we announced last year, including growth investments totaling $8 billion. Our strategies reflect a focus on new generation investments, electric and gas infrastructure and contracted renewable opportunities. Now, let’s focus on the quarter. This morning, we reported first quarter 2015 adjusted EPS of $1.24. We also affirmed our full-year 2015 guidance range of $4.55 to $4.75 per share. Steve will provide more details on the quarterly results in a few minutes. Let me start with reviewing a few operational highlights as outlined on Slide 4. I’m pleased with how our system performed during record cold temperatures during the first quarter. On February 20, we set new all-time peak demand records in the Carolinas. Our teams demonstrated exceptional preparation and collaboration across the company in meeting this challenge. Our generation fleet performed well during the experience of record demand as our customers benefited from our diversified portfolio of generation resources. The regulated natural gas fleets at a record for the quarter delivering more than 12 million megawatt hours. The performance of our nuclear fleet continued to improve, serving as a valuable resource of baseload generation to our customers. The fleet achieved a quarterly capacity factor of almost 94%, led by the Robinson and Harris plants which set generation records for the quarter. We also recently learned that our nuclear fleet as a whole led the nation’s large nuclear fleets in 2014 as measured by several key performance indicators. Our operational teams also responded to a series of major winter storms. In the Carolinas alone, three severe storms caused more than a million outages. We used the scale of our company to effectively prepare for and respond to these challenges. For example, in one major storm, we deployed more than 3500 workers and restored power to 85% of the affected customers within 24 hours. Our ability to restore service in the wake of storms was recognized in March by EEI. We were awarded the institute’s Emergency Recovery Award for our restoration efforts in the winter of 2014. Our Edwardsport IGCC plant in Indiana also performed well during the first quarter. We believe the best measure of performance for Edwardsport is over a long term basis. However, it’s worth highlighting that the plant achieved 79% gasifier availability, representing its highest individual quarter yet. After last winter’s challenges, we made a number of enhancements to the plant, driving this year’s performance. We expect orders in the Indiana Commission on several pending rider proceedings around mid-year. We’ve made significant headway on other important strategic and regulatory priorities, which I will briefly cover on Slide 5. We achieved a major milestone in our proposed $1.2 billion acquisition of jointly-owned generating assets from the North Carolina Eastern Municipal Power Agency. State legislation that enables these municipalities to issue revenue bonds was finalized in March. And it also allows Duke Energy progress to recover through a rider mechanism, its retail investment and operating costs associated with the acquisition. This important legislative milestone follows last December’s approval by FERC. We remain on track to close the acquisition later this year once we receive approvals from the NRC, all 32 individual municipalities and the state regulatory commission. Once closed, we expect an annualized incremental earnings per share impact of between $0.05 and $0.10. The plan to acquire these generation assets is a win-win for all parties involved. The municipalities in eastern North Carolina get rate relief which will be a boost to economic development in the entire region. And our Carolinas customers will enjoy significant fuel savings from the addition of valuable nuclear and coal generation capacity to our supply mix, helping to mitigate the impact of the purchase on retail customer rates. In March, we filed with the FERC for approval of our proposed purchase of Calpine’s Osprey combined cycle gas plant in Florida. This 599 megawatt plant will help offset the impact of system retirement. If the Osprey purchase is not approved in a timely manner, we have requested state commission approval to build 320 megawatt of new combustion turbine capacity at our [Swany] site. We have requested FERC approval by July 30. In early April, the Ohio commission approved our next three-year Electric Security Plan, or ESP. the commission approved our request for two important rider mechanisms, a distribution capital investment rider and a storm cost rider. Parties including Duke Energy Ohio have until May 4 to file for a re-hearing. We are evaluating this option for certain provisions in the order and will provide updates as needed. Earlier this week, the Florida legislature passed new utilities regulations, including a provision allowing securitization of our remaining Crystal River 3 costs. This law is still subject to being signed by the Governor. As you will recall, our 2013 settlement in Florida included a provision allowing for us to begin recovering up to $1.46 billion of Crystal River 3 assets and customer rates by beginning of 2017. The securitization would allow us to provide a significant rate benefit to our customers, while also providing full cash recovery of these investments. If signed by the Governor, we anticipate seeking Florida commission approval later this year to issue bonds in early 2016. Also in early April, we successfully closed the transaction to sell our Midwest Commercial Generation business to Dynegy for $2.8 billion in cash. With the sale complete, we’ve been able to sharpen our focus on the regulated business and quickly redeploy the proceeds to ensure an accretive transaction within the first 12 months. In a moment, Steve will discuss the use of proceeds. Our International business has been experiencing challenges due to the continued drought conditions and a softening economy in Brazil as well as weaker foreign currency exchange rates and lower MTBE prices at National Methanol. Steve will provide more detail on what we are experiencing during his prepared remarks. Next, I will provide an update on our coal ash management activity. We have been taking action to improve our management of ash across each of our jurisdictions in a manner that protects the environment and our communities. As you may recall, in February, we reached a proposed plea agreement with the US government. If approved, the agreement would close the federal investigation related to the Dan River coal ash spill and basin operations in North Carolina. In April, the Judge granted a four-week continuance of the hearing to May 14 to allow the court more time to prepare. As a consequence of this [indiscernible] plea, we’re working through an agreement to avoid debarment with the EPA. We have been working for some time on this proposed agreement and our target is to have it in place by the hearing on May 14. If an agreement is not in place by this date, for some period of time, we would need to obtain prior approval before entering into new or modified contracts federal government agencies. This is not expected to result in any material financial or operational impacts. We have been actively working on plans to close all of our ash basins in North Carolina under the provisions of the Coal Ash Management Act. We are required to obtain permits before beginning execution of ash at the initial four high priority sites. These permits which we applied for last year are being reviewed by DENR. We expect to be able to begin moving ash later this year. We also continue to develop plans for our remaining 10 sites in North Carolina and finally we expect to begin moving ash from our W.S. Lee plant in South Carolina later this month. Environmental matters including EPA regulations are certainly a focus of ours over the coming years. The EPA’s proposed Clean Power Plan creates aggressive state specific targets to reduce CO2 emissions. The plan is scheduled to be finalized this summer and includes some of the most far-reaching and complex regulations the industry has ever faced. We continue to engage with the EPA and states in support policies that reduce carbon emissions over time without jeopardizing reliability and affordability. This is not a one side solution to this issue, and that’s why it’s important that our states maintain flexibility as they develop plans to comply with the final targets. I will also mention that the EPA published its final coal combustion residuals rule in the Federal register on April 17. This new rule regulates the disposal of coal ash and is applicable to all new and existing landfills, structural fills and new and existing ash basins at active sites. We have already begun a site by site evaluation to determine our plans for compliance with these Federal provisions across each of our jurisdictions beginning later this year. Additionally, in North Carolina, we must also comply with the state’s Coal Ash Management Act, which requires a closure of all basins in this state over the next 15 years. Since the federal and state rules contain some conflicting provisions, such as different compliance, timelines and groundwater monitoring requirements, our actions will be based upon the most restrictive provisions. We have already recognized the $3.5 billion in asset retirement obligations for our North Carolina sites to comply with the state legislation. The new federal rules would result in actions in our other jurisdictions, in particular Indiana, where most of the remaining ash is located. We will recognize incremental asset retirement obligations for the federal rules in the second quarter. However, similar to the North Carolina rules, any closure costs are expected to be incurred over a long-term time horizon. In closing, we are on track to meet our objectives for the year with a strong focus on operational excellence and financial discipline. We are moving forward responsibly in our ash management plans. We are successfully executing on the growth projects and strategic initiatives announced last year, positioning Duke Energy for long-term success. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Steve.
Steven Young: Thanks, Lynn. Today, I’ll review our first quarter financial results and discuss the economic conditions within our service territories, including retail customer volume trends. I will also provide an update on Brazil’s challenging economy and ongoing drought conditions. Finally, I will briefly review the accelerated stock repurchase plan we launched in April with the Midwest Generation sale proceeds. Let’s start with the quarterly results. I will cover just the highlights on Slide 6. For more detailed information on segment variances versus last year, please refer to the supporting materials that accompany today’s press release. We achieved first quarter adjusted diluted earnings of $1.24 per share compared to $1.17 in the first quarter of 2014. Strong results from our Regulated Utilities and commercial Midwest Generation business helped offset weakness at International. On a reported basis, 2015 first quarter earnings per share were $1.22 compared to a net loss of $0.14 last year. The loss in last year’s reported results included the pre-tax impairment charge of approximately $1.4 billion or $1.23 per share related to the Midwest Generation business. Let me briefly review the key quarterly earnings drivers at each of our business segments. On an adjusted basis, Regulated Utilities delivered higher results of $0.05 per share, primarily due to increased wholesale margins and higher retail rates, including energy efficiency cost recovering mechanisms. Similar to last year, we experienced cold weather during the quarter. So it was not a significant quarter over quarter driver. These positive drivers were partially offset by a slight decline in weather normalized retail load growth. I will provide additional details on that in a moment. Our Regulated Utilities also realized higher O&M costs during the quarter. As you will recall, in 2015, we are targeting increases of O&M cost at Regulated Utilities below the level of retail load growth. Our quarterly results were also impacted by the timing of items, including scheduled fossil plant outages, nuclear outage cost levelization and winter storm costs. We remain on track to achieve our targeted level of O&M cost during the year. Our Commercial Power business contributed to increased earnings of $0.12 per share, driven by higher results from Midwest Generation. Earnings from Midwest Generation were supported by higher PJM capacity of revenues and favorable pricing on generation volumes, without significant hedge positions. Due to the sale completion, this is the last quarter that Midwest Generation will be included in our results. Additionally, we incurred slightly lower quarterly results from our commercial renewables business due to lower wind production, which was experienced across the United States. This business remains on track to achieve its targeted $100 million of net income for 2015 as we put significant additional wind and solar capacity into service later this year. International’s quarterly earnings declined by $0.13 over last year, due to the factors we have been monitoring for some time, the ongoing drought, lower electricity demand and weakening foreign currency exchange rates in Brazil as well as low MTBE prices at National Methanol that are directly correlated with Brent oil prices. Let me spend a few minutes discussing conditions in Brazil. Setting aside foreign currency, there are two key factors impacting results: generation dispatch order and demand for power. First let's discuss dispatch order. In response to the ongoing drought, generation dispatch has fundamentally changed in an effort to preserve reservoir levels. Under normal reservoir conditions, low cost hydro generation is dispatched before the higher cost thermal generation. However, since the end of the rainy season in the second quarter of 2014, the system operator has consistently dispatched thermal generation first with hydro generation being dispatched as necessary to meet system demand. As a result, the hydro generators operate less and are now at the margin bearing the risk of softening demand. This brings us to the second factor, demand for power. Brazil's slowing economy and the effective voluntary energy conservation efforts have resulted in lower demand for electricity. Brazil's demand for power has typically grown at greater than 3% over the past several years. We now expect demand growth for 2015 to be between 0% and 2%. This coupled with the impacts of the revised dispatch order results in significantly less hydro power production than in previous years. As you compare our expected results in 2015 to what we incurred in 2014, there are several factors to consider, hydro dispatch, the allocation of shared energy and market prices. First, hydro dispatch in the first quarter of 2015 was much lower than what we experienced in the same period last year. As I described earlier, hydro generation is being dispatched after thermal and we expect this dispatch order to continue throughout the remainder of the year. Secondly, in 2014, given the way the hydro system generators shape their shared energy for the year, we were allocated higher percentages of energy in the first half of the year with lesser percentages being allocated to the second half. In 2015, on the other hand, we are allocated less energy in the first half of the year and more in the back half. The combination of these factors has resulted in a short position so far in 2015, whereby contracted energy sales exceed the allocation of hydro generation. We are required to settle this short position in the market at a capped settlement price or PLD of 388 reais per megawatt hour. In contrast, in early 2014, these same factors resulted in a long position whereby the allocation of hydro generation exceeded our contracted energy sales. In this situation, we were able to sell excess energy into the spot market at a higher market price of up to 830 reais per megawatt hour. Over the remainder of the year, we expect to be in a net short position. However, the level of this short position should moderate over the second half of the year, resulting in greater comparability with the second half of 2014 and what we're seeing early in the year. We are taking actions to mitigate some of the financial exposure we are experiencing. Entering 2015, we reduced our contracted position in Brazil from 93% to 91% and we are considering further reductions to our contracted percentage for 2016, if conditions do not improve. We have also identified opportunities to achieve cost efficiencies throughout the International business and have already instituted headcount reductions of approximately 15% or over 100 positions. We will continue to evaluate further efficiencies as we move forward. We will closely monitor impacts from the deteriorating demand for electricity as well as unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate trends in Brazil. These factors will make it more challenging for International to meet its financial plan for the full year. We will continue to update you as the year progresses. Moving on to Slide 8, I’ll now discuss our retail customer volume trends. As we outlined in the fourth quarter call, weather normalized load growth in 2015 is expected to be in the range of 0.5% to 1%. On a rolling 12 month basis, weather normalized retail load growth was down 0.2% through the first quarter. Weather normalized load growth for the first quarter of this year is in line with our budget. However, the comparison to the prior year is challenging, as the first quarter 2014 results included 2.6% weather normalized load growth due to the unusual impacts of last winter’s Polar Vortex. Within the residential sector, we continued to experience strong growth in the number of new customers, approximately 1.2% over the year. However, customer usage trends remain challenging, leading to a decline of 1.4% in residential volumes over the rolling 12 months. This decline is primarily attributable to the strong 2014 results that was also impacted by energy efficiency as well as changing usage patterns. We continue to see favorable trends in the key indicators for the residential sector, namely full-time employment and median household income. I've discussed these metrics before and they continue to move in the right direction. Additionally, we see an increase in manufacturing jobs in our service areas, along with some positive data on new housing starts. The commercial and industrial sectors continued to show growth of 0.2% and 1.2%, respectively, over the rolling 12 months. The commercial sector is driven by declining office vacancy rates and expansion in the health and food service subsectors. As for the industrial sector, metals, transportation and chemicals continue to drive growth in the Midwest and Carolinas. One factor that we are closely monitoring is the impact of the strong US dollar which could hamper domestic manufacturing activity. We have not seen any significant impacts of this dynamic with our industrial customers to date, but we’ll continue to closely monitor trends. Our economic development teams remain active, successfully helping attract new business investments into our service territories. During the quarter, these activities led to another $1.2 billion in capital investments being announced, which is expected to result in almost 3,000 new jobs across our six-state footprint. Before closing, I’d like to briefly cover the mechanics of the recently launched $1.5 billion accelerated stock repurchase program, as outlined on Slide 9. In early April, after closing on the sale of the Midwest Generation business, we began the program. We immediately received and retired 16.6 million shares, which is 85% of the total expected to be retired. The program will be completed by the end of the third quarter of this year. The actual number of shares repurchased will depend upon the daily volume weighted average price of our stock during the term of the program. The timing of the close of the sale was ahead of what we planned for in our 2015 earnings guidance presented in February. This allowed us to accelerate the deployment of the proceeds and launch the share repurchase. Additionally, the Midwest Generation business contributed stronger results during the quarter than we expected, earning almost our full six-month assumption in just three months. For the full year, the early close of the sale and timing of the ASR are slightly favorable to our overall financial plan, offsetting some of the weakness being experienced at International. Slide 10 outlines our financial objectives, both shorter term and longer term. We have a strong established track record of achieving these objectives and remain on track to continue meeting them in 2015. The strength of our balance sheet underpins our ability to access the debt markets on reasonable terms. This helps fuel our growth strategy, support the dividend and maintain low cost rates for our customers. In early April, we were pleased to receive an upgrade to our credit ratings at S&P. This upgrade resolves S&P’s positive outlook on the company which was initiated last fall. Related to the dividend, we have reached our target payout ratio and the Board now has the flexibility to consider growing the dividend more in line with our earnings growth over time. We are off to a strong start to the year in our Regulated business and are executing on our strategic initiatives. We are closely monitoring developing trends in our International business and are taking actions within our control to react. We expect unfavorable variability in the International business in the second quarter due to the factors I previously discussed as well as the absence of a favorable tax benefit in Chile that impacted prior year results. This negative variability to the prior year is expected to moderate in the back half of the year. We are also taking a hard look at our cost structure. We remain on track to achieve our 2015 guidance range of between $4.55 to $4.75 per share and continue to target earnings per share growth of between 4% to 6% through 2017. With that, let's open the line for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Daniel Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Daniel Eggers: Is the usage comparison down at this point in time? Is that really just a function of the math behind the first quarter 2014 kind of trying to discern weather versus usage or is there something more structural happening? I couldn't figure out what that first quarter comp is doing to this number.
Steven Young: I think that the first quarter’s comps are influenced by what happened in the first quarter of 2014. Let me recap a bit. We’re about flat on the rolling 12 month variance. Overall, industrial is 1.2% growth, continuing being around 1% which we’ve seen really since 2011 on a consistent basis. Commercial has been growing also, it grew at about 0.2%, that’s lower than what we’ve seen in the past, but we continue to see in the Commercial sector some strength as vacancy rates are declining, health care and food service are strong. We did see some softening in government a bit, but overall I think with new people moving into our service territories, Commercial is poised to continue to grow. Residential is where we saw the decline. And there, I do think part of the decline in residential of 1.4%, roughly half of that you could attribute to the anomaly of the 2014 results of the Polar Vortex. There people were literally forced to stay at home due to the weather and was hard to model that accurately. When I look at residential, I do continue to see usage per customer going down due to energy efficiency, due to people living more in smaller spaces, condominiums and apartments than perhaps we’ve seen in the past. But on the flip side of that, I also see that we are adding customers particularly in the Carolinas and Florida sector very strongly. We see unemployment continue to decline and median household income rise, we also see some favorable housing data, existing home sales are increasing, which should lead to some new home building. So those are factors that offset the energy usage. The question we ask is when does the saturation hit on energy efficiency at residential and when does the core growth overtake that? So we will keep an eye on those factors. But I think the fundamentals of our service area economies are ultimately very solid.
Daniel Eggers: So the 0.5% to 1% makes sense on an ongoing basis. So your view is we shouldn't get too caught up in this usage comp right now because there's going to be some friction in the weather adjustments?
Steven Young: That’s correct. I think that will be always rolling 12 month average, the base periods going to have some of that and it’s from the Polar Vortex of 2014, I think I would look at other trends there as well. And I think 0.5% to 1% is certainly still a reasonable estimate for where we are going.
Lynn Good: Dan, the one thing I would add is that if we look at these results relative to how we plan the year, we’re on plan, so that’s another indication of the fact we think we’re tracking with our expectations.
Daniel Eggers: And I guess just on International, you've given the obviously slow start to the first quarter and probably rough looking second quarter, given the Brazil dynamics. What is your confidence in getting to the full-year guidance you guys have laid out for there? And if you're coming in light there, where do you see the business making up more of that earnings?
Steven Young: I think the International segment will have challenges meeting their targets, which were set in February at about $345 million of net income. We recognize that and have discussed that thoroughly. I think there are offsets to that in our other businesses. We have seen favorable weather in the first quarter and that’s in the bank, our ability to accelerate the share repurchase program due to the early closure of the sale is accretive to us by in the neighborhood of $0.04, we were fortunate and that we got our full earnings estimate out of the Midwest Generation business in the first quarter. It was a very good quarter for that business. So the acceleration to share repurchase should all add to the bottom line to us. So that’s favorable as well. So I think you got levers in our cost structure as well to pull that can help us offset some of the shortfalls in International.
Lynn Good: The other thing I would mention, Dan, is we’ve been moving more rapidly to the approval process on the acquisition of the generation assets from NCEMPA. In our planning, we assumed all of that benefit was in 2016 and it looks like we’re tracking ahead of that. So that’s another thing I would point to.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim.
Shahriar Pourreza: So just on the International business, Steve, you provided pretty good sensitivities around Brent and exchange rates. Is there any way to price the risk around the weak hydrology conditions and even sort of what you're seeing from an economic development in Brazil?
Steven Young: Shah, that’s difficult to put a sensitivity to. It is hard to predict the impact on demand on electricity usage, it’s more volatile than in the US. Last year, it was 3.7% for the entire year and it was over 7% in the first quarter and then changed throughout the year. So it’s more volatile there. Additionally, it is difficult to predict what the spot pricing might be, given the lower demand, the cap is 388 reais, but where spot pricing sells under that cap was hard to know and that affects the bottom line there. So it’s hard to give a sensitivity there, we’ll just have to keep an eye on it as we move forward.
Shahriar Pourreza: And then just in the US, seems like you're in a really good spot. You've sold the assets in the Midwest; you're doing the buyback program. Could we maybe just get a little bit of a refreshed view on your growth avenues? And maybe just focusing a little bit outside of the current gas projects, generation projects may be centered around more midstream or muni acquisitions in the area?
Lynn Good: Let me take a shot and then Steve can add to it. I think around the jurisdictions on where growth is coming from and if we start in Indiana, it’s grid related growth. We filed for $2 billion investment in the grid related reliability and optimization projects. That’s moving through the regulatory process. We also have distribution and transmission investment in Ohio and in the remarks we mentioned the fact that under our ESP, we have an approved tracker which gives us timely recovery of those investments which we think is positive. I think in the Carolinas, you’re familiar with the generating assets, gas plant, the pipeline, you’re familiar with. We also are investing $500 million in solar, about half of which of that will be owned generation. And then in Florida, we have close to $2 billion in investment on generation in the Citrus County and Osprey or Swany investment. So those are the things I would point to as unfolding or moving through regulatory approval processes on each one of those. And of course, continuing to look for ways that we can put capital to work for the benefit of customers.
Shahriar Pourreza: And then just one last question around the dividend, currently, maybe we could just get a viewpoint on the policy, especially as your earnings growth trajectory is where it is, kind of where you will be around the target range of where you want to be.
Steven Young: Our dividend has been growing at 2% and of course our earnings have been growing in the 4% to 6% range. And that was just to help calibrate it and get back within our target range after the issues that occurred during the financial crisis and the merger with Progress. And we’ve now gone to a point where we are within that target range, at the upper end of it. So our Board will consider that as we move forward, but ultimately our goal would be to have the dividend growth closer to the earnings growth rate. So that’s where we are headed.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Weinstein with UBS.
Michael Weinstein: I was wondering if you could discuss a little bit about the puts and takes of the securitization bill in Florida for Crystal River.
Lynn Good: Michael, it is a legislation that has passed both Houses. It is awaiting signature from the Governor. It is a part of a regulatory reform bill that worked its way through the House and Senate in Florida. And we see it as a great opportunity for us to bring a rate reduction to our customers, so that when the Crystal River investment goes back into rates, it will go back into rates at a lower amount for the benefit of the customers in Florida. And it does also give us accelerated recovery of the cash investment as we would securitize the investment. We still have some gates to go through, Governor’s signature being one that I mentioned. We will also need to file for approval with the Florida Commission. We'll need to issue the bonds and then we will give you more perspective on where we see opportunities to put that capital to work on a go-forward basis. But this is something that I think strategically is very valuable to our utility in Florida and to our customers in Florida.
Michael Weinstein: And have you had any indications at this point, this early stage, about how capital or coal ash remediation might be treated? Will it be given full base treatment or is it something that would be similarly securitized in some way?
Lynn Good: We are early in the process of beginning the actual investment of dollars around the ash remediation. You may recall that our first commitment is to excavate four sites between now and 2019. In our capital plans for that period, we are at $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion for those sites and are developing plans for the remaining sites. So the spending will ramp up over the next four years, but really continue for 10 to 15 years as we address the remaining sites. Our intent would be to present these costs for review by the North Carolina Commission later in the decade when we have a regularly scheduled general base rate case. And that will be something that I would see maybe 2018, 2019. And that's the path we are on at this point, Michael. And our focus is getting the approvals from the state necessary to begin the excavation and movement of ash. And that's been our primary focus at this point.
Michael Weinstein: One last question, I think you mentioned that you thought the second half of the year would be better than the first half of Brazil, I'm just wondering if you could explain that a little more.
Lynn Good: We were talking about comparability to prior year, Michael, so let me ask Steve to weigh in.
Steven Young: Yes. What we were referring to is, as Lynn said, comparability. I think Brazil will be challenged throughout the year because demand is lower. There have been informal rationing implementations that will affect demand as well. But it will be more comparable to the last half of 2014, as thermals were dispatched in the last half of 2014, and some the similar effects that we are seeing now started to move into place. That was the reference we are making there.
Operator: Next, we’ll hear from Hugh Wynne with Bernstein Research.
Hugh Wynne: I wanted to follow-up on a couple of those recent questions regarding coal ash and the International operations. You mentioned that the ARO in North Carolina was about $3.5 billion. Does the Indiana ARO for coal ash removal likely to be of a similar magnitude or are you expecting it to be materially less?
Steven Young: We would expect that to be less, Hugh. There's less wet tonnage of ash in Indiana, it's roughly a third and we are running numbers now. We will probably disclose a range in the upcoming 10-Q and book it in the second quarter. But it will be a smaller number than what we've seen in the Carolinas.
Hugh Wynne: And are these costs, are these future removal costs primarily expenses or a very substantial portion of them likely to be capital investments?
Steven Young: Hugh, the way the accounting works on coal ash here is that we will book an estimate of the liability here and the offset to that will be plant in service and assets, or for retired plants or regulatory asset. And then we will work with the regulators on recovery of these costs and effectively amortize the regulatory assets in conjunction with the regulatory treatment from the regulators. So that's the way it's going to appear on the books, primarily on the balance sheet, until we understand recovery mechanisms at this point in time.
Hugh Wynne: And that will be kind of a commission-by-commission discussion, whether there's any return allowed on some portion of these outlets?
Steven Young: Well, that's correct. Ultimately, the Commissions will determine what's to be recovered over what time frame, they will have great flexibility to that. And I would add, as actual costs are incurred, they will be charged against the overall liability that's booked on day one, again, balance sheet oriented until we know what the Commission recovery mechanisms are.
Lynn Good: Hugh, I would think about this as a decommissioning type cost, that is something that the industry and certainly we have been aware of for decades. But we are reaching a period where not only are we retiring plants, but we now have federal legislation and in the case of North Carolina, state legislation. All of our jurisdictions have addressed federally-mandated costs in a constructive way over time. And so we are executing this to achieve closure in the time frames required and the methods required. And we will continue to update you on both the costs that we incur as well as the timing for presentation to regulators.
Hugh Wynne: Just a quick question, follow-up question on Brazil, is your expectation that it's going to take a period of quarters or even years for hydroelectric output to normalize? I guess, in my mind, I'm thinking that if hydroelectric facilities are anything like bathtubs, you'd probably have to have more water go in than is coming out for the level to rise, and that might take several years of normal or above-normal hydrology. Is there a kind of a permanent, I shouldn't say permanent, is there a long-term drag to the earnings power of the hydroelectric assets in Brazil as a result of these two years of drought?
Steven Young: Well, Hugh, one thing I might state there, I do believe that the Brazilian authorities will continue to run thermals through the next rainy season, which will carry you into 2016. So that will have some dampening effect on Brazil results in and of itself. Beyond that, it is hard to say what pricing might be contracting levels and demand might be. Brazil has a number of issues going on politically, social unrest, et cetera, that could affect these results. But the one thing I would say is I do think thermals will be dispatched through another rainy season.
Lynn Good: And Hugh, we have in the slide deck, back in the appendix, sort of a tracking at the reservoir level. I think to your point, the reservoirs are low, but they're moving up. I think the rainy season in 2015 will be extraordinarily important. And the system operator is using thermals as a method of restoring those reservoirs. That, coupled with weakened demand, is increasing the reservoir level. And I think that ultimately will be a big indicator of how long the country continues to experience the effects of the drought.
Hugh Wynne: Can you provide any color on your comment regarding the threat of debarment and what impact that might have on contracts with the military or other elements of your Commercial business?
Lynn Good: And so this is a consequence, Hugh, of the plea in the investigation that we entered into in February. And we have been working actively through reaching an agreement on this, and have a hope and expectation we can finalize by May 14. But if not, we will continue to move forward working to resolve this issue. It only relates to new and modified contracts. So we do not see an impact in our ability to provide power to the important bases that are in our service territories. We do not see any material financial or operational impact as a result. But it's a consequence, we need to work through it and that's what we are focused on.
Operator: Next, we’ll hear from Chris Turnure with JPMorgan.
Christopher Turnure: I wanted to circle back to Florida and the securitization of the Crystal River 3 money. Was this expected by you guys? How does it fit into your financing plans over the next couple of years and your prior statement that you don't need equity through 2017, I think and also could you quantify the potential number for the securitization for us?
Steven Young: Some of the facts there, I think the securitization will be around $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion. And the way it will mechanically work, as Lynn said, early in 2016, if things move along properly, is when the securitization would occur. But the proceeds will be used, half of the proceeds will displace and take out some operating company level debt down at Duke Energy Florida. The remaining half proceeds will be dividended up to the parent and will be used to help fund and finance growth projects. And this was not in our initial financing plan that we presented back in February.
Christopher Turnure: And then going back to the North Carolina muni purchase, you mentioned it's going along a little bit faster than you had originally anticipated. What's the potential timing there for final closure now? I guess it's at some point before year-end, but when do you think specifically the NRC will come out with their decision? And then also my understanding was that you didn't need any kind of specified regulatory recovery mechanism there, but you got this rider in the legislation that was signed early last month. Could you just clarify that a little bit and if anything has changed versus how you expected to recover the assets?
Lynn Good: So I think, Chris, you've got the elements there. There are three approvals required, NRC, and we are hopeful that that will move through over a few months. So we expect that to be before the end of the year. The thing that's interesting about the NRC approval, these are plants we already operate. We operate the Brunswick and Harris plants. So we will be working through that diligently to secure that approval. Then the 32 municipalities need to approve. We think that will occur quite quickly over the next month or so. And then we need approval from the NCUC. The rider mechanism that you talked about has already been approved through the legislature, so it will be a matter of implementation here in the state. So when we look at the big issues that were obstacles to closing, it was FERC approval and it was legislation. We've cleared those. And so the ones that remain, we think, can go rather quickly, giving us an opportunity to close sooner than we anticipated.
Christopher Turnure: So the rider doesn't improve your outlook in any way? That was expected and that's required to close and it's all set?
Lynn Good: It is, from a cash standpoint, it's a rider, so you get more timely recovery, cash recovery, Chris, and we would always have assumed that we could record some return.
Steven Young: And from an earnings standpoint, the profitability from this is the tended wholesale contract with these same municipalities. They were self-supplying when they owned the asset; we bought the asset. We will now supply them at a FERC-regulated rate. We purchased the asset at a price that did not distort retail rates in any fashion. So it's fairly revenue neutral there. The profitability is on the large wholesale contract that follows it.
Operator: Next, we’ll hear from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold: Could you just remind us, as you're thinking about the plan today, how important to the 4% to 6% through 2017 this 0.5% to 1% sales growth is? I appreciate there's some noise in the numbers right now. And maybe just related to that, I know you said you're going to take a deep look at the cost structure. Are you kind of positioning for an eventuality where if the sales growth doesn't materialize, just how should we think about those pieces?
Steven Young: Sensitivity, Jonathan, on the sales growth that we've thrown out is that a 1% organic retail load growth would translate into roughly 2% earnings growth. So that's a metric to give you an idea of what it means in terms of earnings per share and growth trends and that kind of thing. So it's obviously critical for us, particularly between rate cases to see load growth from our organic businesses there. In terms of do we anticipate a downturn there? I think the 0.5% to 1% is still a reasonable growth trend to project on. We are always looking at our cost structures and trying to find flexibility. We are a large company with a lot of different operations and we have levers that we can pull.
Jonathan Arnold: But you're not considering starting to plan off of a lower number to just have a bit more comfort that you can hit this number or is that, at this stage, not saying that, by the sound of it?
Steven Young: No, it's too early to try to move in any direction on that. I think the growth estimates are reasonable given what we are seeing, but we are always trying to prepare and be ready for other circumstances.
Jonathan Arnold: And then just one other on International, I was just curious, you're talking about headcount reductions. Just given the nature of the business, predominantly hydro footprint, what kind of flexibility do you really have there? And how should we think about how that changes the positioning of business going forward?
Steven Young: I think in terms of cost reductions, we have identified over 100 positions. There's various administrative, corporate office type positions that are examined and support roles. So that has been acted upon and will help offset some of the losses.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon: A quick question. Steve, I think I heard you say that the strength at merchant and the ASR will offset some of the pain in International?
Steven Young: Yes, that's correct.
Paul Ridzon: And then just a clarification, did you say the ASR happening sooner than anticipated was $0.04 accretive to previous use or is it $0.04 absolute?
Steven Young: It's $0.04 to the plan that we had submitted. And let me give a discussion here. In the first quarter, our Midwest operation earned, it provided earnings that were equal to what we projected for a six-month period. We had, in February, projected that the sale would occur and close mid-year. And so we had the Midwest Generation in our results for six months and about $95 million of earnings during those six months. They got those earnings in the first quarter and then we closed the deal. That allowed us to accelerate the timing of the initiation of the share repurchase. And the share repurchase provides benefits to us happening earlier, roughly one quarter earlier, within the neighborhood of $0.04 compared to our original plan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Almost all my questions have been answered. Just to clarify, though, you guys said that you are taking a hard look at your costs. And Jonathan asked about this. I just am wondering, though, you guys are always probably taking a hard look at your costs. I mean, is there anything that we might think of as being potential cost cutting program, et cetera, that could, in case whatever, some factor here or there doesn't work, that could help you meet the numbers if there was a hiccup, let's say, more International or sales growth, whatever, I'm just wondering, do you see it – is there something new that you're identifying or how can you – could you just elaborate a little bit on that?
Lynn Good: I'll take a shot, Paul, and Steve can certainly chime in. I think this organization has demonstrated great discipline with cost. And when you think about where we've come post-merger integration projects, corporate center benefits, moving into the operations, consolidating work management tools, the nuclear fleet, working together over a several year period, we continue to look for ways to optimize our investment and optimize the operation of our business. And that is not going to change. And so I would not point to any single thing. I would just point to ongoing financial discipline. When we make commitments, our expectation is that we will deliver those commitments using all the levers that exist in the company. And making the right risk reward trade-offs, because, at the end of the day, we want to provide reliable service, maintain a safe operation and commitment to employees. So it's no one thing, but it's just ongoing financial discipline.
Operator: Our next question comes from Travis Miller with Morningstar.
Travis Miller: I was wondering going back to the retail usage trends, particularly on the residential side, I suppose. Are you seeing any kind of penetration on distributed generation at all and what might change that?
Lynn Good: It's modest at this point. So we are a company with 7.2 million meters. We serve about 20 million to 25 million customers and we have about 5,000 to 5,500 rooftop installations. I do think that there is an ongoing interest on the part of customers to pursue distributed generation when it makes sense for them. I think the one distinction that I might make in many of our service territories, our retail rates are extraordinarily competitive. We are 20% below the national average here in the Carolinas, as an example. So the economics have not been as favorable as they might be in other jurisdictions where the prices are just frankly higher. So we think about our renewable strategy for the company, including economic forms of renewable investment, it's in primarily utility scale up to this point, but we do believe customers will have an interest over time if the economics continue to improve on distributed generation.
Travis Miller: And then I wonder if you could give an update on the Atlantic Coast pipeline, that, or even the projects that you have related to that?
Lynn Good: So the Atlantic Coast pipeline is moving through its early-stage development process with open houses, surveying, engineering work, still targeting a FERC filing later this year, with construction hopefully beginning in 2016, 2017. So it's on track and enjoys very strong support here in North Carolina, represents important infrastructure for the eastern part of the state not only to enable electric generation, but also for industrial growth.
Travis Miller: Do you wait for the FERC filing and any kind of approvals there before you start any kind of projects, power generation, et cetera, that would tie into that pipeline or is that something you can start before that?
Lynn Good: So we look at that infrastructure as being infrastructure that we are building over time, not for any one plant but to continue to provide diversification supply and infrastructure over time. So we've built five combined cycles over the last three to five years. We have another one planned for 2018. And all of those over time underpin this infrastructure, but I wouldn't tie any given plant to the expansion.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ashar Khan with Visium.
Ashar Khan: Just wanted to get a sense of on the – you mentioned the $0.05 to $0.10 on the North Carolina, the municipal acquisitions. Can you just remind us why there's this variance of $0.05 to $0.10, how we can end up at $0.10 versus $0.05?
Steven Young: What we’re thinking about there is basically the financing of it. It's roughly a $1.2 billion investment. Half of that will be through Opco debt and absorbed in the retail and wholesale rates. The other $600 million is the $0.05 to $0.10 range, dependent on, it was financed with cash or with equity. We are not going to issue equity here, but that just gives you an idea of the range. I would think about that more in the midpoint of that range in terms of what it's really going to yield.
Operator: That does conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I will turn the conference back over to Lynn Good for any additional or closing remarks.
Lynn Good: So thank you all for joining us today, for your interest and investment in Duke Energy. I think we'll see a number of you maybe in May at conferences, but we'll look forward to our second quarter earnings call on August 6. So thank you for joining us today.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: William E. Currens - Vice President, Investor Relations Lynn J. Good - President and Chief Executive Officer Steven K. Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Julien Dumoulin Smith - UBS Investment Bank Brian Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC. Christopher J. Turnure - JP Morgan Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Andrew S. Levi - Avon Capital Advisors LLC.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Duke Energy’s Fourth Quarterly Earnings Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Bill Currens. Please go ahead.
William E. Currens: Thank you, Ruth. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Duke Energy’s fourth quarter and full-year 2014 earnings review and business update. Leading our call is Lynn Good, President and CEO, along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today’s discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide 2 presents the Safe Harbor statement which accompanies our presentation materials. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website at duke-energy.com and in today’s materials. Please note that the appendix to today’s presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures to help you analyze the company’s performance and our financial forecast. As listed on Slide 3, Lynn will begin with a review of our key 2014 activities as well as an update on our strategic initiatives within the commercial businesses. Then Steve will review our 2014 financial results to present our 2015 financial plan and discuss our longer term adjusted earnings growth expectations. Before I turn it over to Lynn, let me a take brief moment to give you a staffing update on the Duke IR team. It is with mixed emotions that I announced this is Beau Pratt’s last earnings call. After three new responsibilities within our financial organization this is a great move for Beau and for Duke Energy, but I will surely miss Beau’s knowledge, tireless passion for excellence, as well as his endless smile. Beau, thank you for all you have done in helping us advance our mission to continually provide a high level of service to the investment community. With that, I will turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn J. Good: Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. In 2014, we built upon the momentum we created in 2013 celebrating key milestones and addressing challenges. We continued building our financial track record, achieving our adjusted earnings guidance range and increasing our important dividend payment to shareholders. We announced several growth initiatives that will position the company for the future and completed our strategic review of the international business. In August, we entered into a sale agreement with Dynegy for our commercial Midwest generation portfolio. We also advanced our coal ash management practices and as I will discuss in a moment we are close to an agreement with the government to resolve the ongoing grand jury investigation into our coal ash basin management. Today, we initiated our 2015 adjusted EPS guidance range of $4.55 to $4.75, and also extended our long-term adjusted earnings per share growth objective of 4% to 6% through 2017. This guidance reflects strong growth in our regulated utilities offset by near-term headwinds from foreign exchange rates and oil prices in our international business. Steve will provide further details about our financial plan in a few minutes. Let me review a few operational highlights outlined on Slide 4, including our progress on ash basin closure strategies and Edwardsport. Our fleet and grid performed well during 2014, especially during the demands of the polar vortex last winter. Our regulated nuclear fleets set a new net generation record and achieved an annual capacity factor of 93%, the 16 consecutive year above 90%. We continue to deliver significant benefits from the 2012 merger and we are on track to achieve the $687 million of savings for our Carolinas customers over the first five years of the merger. In fact, 2.5 years into the merger we have generated over 60% of the guaranteed fuel and joint dispatch savings. We also learned from the challenges of the Dan River coal ash spill, we use this event as the catalyst to strengthen our ash management practices and to accelerate our base enclosure strategies positioning us well for compliance with both the North Carolina and Federal CCR requirements. We are currently in settlement discussions with the U.S. government related to the ongoing federal grand jury investigation of the February 2014 Dan River coal ash spill and ash basin operations at other North Carolina coal plants. We expect a proposed agreement could be reached and filed in the next several days for consideration by the court. If approved, any proposed agreement would resolve the ongoing grand jury investigation of the company’s coal ash basin management. Based upon our assessment of probable financial exposure related to any agreement we’ve recognized a charge of approximately $100 million or $0.14 per share in the fourth quarter of 2014. This charge has been recognized as a special items and therefore excluded from our adjusted earnings per share. As the investigation and our discussions are ongoing I will not be able to comment further on this matter. We will keep you updated as we have further information to share. In last year session North Carolina enacted legislation which requires the company close all ash basins in the state beginning with four high priority sites Dan River, Asheville, Riverbend and Sutton. We have also submitted plans with South Carolina regulators to excavate ash from basins at our retired W.S. Lee Steam Station. Our five-year financial plans for 2019, includes $1.3 billion of estimated costs to excavate and close these five sites. As our planning progresses our capital plans will be updated. We expect to provide cost estimates to close the remaining basins one site specific closures plans and timeframes are approved by the coal ash commission by early 2016. Under the EPAs new federal coal combustion residuals rule science continues to support non-hazardous designation of coal ash as a waste. Due to our actions over the past year we have already performed a lot of the initial work and assessments needed to begin establishing closure plans under the new federal rules. As the federal rule is currently written there are some inconstancies with the requirements under the new law in North Carolina. Primarily with ash basin closure timeframes. Ultimately, we will adjust our exciting ash management plans as necessary to comply with all state and federal regulations. As one of the cleanest generating stations in the world, our Edwardsport plan in Indiana is an example of how we're reducing emissions across our system. Edwardsport continued on this path of improved operations during 2014 achieving gas supplier availability factors of between 70% and 75% in the second and third quarters. An extended plant outage in the fourth quarter impacted results. The impact or the plant which began commercial operation in June of 2013 also achieved substantial completion under the contract with General Electric in December. On a regulatory front, the Indiana Commission held hearings on the IGCC 12 & 13 & 13 Semi-Annual Riders earlier this month. Interveners have challenged the in service determination and the plants early months performance. Orders are expected mid-year for these proceedings. Edwardsport is well positioned to be a valuable resource to our Indiana customers for decades to come. I’ll also highlight the performance of our commercial renewable portfolio in 2014; this business exceeded its financial target of $50 million in net income for the year and invested over $500 million in new wind and solar projects. Since its inception in 2007, we have invested over $4 billion in this business and will have over 2000 megawatts of wind and solar generation in service by the end of this year. With our acquisition of a majority interest in REC Solar earlier this month, our commercial renewable business is expanding beyond its past robust on utility scale renewable projects to a broader array of products and services. This business will focus on development of distributed solar generation and energy solutions for the commercial sector. REC Solar has more than 140 megawatts of solar generation already on customer’s rooftop or under construction and we expect growth in this business as we rollout solutions to commercial customers nationwide. 2014 was also an active and successful year in advancing our growth strategy. During the year, we announced new growth initiatives representing a total investment of approximately $8 billion. These initiatives including new generation and new gas and electric infrastructure are summarized on Slide 5. Since our last call in November, a number of these initiatives achieved important mile stones. First, in Indiana our plan to invest $1.9 billion in T&D Infrastructure over seven years was filed under state legislation. Hearings were held last month and a decision is expected in mid -2015. Next our new generation investment in the Carolinas. In December, we’ve received FERC approval to purchase the North Carolina Eastern Municipal Power Agency’s minority ownership in some of our existing nuclear and coal generation for $1.2 billion. We have also filed for approval from the nuclear regulatory commission to transfer the nuclear licenses. The parties will work diligently to close the transaction as quickly as possible with the target to close in late 2015 or early 2016. We also continue to advance our regulated renewable strategy. In North Carolina, we have seen strong growth in Solar supported by compliance with state renewable portfolio standards and state tax incentives. In fact, North Carolina currently ranks fourth in the nation measured by total installed solar capacity. By the end of this year we expect to own over a 100 megawatts of solar generation in addition to a significant amount of PPAs where we purchase the output from other solar generating units in the state. This growth will help us continue to comply with the states growing solar requirements. In South Carolina we are laying the groundwork to develop solar generation for our customers that want that option. Just last week we proposed several programs that will expand renewable options for South Carolina customers under recent legislations. The programs are expected to add up to a 110 megawatts of solar energy by 2021, including more than 50 megawatts of utility scale solar. Next, I will provide an update on our new generation investments in Florida. Last month, we filed a petition with the Florida commission to approve our $166 million acquisition of Calpine’s 599 megawatt Osprey combined cycle plant. This part of the filing we are also seeking approval for construction of the Suwannee peakers in the event that the acquisition of Osprey is not approved timely. Finally, an update on infrastructure projects in our commercial business. On the gas infrastructure front there is good progress on the Atlantic Coast Pipeline joint venture the Dominion, Piedmont and AGL Resources. The utilities commissions in both North and South Carolina have approved our regulated subsidiaries entering into 20-year gas transportation agreements with the pipeline. The project also requires FERC approval which the joint venture will seek to secure by mid-2016. These important growth initiatives support our ability to continue providing our customers affordable, reliable energy from an increasingly diverse generation portfolio. These investments also provide a solid foundation for our long-term adjusted earnings growth rate of 4% to 6% through 2017. As you will recall last February we initiated a strategic review of our international operations which today comprises about 10% of our overall business mix. We conducted a comprehensive review process that examined various options including exiting the business, growing the business on our own and achieving scale and efficiencies through various partnerships and joint venture structures. As the result of our review at this time we believe it is in our shareholders best interest for us to own, operate and create value with the business. We are taking steps to access $2.7 billion of offshore cash associated with the historic earnings of the international business. We will also continue to optimize the value and efficiency of this business. This valuable international cash help support the robust growth investment portfolio in our domestic businesses as well as the dividend. We will be disciplined with incremental international investments to meet our investment criteria and provide long-term value and growth. Before turning the call over to Steve, let me update you on the sale of our non-regulated Midwest Generation business is outlined on Slide 7. In August, we entered into an agreement to sell this business to Dynegy for $2.8 billion in cash. We had expected to close the transaction by the end of the first quarter of 2015. However, in January FERC requested additional information, in particular further analysis of market power concentration. Parties to the transaction responded to FERC on February 6 and FERC has established a shortened common period through February 23 on the updated application. Separately Dynegy entered into a settlement with the Independent Market Monitor, such that the IMM will not oppose the updated application. FERC approval is the final regulatory approval required to close. We expect to close the transaction by the end of the second quarter. We expect to deploy the $2.8 billion of cash proceeds to recapitalize our business in a balanced manner. A combination of an accelerated stock repurchase and debt reduction through the avoidance of holding company debt issuances. We will maintain flexibility with this plan, based on the circumstances of the time of closing. We are committed to maximizing shareholder value and this transaction with Dynegy is expected to be accretive to our adjusted EPS in the first 12 months after closing. And thinking back on 2014 and looking forward to the year ahead of us I am proud of the team at Duke. We are advancing our strategic growth initiatives, maintaining our sharp focus on financial discipline and pursing excellence in operations and customer service. We are focused on growing and adapting as we position the company for a changing future, and to continue meeting our 24/7 obligations to our customers, communities and investors. I look forward to reporting our progress during 2015. Now, I will turn the call over to Steve to provide financial updates.
Steven K. Young: Thanks, Lynn. Today, I’ll review our full-year 2014 results to discuss the economic conditions within our service territories, including customer volume trends. I will conclude with our financial plan for 2015 and our longer-term adjusted earnings growth expectations. Let’s start with 2014 results as outlined on Slide 8. My comments were focused on the year-to-date results versus our original plan for the year. For more detailed information on variances versus last year. Please refer to the supporting materials of the company’s today’s press release. We achieved 2014 adjusted diluted earnings per share of $4.55 within our revised guidance range of $4.50 to $4.65. On a reported basis 2014 earnings per share were $2.66 compared to $3.76 last year. The difference between reported and adjusted earnings per share for 2014 is primarily driven by three items. Approximately $930 million of pretax impairments taken on the Midwest Generation Fleet of $373 million tax charge recognized this quarter associated with our plans to return cash from international and an approximate $100 million charge related to potential financial exposure to resolve the ongoing federal grand jury investigation. Overall, I am pleased with our ability to achieve our revised guidance range for 2014, despite facing some challenges throughout the year. Our regulated businesses exceeded their 2014 plan by about $40 million due to favorable weather partially offset by emerging cost, the winter storm respiration in coal ash related activities. Absent these cost O&M and Regulated Utilities would have been slightly lower than 2013. The Commercial Power segment fell slightly short of plan for the year. Largely due to higher purchased power cost to our competitive retail business during the first quarter polar vortex and outages at the Midwest Generation Fleet. This decline was partially offset by the renewables business which delivered around $60 million of net income above our expectations for the year. Internationals results were in line with our expectations. Higher earnings in Chile resulting from a one-time tax benefit were substantially offset by unfavorable hydrology in Brazil. Before moving on I’ll touch on our strategic decision at international. As Lynn mentioned our international strategic review resulted in a plan to allow us to efficiently use our offshore cash. Historically, our intent has been to permanently reinvest the undistributed earnings from our foreign operations in offshore investment opportunities. As a result of this intent we have now previously recognized U.S. income taxes on these amounts we only recognized foreign taxes. In the fourth quarter, we declared a taxable dividend of $2.7 billion in the form of notes payable related to historical undistributed earnings. This gives us the ability to use this cash in the U.S. As a result we recognized a $373 million U.S. income tax charge this quarter; we expect to remit between $1.2 billion and $1.4 billion in 2015. With the remaining amount remitted by 2022. We currently have $1.7 billion of offshore cash. Considering both the impact of this transaction and the one year extension of bonus depreciation recently enacted by Congress, we do not expect to be a significant cash tax payer until the 2018 timeframe. Respectively cash generated from the international operations will mostly be used to payoff the notes of its parent Duke Energy, the remainder will be reinvested in the international business. As a result these future uses of cash, we will not accrue any U.S. income taxes on future earnings. Duke Energy’s overall tax position presented us with the unique opportunity to implement this structure and use foreign tax credits making it more tax efficient than it otherwise would have been. Moving on to Slide 9, I’ll now discuss our retail customer volume trends. For the full-year, overall weather normalized retail load growth was 0.6% inline with our expectations for 2014. Excluding the impact of two large industrial customers that closed during the year in Eastern North Carolina. Our weather-normal retail load growth would have been 0.8%. Industrial and commercial had been stable over the past several years as these classes have lead the economic recovery. Both classes grew at 1% in 2014, led by the automotive, metals, chemicals, healthcare and education sub sectors. Our economic development team played a key role in improving 85 new industrial and commercial projects to our service territories during the year. These projects represent $3.5 billion in capital investments and over 11,000 new jobs in our six state service area. Notable companies included GE, Wal-Mart and Amazon. Turning to the residential sector, for the last several years we have seen consistent acceleration in the growth of the number of customers in our service territories, this growth is now around 1% with particular strength in the Carolinas and Florida. However, offsetting this growth has been declining usage per customer trends. We believe this decline is due to several factors, including an increase in the number of apartments and condominiums as appose to single family homes. However, looking forward there are positive signs in the residential sector. Full-time employment in our states continues to improve. In 2014, 20% of the new jobs added in the U.S. were in states served by Duke Energy. Additionally, the fourth quarter saw gains in median household income. As well as growth and housing starts in our service areas. Based on this data in 2015 we are anticipating retail customer load growth between 0.5% and 1.0%. If the economy continues to recover and consumers gain more confidence, we believe longer-term load growth trends should improve to about 1% annually. Moving on to Slide 10 and our adjusted earnings guidance range for 2015, which is between $4.55 and $4.75 per share. I will briefly touch on our primary assumptions for 2015. Based upon achieving the midpoint of our guidance range for the year. Let’s start with the key drivers of regulated utilities, which is expected to deliver around $0.07 of additional earnings per share in 2015 over 2014. Significant drivers include retail load growth of between 0.5% and 1.0%. Additional wholesale earnings, as a result of new contracts, earnings through Riders or AFUDC on our regulated investments. And finally, our continued focus on maintaining an efficient cost structure. Our commercial power segment is expected to contribute increased earnings per share of approximately $0.11 in 2015. First, our renewables business continues to grow with around 375 megawatts of new wind and solar generation set to come online in 2015. We expect renewables to contribute around $100 million in net income during 2015 and our adjusted earnings will continue to include the Midwest Generation Fleet until the Dynegy sale closes, which we assume will be by the end of the second quarter. The user proceeds from the sale of Midwest Generation Fleet is expected to provide a $0.05 earnings uplift in 2015. These growth drivers are being partially offset by weakness at international as we expect segment earnings per share to decrease by approximately $0.12 during the year. The decline is largely due to three factors, one declining earnings, contributions from our interest in national methanol, with sales products that are correlated to crude oil prices. Our plan assumes a $65 per barrel Brent crude oil price for the year. Two the impacts of foreign exchange rates as we expect the U.S. dollar to continue strengthening against the Brazilian Real and three the prior year Chilean tax benefit, which will not recur. Our 2015 assumptions for international assume normal hydrology in Brazil. Even though the rainy season has started slow, it’s too early to speculate on the likelihood of rationing this year. If hydrology is unfavorable, or worse rationing is implemented in Brazil, we will have an unfavorable impact on our financial results for the year. The midpoint of our 2015 guidance range fall slightly below the bottom of our 4% to 6% long-term adjusted diluted EPS objective, primarily due to the weakness I just discussed it internationally in particular National Methanol and foreign exchange rates are driving approximately $0.12 year-over-year decline. Additionally, the recent decision to extend bonus depreciation through 2014, causes our net operating loss position for tax purchases to extend into 2015. This NOL precludes us from taking the full manufacturers deduction in 2015 resulting in an unfavorable recent impact to our earnings projection for 2015. We also have a wider guidance range than normal, $0.20 versus $0.15. This range covers additional uncertainty due to the volatility in crude oil prices, foreign exchange rates and the timing of closing the Midwest generation sale for Dynegy. As I will discuss in a moment, the post 2015 growth profile is very promising and we continue to project the longer-term adjusted diluted EPS growth objective of 4% to 6% through 2017. Slide 11, shows our high level 2015 cash flows and financing plan. In addition to cash flows from our normal operations, our decision to repatriate cash from international and the anticipated sale of our Midwest Generation business is expected to provide significant cash flows this year. We expect to quickly put this cash to work in support of our financial objectives to a balanced recapitalization. Our planning assumption is a split of 50% debt retirements of the holding company and 50% for the accelerated share repurchases. Our plans could change based upon circumstances at closing. The financing plans supports our dividend, strong balance sheet and credit quality. We do not perceive the need for equity issuances through 2017. Let’s shift now to Slide 12 and our longer-term adjusted earnings per share growth objective of 4% to 6%, which we are extending through 2017. This long-term growth objective is anchored to the Midpoint of our 2013 adjusted earnings guidance range of $4.32 per share. We experienced 5% growth from this space in 2014, which was driven impart by implementation of revised customer rates in the Carolinas and Midwest. Let me explain the primary drivers of our 4% to 6% growth over the next three years. I will start with regulated utilities. We do not anticipate any base rate cases through 2017. Our growth was expected to be supported by retail and wholesale load growth and significant investments. First, retail load growth provides additional earnings out of the existing investment base in particular in between rate cases. As a rule of thumb 0.5% to 1% of annual load growth provides roughly 1% to 2% earnings growth. Second, our regulated wholesale business will grow significantly in 2015. As we enter new contracts in our existing contracts growth. We expect $0.10 of growth in 2015 on top of the $0.06 we gained in 2014. Third, we expect to invest between $4 billion and $5 billion annually in growth projects in the regulated business. Although, we do not project the need for rate cases many of these investments will be recovered through riders such as transmission and distribution expenditures in Indiana and Ohio. As well as the Crystal River 3 Rider in Florida and energy efficiency riders in the Carolinas. We’ll approved AFUDC during construction period for large investments that do not get incorporated into rates or riders before 2018 such as the lead project in the Carolinas, Citrus County project in Florida, Fukushima related nuclear investments and environmental projects. Additionally, the acquisition of assets from NCEMPA and the related wholesale power contract will add earnings starting in 2016. In our commercial renewables business we expect to continue growing our portfolio wind and solar generation deploying around $1 billion to $2 billion over the next three years. Additionally, investments in the Atlantic Coast Pipeline will add about $1 billion of capital through 2017. The balance recapitalization plan using Midwest Generation sale proceeds is also expected to be accretive to a long-term adjusted earnings per share growth. Finally, our international business. We expect to strengthen the U.S. dollar to be a headwind through 2017. Our forecast assumes Brazilian reservoir levels will return to normal by 2017. It is also important to remember that we are projecting annual demand growth in Brazil at slightly above 2% and National Methanol we do not expect the current level of depressed oil prices will persist into 2017. Our ownership percentage of NMC is expected to decline from 25% to 17.5% in mid-2016. The core National Methanol business remains strong as that is one of the most efficient methanol production facilities in the world. Next, let me briefly highlight the risk to our growth plan both near and long-term as I see them. We will continually monitor variability in retail load growth trends, in particular the residential calls, solid load growth is important to meeting our earnings targets. Additionally, we will keep our eye on some of the variables at international such as hydrology in Brazil, foreign exchange rates and crude oil prices. Finally, it would be important that we continue to manage our cost and realize efficiencies in the business. Even though our 4% to 6% earnings per share growth objective is to 2017, I want to give you a feel for some of the growth drivers we expect as we look into 2018 and 2019. First, the new generation projects in Florida and the Carolinas are expected to be completed and move into rates either through [Riders] or base rate adjustments. Additionally, we expect to continue investing around $4 billion in 2018 and 2019 in the growth projects for new generation, T&D Infrastructure and environment compliance. The Atlantic Coast pipeline is expected online in late 2018 and discretionary growth projects in our commercial renewable business will provide additional support to our growth. Due to our size and scope, we will have different growth drivers at different times; taken together these drivers provide us solid foundation with continued growth overtime. Slide 13 outlines our financial objectives for 2015 and beyond, we have an established track record of achieving those objectives and have a strong plan in place to continue delivering attractive returns for our investors. We have met or exceed our earnings guidance range for five consecutive years; we have delivered on our overall long-term for the 66% adjusted diluted earnings per share growth objective since 2009. Today, we announced our 2015 adjusted earnings guidance range of $4.55 to $4.75 per share and we extended our long-term adjusted earnings growth objective of 4% to 6% in 2017. We will continue to focus on the dividend which is central to our investor value proposition; we have reliably paid a quarterly dividend to our shareholders for 89 years and have grown the dividend for seven consecutive years. We currently pay $2.2 billion annually in dividends to our shareholders within our targeted payout ratio of between 65% and 70%. With that, let's open the line for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll go first to Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Daniel Eggers: Hey, good morning, guys.
Lynn J. Good: Hi, Dan.
Steven K. Young: Good morning.
Daniel Eggers: Now that you've gotten through the review on the international assets and you have reiterated the 4% to 6% EPS growth target, how do we think about the balance of growth? Because I assume you guys are embedding little or no growth international, which means the domestic businesses are actually going to grow faster than 4% to 6%. Is that fair?
Lynn J. Good: Dan, we continue to look for ways to invest capital. So you will find some growth capital and our expectations and international, but given the fact that it’s roughly 10% of the business you can expect greater growth, the lion share of the growth coming from regulated. The only other thing I would add that is as I think about regulated earnings growth is not just the utilities I think you put the pipeline into that category as well FERC regulated growth item that will show up in commercial, but nonetheless its important to the growth picture.
Daniel Eggers: And then I guess kind of from a treatment from an earnings perspective from the international because you guys took the charge in the fourth quarter, there's going to be no change in realized tax rate even as you bring international earnings back to the U.S. because I guess you guys front-end loaded the tax payment. Is that the right way to think about what you guys did?
Steven K. Young: Yes, that’s correct what we’ve done is recognize the income tax liability associated with historic earnings. Prospectively we will not include any U.S. income taxes. And we are projecting that our effective tax for 2015 will be about 32%.
Daniel Eggers: Okay, just one last question. Just on the renewable investments, you had Dominion at their analyst day who said that they were going to keep investing for another year or two and then look to monetize those renewable businesses, given the fact the lower EPS contribution to asset deployed. How does that fit to you guys' thoughts on investment in that business and the right fit for you relative to maybe some of these yieldco folks who can pay more for a similar set of assets?
Lynn J. Good: Dan I think there are a couple of questions in here, one our competitive positioning and then what is the long-term strategic set of renewables. And we continue to see it as an important place for us to deploy capital. We see growth in that area, but like any element of our business from time-to-time will set back and see where it fits and how does that optimize value, but that’s as far as I would go at this point, overall we see renewables becoming an increasingly part of the generation portfolio. And we’ll continue deploying capital in a manner that creates the most value for our shareholder.
Daniel Eggers: Great. Thank you guys.
Lynn J. Good: Thank you.
Steven K. Young: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Michael Weinstein with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Hey, it’s Julien. Good morning.
Steven K. Young: Good morning, Julien.
Lynn J. Good: Julien also known as Michael. How are you?
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Thank you quite well. I wanted to perhaps follow up on Dan's question there, and kind of come back to the 4% to 6% for 2016 and 2017. Is that weighted towards 2017, or are you really think about a real pickup next year? If so, what are those drivers as you think about the domestic businesses? To what extent does capital deployment also drive some of that improvement, 2015 to 2016?
Lynn J. Good: Julien, I would point to guidance for 2015 and then the long-term growth rate of 4% to 6%. And we’ve given you some visibility and what you are going to see in 2016, so we hope to close the Eastern Power Agency. We will begin showing earnings from other launch from capital deployment, we have certain things that will occur on riders. So I think we’ve given you the pieces, we aren’t prepared to give specific guidance on 2016 today, but we feel like we’ve developed the pipeline that will drive growth into the future.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: But to be specific here, is 2016 kind of the improvement, or ultimately you are not ready to say 2016 versus 2017 to get to that 4% to 6%?
Steven K. Young: I don’t think we want to get into 2016 versus 2017 at this point, but what I would describe to you is that the growth portfolio is strong, we are projecting to be investing an average of $8 billion a year. 2014 was a relatively low capital year and that’s just the nature of the business in terms of the timing of the resources you need for your regulated business when you are closing deals. We are looking at 2016 being nearly $10 billion of investment and you include the NCEMPA acquisition. And our rate base is growing, our regular rate base growing 6%. So it’s hard to know exactly how that will manifest itself through rates riders AFUDC exactly, but the investment base is growing.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Great, and a small detail here. You said you expect that the Midwest transaction would close midyear. Is that a reflection on an any more bearish view on timing, or is it really kind of – or could potentially be a little earlier than that?
Lynn J. Good: Julien it’s a planning assumption. I think what the accelerated common period that FERC put forward in the settlement that Dynegy has reached with the market monitor, we believe closing could occur more rapidly, but for planning assumptions we put it into the second quarter and we’ll update as events unfold. It’s difficult to predict with certainty FERC’s timeline.
Julien Dumoulin Smith:
. :
Lynn J. Good: Thanks, so much.
Steven K. Young: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Brian Chin with Bank of America.
Brian Chin: Hi, good morning.
Lynn J. Good: Good morning, Brian.
Steven K. Young: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Chin: Just to springboard off Julien and Dan's questions, for the recovery of the EPS trajectory back to 2016 from 2015, the way I took your prepared comments there is a little bit of a drag in 2015 on FX and oil. So is some bounceback on those assumed in the 2016 guidance, or is it your view that the growth portfolio is strong enough to account for an FX oil price environment that sort of perpetuates from 2015 onwards, and you still get back to the 4% to 6% trajectory?
Lynn J. Good: Yes, Brian what I would say we’ll be closely watching oil prices for example I do not - we do not believe that the level we are at today will persist, in Steve’s remarks we set into 2017 we also are not projecting they persist into 2016 at this level either. So we have a combination of things in our portfolio that we think will come together, but I think directing attention to the investments is important because that’s going to be the most significant driver of growth over the long-term for the company.
Brian Chin: Great. Thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good: Thank you.
Steven K. Young: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold: Good morning.
Steven K. Young: Good morning.
Lynn J. Good: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan P. Arnold: Quick question, just so I understand what you have done on repatriation. You described it as a tax-efficient solution, but then you seem to be booking what I guess is a worst-case scenario on tax. What happens if there is some form of a tax holiday going forward? Will you then release some of this reserve? And because you have structured it as a note, does that effectively help with this? Could you just put some light on that comment?
Steven K. Young: Sure, let me give a little color to that, we booked roughly $370 million in the fourth quarter related to this. And that reflects a tax efficient structure, we don’t expect before 2016 any comprehensive tax legislation, there are various proposals that are kicked about and in fact President Obama’s proposal talks about 19% tax on repatriated earnings which would be less efficient then what we put in place. So I think we have maximized our ability to utilize foreign tax credits and taking advantage of our tax positioning pretty well with this structure.
Jonathan P. Arnold: Okay, so there's not a potential for it to improve, or is there? That's kind of like?
Steven K. Young: Well, I think that we’ve recognized the right liability based on our historic earnings and it basically represents kind of a top off tax between foreign tax amounts accrued and paid and the U.S. tax rate and what is also unique here is that we will not be approving any U.S. income taxes perspectively which helps as well.
Jonathan P. Arnold: Okay, and then another topic on wholesale. I think I heard you say $0.10 of wholesale may come in 2015, on top of $0.06 in 2014. Does some of that carry forward into 2016 on a full-year basis, and just what you would think about 2016 and 2017 on the wholesale line?
Steven K. Young: As we move forward 2014 and 2015 were big years where we stepped into wholesale contracts, so we saw some nice growth there. That will level out a bit after 2015. We will continue to see some growth in wholesale as our existing contracts grow and we step into some smaller ones, it won’t be at the level that we have seen in 2014 and 2015.
Jonathan P. Arnold: Okay, great. Thank you guys.
Lynn J. Good: Thanks Jonathan.
Steven K. Young: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Yes, hey guys, congrats on a good year.
Lynn J. Good: Hi Mike.
Steven K. Young: Okay.
Michael Lapides: Just a question on Slide 23, and then kind of thinking about core growth in net income versus growth in EPS. Your regulated utility growth is about 2%, kind of as you outline on this slide. Commercial power has $90 million of kind of nonrecurring benefit in it in 2015, meaning that won't be there in 2016. Just curious when you think about drivers of the 4% to 6% longer-term, how much of that is driven by just longer-term continued reductions in the share count? Or do you view this as kind of a one-time buyback that's being done now and then there's no more kind of major capital allocations outside of dividends on the equity side of the balance sheet going forward?
Lynn J. Good: You know Michael, we are certainly going to use balance recapitalization to address the accident of the Midwest generation business. We think that is an appropriate utilization of proceeds given where we are at this point. I think what you can expect on regulated utilities is that growth will be lumpy at time for lack of a more sophisticated word, because of capital deployment rate case is another thing. So as you look at 2015 it’s a no rate case year, and so we would expect growth to accelerate there around reflection of the earnings from the investments we're putting in place. We also expect commercial will grow as we continue to put renewable investment to work and as the pipeline begins to show up. So I think we could talk to each of these individually, but there will be growth that shows up from deployment of investment and this is share repurchase we think it’s consistent with the exit of a business.
Michael Lapides: Okay, just to sanity check one thing on the pipeline; will you be booking AFUDC earnings during construction? So the earnings impact will actually happen before the pipeline goes in service?
Steven K. Young: Yes, that’s correct, we will Michael.
Michael Lapides: Got it, thanks guys. Much appreciated.
Lynn J. Good: Thanks, so much.
Steven K. Young: Sure.
Operator: We will go next to Chris Turnure with JP Morgan.
Christopher J. Turnure: Good morning Lynn and Steve.
Lynn J. Good: Good morning.
Steven K. Young: Hello.
Christopher J. Turnure: I just wanted to talk a little bit more about 2015 at the regulated utilities first. We've talked about it a lot so far, but just I would've expected a little bit more growth even without a rate case there, given the fact that you are getting the load growth and all of that wholesale growth even though weather normalization is going to hurt you. And then you also mentioned a couple pennies of a tax hit as well. Is there anything else within 2015 specifically that we might be missing there?
Steven K. Young: I think typically when you look at 2015 for the regulated utilities you got the organic load growth that we are looking at for the retail, the wholesale those are pieces there. We should have some growth from Riders and AFUDC as investments build. But again 2014 was a low capital year so we are just starting to build the tank on some of these larger investments such as the lead combined cycle in the Citrus County. So there maybe lag in some of that build up that you see in 2015 relative to where we are going to be in 2016 and 2017 and maybe a part of it there. And then there is what we call rate lag, if you will, and that’s O&M which we are trying to hold in check and have had success doing that thus far, but there is always emergent cost that have to be dealt with. And then there is additional depreciation and interest on capital projects – smaller capital projects that go into service prior to a rate case. So those are kind of the major components. And I think that one of the things you maybe also factoring in is nuclear levelization, which impacts our O&M in an unusual fashion we got a large benefit in 2013 from nuclear levelization as we started to levelize nuclear outage costs. And that has negative impacts in 2014 and 2015. After 2015 we will be through with that and it won’t be a driver.
Christopher J. Turnure: Okay. Then if we look at the drivers for the international segment for 2015, you do say that you are assuming normal hydrology throughout the balance of the year or the entire year overall. It doesn't look like that is much of a driver, though, in terms of EPS. We have the crude headwinds and the forex headwinds, but should we not be thinking about that helping earnings a lot this year?
Steven K. Young: Well, I think you hit the major drivers which are the FX in the crude for international, when you look at hydrology in Brazil I think we are assuming normal hydrology, but I think even under normal hydrology the thermals will be dispatched first throughout the year, that would put some constrains on our hydro generation capabilities or contract pricing does grow and those contracts are profitable. But given the thermal dispatching order even under normal hydrology coming out of two years of drought that will constrict some of our ability to make sales into the spot market. So there is some offsetting things there in Brazil. I think you hit the big drivers for international with FX in oil pricing.
Christopher J. Turnure: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Lynn J. Good: Thank you.
Steven K. Young: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll go next to Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha: Thank you, good morning.
Lynn J. Good: Good morning.
Ali Agha: Steve, in your 2015 guidance you gave us your assumptions for crude – for oil price as well as the FX in Brazil. Can you remind us what the sensitivities are around that base assumption?
Steven K. Young: Yes, the 10% movement on the price of oil is in the neighborhood of $0.01 to $0.02 and that’s an annual basis.
Lynn J. Good: $10.
Steven K. Young: $10 on the price - thinking of the oil always remain on a $100 and then 10% movement on FX rates for the entire year is in the neighborhood of $0.03.
Ali Agha: Okay. And then secondly for the NCEMPA acquisition, I see that you have assumed $0.05 to $0.10 of earnings. Why is there that $0.05 delta in that contribution? I would have thought it would be fairly set once you complete that acquisition.
Steven K. Young: And those assumptions around financing basically, if it were finance entirely with cash, then you would be at the upper end of that range, if it were financed 50% at holdco debt and you would be at the lower end of that range. So we are just incorporating some financing sensitivities there.
Ali Agha: I see. Then lastly, Lynn, coming back to the international business, once you have brought that cash back in and you've managed it well that way, going forward your exposure oil price, what about what happens to hydro and the remaining out in Brazil with FX going? There's still that variability out there. From an earnings perspective, I don't hear much about that it's going to grow like your regular business does. So strategically, would that still fit the profile that you're trying to create here with stable, visible, predictable earnings and dividend growth?
Lynn J. Good: I think you raise a good question and certainly as we undertook the strategic review we were looking at both elements, we were looking at cash optimization and we are looking at growth. I think we came up with an outstanding solution around cash and I think its particularly time really when you think about the level of capital spending and projects we’ve identified in the domestic business, but we do have some near-term headwinds from our growth perspective. The NMC investment was not a part of the strategic review, that’s a joint venture that we are in and towards the later part of the 2020s and so we will continue to have some volatility around oil prices. And I think the business in Latin America we do have some foreign currency, we have hydrology in the short-term, but we believe that this markets represents strong markets over the long-term and we will continue to look for ways we can optimize value out of that portfolio. I think stepping back from all of that we should also recognize that this only 10% of Duke’s business.
Ali Agha: Right, but we are done with the review. This is not something you will come back another year or two. I mean this was pretty comprehensive and we are done for now?
Lynn J. Good: We are done for now.
Ali Agha: Great, thank you.
Lynn J. Good: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Lynn J. Good: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Good morning, can you hear me? How are you?
Steven K. Young: Hi.
Lynn J. Good: Yes, good.
Paul Patterson: Just a follow-up on the oil and currency expectations post-2015. As you know, the forward curve is sloping upward to begin with. So I was just wondering when you say that you don't expect them to stay at these low levels, are you talking about the forward curve in general? In other words, do you have an expectation above the forward curve or and to get and through get best for the most part right now or is this just you are just commenting on the fact that the forward curve goes up considerably in the next few years?
Lynn J. Good: Yes, so we use the fund with the forward curves, Paul to plan our business, we’ll of course look at sensitivities around that, but we do not have an independent market view.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great. Then with respect to the sale of the Dynegy, I think Julien was asking about this. If you guys were to sell it earlier, considerably earlier, would that have a material impact on 2015?
Steven K. Young: No that would not have a material impact you include some of the earnings from the Midwest gen from that period of time, the recapitalization benefits we kick in earlier in the net of those two is immaterial.
Paul Patterson: Okay, that's it. The rest of my questions have been asked. Thanks a lot.
Lynn J. Good: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Andy Levi with Avon Capital.
Andrew S. Levi: Hi good morning.
Lynn J. Good: Hi Andy.
Steven K. Young: Hey Andy.
Andrew S. Levi: Hi, how are you doing?
Lynn J. Good: Good.
Steven K. Young: Good.
Andrew S. Levi: Just one clarification on the wholesale at the utilities, or really I guess at the Carolina utilities. How does that work in a rate case? Because you have your growth and then you said there was like growth in – smaller growth in 2016 and 2017. But if you file a rate case in, let's say, North Carolina, is there some type of true-up? I'm just trying to remember.
Steven K. Young: There is not a true-up, let me – some of the mechanics I’ll explain, when you file a rate case you will typically look at who are your firm customers retail and wholesale and you will allocate costs in that fashion and in the states we will set retail rates based upon those cost allocated to the retail customer load. So the existence of firm wholesale does impact base rate allocations.
Lynn J. Good: On a perspective basis.
Steven K. Young: But perceptively you do don’t go back and say well let's redo the allocations in the past.
Andrew S. Levi: Okay. So for like modeling purposes – I'm just throwing out numbers – let's say there was a $0.15 benefit over a two-year or three-year period in between the rate cases. You don't lose that $0.15, but I guess it gets taken out on the retail side. So if you were going to have, I don't know, a $200 million rate increase, there's some type of adjustment on the retail side to compensate for the benefit on the wholesale side. Is that kind of the way to look at it?
Steven K. Young: Perceptively that’s the way to look at it. Yes, you will reallocate cost based on your retail and wholesale customers again on a perspective basis.
Andrew S. Levi: And is there a way for us to figure that out, or that's too complicated for us?
Lynn J. Good: Andy I think offline the IR team could talk you through that but I think we are talking about something that’s two or three years down the road and probably a better conversation as we get closer to the rate cases.
Andrew S. Levi: Great, okay. Thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good: Thanks so much.
Steven K. Young: Good. End of Q&A
Lynn J. Good: Okay, I want to thank all of you for joining the call today and for your interest in Duke Energy. We look forward to seeing many of you in March as we pursue and attend many of the conferences. So thanks again.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  William Currens – VP, IR Lynn Good – President and CEO Steven Young – EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Julien Dumoulin Smith – UBS Greg Gordon – ISI Group Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Hugh Wynne – Sanford Bernstein Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Andy Levi – Avon Capital Advisors Greg Gordon – Evercore ISI 
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Duke Energy’s Third Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Bill Currens. Please go ahead.
Bill Currens: Thank you, Tracy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Duke Energy’s third quarter 2014 earnings review and business update. Today’s discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide 2 presents the Safe Harbor statement which accompanies our presentation materials. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on duke-energy.com and in today’s materials. Please note that the appendix to today’s presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures to help you analyze the company’s performance. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, President and CEO, along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared we will take your questions. Other members of the executive team will be available during this portion of the call. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. Earlier today, we released third quarter adjusted earnings results of $1.40 per share. These results are impacted by milder than normal weather, unfavorable results in Latin America and weaker retail load compared to the prior year quarter. Our year-to-date results remain above our internal plan, and we remain on track to achieve a revised 2014 adjusted EPS guidance range of $4.50 per share to $4.65 per share. Steve will provide more about the financials in a moment. Let me spend a few minutes on operational performance and progress and how we are positioning our business for growth. Our regulated nuclear fleet set a record quarterly capacity factor of 98% in the third quarter. Our regulated natural gas fleet also performed well achieving at least 80% capacity factor at eight of our nine combined cycle plans in the Carolinas and Florida. We also continued to deliver significant benefit from the 2012 merger with Progress Energy. Through the third quarter, we generated about $360 million of cumulative fuel and joint dispatch savings for our Carolinas customers. We are on track to achieve to guaranteed savings of $687 million over the first five years. By the end of this year, we expect to deliver non-fuel O&M savings of about $550 million, exceeding our original assumptions. It has been an active and successful quarter in advancing our strategy. Let’s turn to Slide 4, and several of our growth initiative announcements during the third quarter, including new generation and new gas and electric infrastructure. I’ll briefly summarize a few of our key announcements. In September Duke and Piedmont Natural Gas announced a joint venture with Dominion and AGL Resources, to build and operate the Atlantic Coast Pipeline. The 550 mile natural gas pipeline begins in West Virginia and runs through Virginia and into Eastern North Carolina. Duke will have 40% ownership interest in this project through our commercial business. The pipeline has a total construction cost estimates of between $4.5 billion and $5 billion. The pipeline is over 90% subscribed and a binding open season for the remaining firm transportation capacity is currently underway. Our regulated subsidiaries in the Carolinas will enter into 20-year gas transportation agreements with a pipeline. The Utilities Commissions in both North and South Carolina have approved our regulated subsidiaries entering into these agreements. Since the announcement the project has received broad support. Over 5,000 letters have been received across the project’s three state regions voicing support for the pipeline. An independent study estimates that the project can generate a total of $2.7 billion, an economic impact by 2019, supporting over17,000 jobs. The project requires FERC approval, which the joint venture will seek to secure by the summer of 2016. Last week, Dominion on behalf of the joint venture submitted a pre-filing with FERC, which begins the extensive review process. Construction is expected to be completed in late 2018. Secondly, we plan to invest in our transmission and distribution infrastructure in Indiana. In August, we filed a seven-year $1.9 billion grid modernization plan with the Indiana commission, under legislation recently enacted. The plan uses advanced technology and infrastructure upgrades to improve service to our Indiana customers. Hearings are set for December, with the decision expected in the second quarter of 2015. As highlighted on our last earnings call, we finalized an agreement for the $1.2 billion purchase of the North Carolina Eastern Municipal Power Agency’s minority ownership in existing nuclear and coal generation. This transaction provides significant benefits. The proceeds will allow the Power Agency’s cities to reduce their customers’ rate and debt burden. Duke Energy Progress customers will also benefit from long-term cost savings and increased fuel diversity. Last month we filed for FERC approval of the asset purchase agreement and the 30-year full-requirement wholesale agreement with the power agency. Under the agreement the transaction must be completed by the end of 2016. In September, we announced plans to commit $500 million to solar expansion in North Carolina. This supports compliance with the state’s renewable portfolio standard. In addition to signing power purchase agreements with five new solar projects for 150 megawatts, we will acquire and construct three solar facilities totaling 128 megawatts. We have filed with the North Carolina Utilities Commission for approval to transfer the Certificates of Public Convenience and Necessity for the facilities to be acquired. These important growth initiatives support our ability to continue providing our customers affordable reliable energy from increasingly diverse generation portfolio, as well as providing a solid foundation for our long-term earnings growth rate of 4% to 6%. Now let me turn to Slide 5, which summarizes our new generation projects in the Carolinas and Florida. Overall, these projects will replace generating capacity that has or will be retired. And will help us meet the long-term load growth in our service territory. These projects represent around 3,000 megawatts of capacity and almost $3 billion of investments through 2018.
 : Site certification approval for Citrus County is expected in late 2015. We continued to evaluate our options for additional capacity in Florida. We are negotiating with Calpine on the potential purchase of their Osprey combined-cycle plant. We’re also continuing to evaluate the addition of 320 megawatts of peaking capacity at our Suwannee facility. We expect to ultimately move forward with one of these options. We will keep you apprised of our plans as we finalize our evaluation and make filings with the Florida Commission later this year or early next year. A potential Osprey acquisition would also require FERC approval. Turning to Slide 6, I’ll provide an update on coal ash management activities during the third quarter. In August the North Carolina legislation passed the Coal Ash Management Act of 2014, which became law in September. This law requires closure of all coal ash basins in the state within 15 years, while preserving the ability to make site-specific closure decisions based on science and engineering. It also establishes the nine member of Coal Ash Management Commission to oversee implementation of the law. It requires the North Carolina Department of Environment and Natural Resources to evaluate and issue a proposed classification for all wash basins as either high, intermediate or low risk by the end of 2015. The law designates the ash basins of Dan River, Asheville, Riverbend and Sutton as high priority and requires them to be closed no later than August 1, 2019. We have begun developing excavation plans, permitting applications and other work at these four sites. We will be filing our excavation plans for these four sites with NC DENR later this month. In a moment, Steve will provide an update on the accounting implications of the law. During the quarter, we also took proactive steps to advance our coal ash management program. First, we announced the new centralized internal organization to manage all coal combustion products. We also announced the formation of the National Coal Ash Management Advisory Board, a panel of nine independent experts from fields such as engineering, waste management, environmental science, and risk analysis. This panel will help guide our strategy for permanent ash storage and base enclosure. Before, updating you on Edwardsport, let me provide some comments, on the EPA’s proposed rule for regulating carbon-dioxide emission from existing power plants. Since issued in June, we continue to evaluate the rule and engage with our state regulators. We are developing comments and plan to submit them to EPA by the revised deadline. We have made significant progress over the last decade in reducing the environmental impact of our generating facilities. We’ve invested over $9 billion in building new state-of-the-art plants, as well as $7.5 billion in environmental controls. These investments have resulted in CO2 emission reductions of more than 20% below 2005 levels, as well as significant SO2 and NOx emission reductions. It is important that the rule recognize these investments for the benefit of our customers. Our comments will focus on the composition and achievability of the four building blocks as well as the interaction between the building blocks. We are also focused on the pace and timing of the required reductions, specifically the interim date requirements and the potential impact on system reliability. Nuclear is an important part of our generation fleet in the Carolinas, the appropriate treatment of existing and new nuclear generation in goal setting and compliance will also be an important area of focus. We expect the rule will receive a significant volume of comments as well as legal challenges. We will continue to keep you updated on our thoughts on this rule making as it evolves over the coming months. Next, let’s turn to Slide 7, in our Edwardsport plant in Indiana, which achieved commercial and service in June of last year. We have completed GE’s rigorous performance testing protocol and have validated that all major technology systems are working. To achieve substantial completion of the contract with the GE, we are finalizing the plants ramp rate performance, which we expect to complete later this year. Planned output and overall performance has improved during the year. Gasification availability averaged 75% during the second quarter and 70% during the third quarter, including a planned maintenance outage to begin in September. Gasification availability exceeded 90% during the critical months of July and August. This plan is well-positioned to reliably serve our Indiana customers for decades to come. The right side of the Slide outlines the status of the regulatory proceedings associated with the plant. IGCC-11 is fully briefed and we are awaiting a commission order. The commission will hold hearings on IGCC-12 and IGCC-13 in February. Orders are expected for all three pending proceedings in the first-half of 2015. The commission will examine the operational performance of the plant in the normal course of reviewing our semi-annual writer filings. Any Edwardsport IGCC-related fuel costs are reviewed in connection with the quarterly fuel costs proceeding. We will continue to update you on these important regulatory milestones. Before turning the call over to Steve, let me update you on the sale of our non-regulated Midwest generation business to Dynegy for $2.8 billion in cash. As outlined on Slide 8, we expect to close the transaction by the end of the first quarter of 2015. The closing date will depend on the timing of approvals including FERC, Department of Justice, and our release from certain credit support obligations. The use of proceeds for this transaction remains under evaluation and will be determined as we approach the closing. Proceeds could be deployed in a combination of funding growth investments, avoiding future holding company financings or a stock buyback. We are committed to maximizing shareholder value and expect the transaction to be accretive to our adjusted EPS beginning in 2015 or 2016, depending on the closing date and how the proceeds are redeployed. We will keep you updated in our progress in the coming months. Overall, in looking back at everything we have accomplished so far this year, I am pleased with how we are executing our business plans, advancing growth initiatives, strengthening our operational performance and delivering reliable service to our customers. We look forward to a strong finish to 2014. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Steve to discuss our financial performance for the quarter.
Steven Young: Thanks, Lynn. Today, I’ll focus on four areas: first, the primary drivers of our third quarter results; second, our retail volume trends and the economic conditions within our service territories; third, important accounting changes made in the third quarter; and finally, I will close with our financial objectives including the status of our 2014 adjusted earnings guidance range. Let’s start with the major earnings drivers for the quarter, as outlined on Slide 9. Our quarterly adjusted diluted EPS $1.40 was below the prior year’s quarterly results of $1.46 per share. As we discussed during our last earnings call we expected slightly higher adjusted earnings per share in the third quarter, compared to last year. However, adjusted earnings this quarter were hampered by three principal drivers. First, weather was below normal by around $0.06 per share. Additionally, unfavorable results at International Energy and lower retail customer load growth also contributed to reduced third quarter earnings. Overall, based on the strength of the first two quarters we remain on track to achieve our revised 2014 adjusted earnings guidance range of $4.50 to $4.65 per share. On a reported basis, we earned a $1.80 during the quarter compared to $1.42 last year. Reported results include an approximate $475 million pre-tax reversal of a first quarter impairment charge related to the sale of our Midwest generation business. This impairment reversal is recorded in discontinued operations and has been excluded from the company’s adjusted diluted earnings per share results. Next, let me discuss the key quarterly earnings drivers for each of our major segments. I’ll start with our largest segment, Regulated Utilities, where adjusted earnings were essentially flat during the quarter. For the second summer in a row we experienced mild weather compared to normal. However, the weather this quarter was normal than last year, driving favorable quarter-over-quarter results. Cooling degree days were around 10% below normal in the Carolinas and almost 30% below normal in the Midwest. Other favorable drivers included higher pricing, primarily associated with our 2013 rate cases at Duke Energy Carolinas and a favorable effective tax rate. These impacts were offset by higher depreciation and amortization expense and interest expense primarily associated with the new assets in the rate base and lower retail customer volumes. We also entered into a fuel settlement this quarter offsetting the benefit of revised rates at Duke Energy progress. Cost control efforts have helped us achieve flat non-fuel O&M when compared to last year’s quarter. We are driving costs out of the business through our merger related initiatives. International Energy’s quarterly results were $0.05 per share lower this year primarily driven by higher purchased power cost in Brazil resulting from core hydrology. We also had an unplanned outage at one of our hydro facilities in Chile. This outage has been resolved and the unit is currently online. As you will recall we operate hydro generation plants in Brazil that are dependent upon adequate reservoir levels to generate electricity. In 2014 Brazil has experienced the most severe drought in around 80 years and reservoir levels are at near historic lows. In response to the draught Brazil’s regulatory authorities are dispatching thermal generation at full capacity. In anticipation of below normal rainfall and challenging hydrological conditions we’ve reduced our contracted capacity levels for 2014 and have taken similar actions for 2015. We will closely monitor reservoir conditions as we move through the fourth quarter and enter 2015. Commercial Power’s adjusted earnings were $0.05 per share higher, primarily driven by increased earnings at the Midwest generation business. Midwest generation was supported by higher PJM capacity prices which increased from $28 per megawatt day in the prior year to up $126 per megawatt day currently. The other segment variance was primarily driven by a favorable prior year state deferred tax adjustment. More detailed quarterly adjusted earnings drivers for each of our segments are included in today’s presentation materials and press release. Moving on to slide 10, I’ll now discuss our retail customer volume trends. In the third quarter of 2013 we experienced strong retail load growth of 1.7%, a challenging level from which to grow period-over-period. As we saw in the first quarter of 2014 adjusting for weather can be imprecise especially over shorter periods of time. For these reasons we find low growth trends more meaningful when evaluated over a longer term period. Through the third quarter weather normal retail load was 0.7% higher on both a year-to-date and a rolling 12 month basis. This is ahead of our full year expectations of 0.5% growth. We continue to see growth in the industrial class. In fact this was the sixth consecutive quarter of growth in this sector. Results in our commercial and residential sectors have been more volatile. Based upon historic trends we believe the consistent growth we have seen in industrial will expand to the other sectors as the economic recovery gains more solid footing. Let me briefly highlight some of the recent trends we are monitoring in each major customer class. First, the industrial sector, where sales grew 0.6% over the rolling 12 months. We have experienced recent weakness in our Duke Energy Progress territory where sales continue to be negatively impacted by two chemical plant closures late last year. Outside of Duke Energy Progress industrial activity in our other jurisdictions remained strong with overall growth of around 2% over the rolling 12 months. The Midwest and Duke Energy Carolinas jurisdictions continue to see strength in the metals, chemicals and transportation sub-sectors. Building product manufacturers have also shown recent strength. Next the commercial sector where sales grew 1.1% over the past 12 months. Overall, this sector continues to benefit from recent strength in the healthcare, education and government areas across all jurisdictions. This strength has also been supported by positive long-term employment trends. Turning to slide 11, I’ll provide some insight into our residential sector, which has experienced 0.5% growth during the rolling 12 month period. As you can see in the chart the total number of customers in our jurisdiction continues to grow consistently by around 1%. We experienced 1.5% growth in Florida, 1% growth in the Carolinas and around 0.5% growth in the Midwest. However, volatile customer usage trends effect overall residential load growth. Customer usage can be impacted by energy efficiency and conservation efforts, changes in median household income, unemployment trends and rising demand for multi-family housing. Overall, we continue to be cautiously optimistic about the future based upon the broad trends in the economy. The economic expansion is projected to continue with GDP expected to grow at nearly 3% for the remainder of 2014. Employment activity in the states we serve remains generally favorable with unemployment rates at or below the national average. To-date in 2014 approximately 20% of U.S. non-foreign job growth is in states served by Duke Energy, particularly in the manufacturing and construction sectors. Our affordable electricity rates continue to attract businesses to our service territories. Our economic development teams are actively pursuing potential projects within our six state footprint. So far this year several new business relocations and expansions have been announced in our service territories, representing around $3 billion in investments and more than 9,500 new jobs. Based on the retail sales growth we’ve experienced over the rolling 12 months and the underlying favorable economic forecasts we remain confident in our longer term growth expectation of around 1%. We expect individual quarters to vary but the longer term economic trends are generally favorable. Let me spend a moment discussing two important accounting matters that occurred during the third quarter as outlined on slide 12. First, accounting rules require the recognition of an asset retirement obligation or ARO liability of approximately $3.4 billion as a result of the passage of coal ash legislation in North Carolina in September. This obligation has been capitalized on the balance sheet as property plant and equipment for active sites and those are regulatory [assets] for retire sites. The ARO is based upon a discounted probability weighted assessment of various ash basin closure methodologies costs and timelines. The ultimate cost will rely on the sites specific risk classifications and closure methodologies approved by Dinah and the Coal Ash Management Commission as well as the anticipated federal rules for coal ash. We will update the ARO as closure plans continue to evolve. We also had two accounting implications related to the sale process of the Midwest generation business. As you may recall in the first quarter we’ve recognized a pretax impairment of $1.4 billion based upon the estimated fair market value of the assets. Our agreement to sell the Midwest generation business to Dynegy for $2.8 billion is higher than our original estimated fair value. Therefore, we have reversed around $475 million of the previously recognized impairment in the third quarter. This reversal is recorded in discontinued operations and has been excluded from our adjusted diluted earnings per share for the quarter. As a result of the Dynegy agreement, our Midwest generation business now meets the accounting criteria to be classified as discontinued operations for GAAP reported purposes. As we announced at the commencement of the sale process the earnings from this business will continue to be included in our adjusted diluted earnings per share in 2014. Despite the mild third quarter weather and poor Brazilian hydrology we are ahead of plan for the year. We are confident in our ability to achieve our revised 2014 adjusted earnings guidance range of $4.50 to $4.65 per share. This range implies fourth quarter adjusted earnings between $0.80 and $0.95 per share. Slide 13 outlines the key drivers to consider when evaluating our expectations the lower earnings per share in the fourth quarter as compared to the prior year. Many of these drivers are consistent with what we have encountered during the year. Let me briefly discuss a few of the drivers that may not be as intuitive. First, we do not expect a significant quarter-over-quarter variance for revised customer rates as our prior year rate cases were all in effect for the entire portion of the last year’s fourth quarter. Related to the 2013 rate case activity we expect a negative driver in the fourth quarter due to the implementation of nuclear average cost levelization in late 2013. You might recall we realized $0.11 of favorable earnings per share in 2013 mostly in the fourth quarter as well implemented this accounting treatment. This year we expect about $0.05 to $0.06 of a lower benefit in the fourth quarter. We also expect lower results in Latin America, principally driven by the impacts of drought condition in Brazil and unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates. Finally we expect a higher effective tax rate in the fourth quarter than the 31% we recognize last year. We anticipate the full year adjusted effective tax rate of 32% to 33%. Slide 14 highlights the building blocks of our long term adjusted earnings growth objectives of between 4% to 6% through 2016. The left side of these slides shows the components of our base plan which supports an adjusted earnings per share growth of around 4%. This base plan is underpinned by around $3 billion in annual growth investment and assumes modest retail and wholesale loan growth coupled with effective cost management. Lynn outlined the progress that we’ve made this quarter advancing our incremental growth opportunities, including the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and the NCEMPA asset purchase. These incremental opportunities along with [low] growth in excess of 0.5% and optimization of our commercial portfolio give us confidence in our ability to achieve our targeted 4% to 6% adjusted earnings per share growth objective through 2016. Slide 15 outlines our financial objectives for 2014 and beyond. These objectives have remained consistent overtime and we have an established track record in achieving each of these objectives. We are on track to achieve our 2014 revised guidance range and our long-term adjusted earnings growth objective. We are also focused on the dividend, which is central to our investor value proposition. During the third quarter we increased our dividend by 2%. This was the seventh consecutive year we have increased the dividend. We expect to move into our targeted long-term dividend payout ratio of 65% to 70% this year providing additional flexibility going forward. Our balance sheet and credit ratings remain strong allowing us to invest in our business without the need for new equity issuances through 2016. As we normally do in February we will provide our updated financial plans to 2015 and beyond. Now I will turn it back over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: In closing the third quarter demonstrated significant positive momentum in delivering value for our customers, communities and shareholders. And we are laying a strong groundwork and foundation for the future. Now we welcome your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We’ll go first to Julien Dumoulin Smith from UBS.
Julien Dumoulin Smith – UBS: Hi, Good morning.
Steven Young: Hi, good morning.
Lynn Good: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin Smith – UBS: Thanks, first question on the ARO and the overall CapEx OpEx composition of potential spend with the coal ash, could you just give a little bit of flavor around how much this could turn into an earnings opportunity in whatever parameters you can describe?
Steven Young: Well, we have recorded at this point the ARO liability and while we have not begun to spend any significant funds we will begin spending that money in 2015 as we identify four plans that we are going on pretty quickly. Our focus right now is getting these plans approved, getting the permitting done, getting the logistics in place. The ultimate cash spend will be impacted by the decisions made by Dinah and the coal ash commission regarding many of the sites. Ultimately the cost recovery aspect has been kicked to the Utilities Commission. We have made no application for recovery because we haven’t incurred any cost. So ultimately the dispositions of that into customer rates is yet to be decided.
Julien Dumoulin Smith – UBS: Fair enough. Then turning to the international business I’d be curious where do you stand in the strategic review and specifically does the latest hydrological developments in Brazil impacts that review in any sense and really what’s on the table at this point as the process continues?
Lynn Good: So we are continuing to review all options and had set an internal timeline of late ‘14 early ‘15 for our review and we are on pace for that Julien. I wouldn’t say specifically that the hydrology in the year of 2014 is impacting that review, but certainly hydrologic risk, regulatory risk, market risk and opportunities are part of what we are assessing. So when we reach any important milestone in that review we will certainly update you but at this point Julien I don’t have anything further to discuss.
Julien Dumoulin Smith – UBS: Great and then if you will, just turning to Florida quickly, [Necter] has talked about some other opportunities potentially adding solar in the state, gas reserves, I’d be curious what’s your thought process on pursuing those avenues as well?
Lynn Good: At this point our focus is on the significant generation build that we have underway to replace capacity in the states that we are focused as we remarked in our comments on combined cycle upgrades and adding additional capacity. We certainly believe that solar represents an opportunity for the State of Florida as it makes sense for public policy and requirements of our customers and we will pursue that at the right time but I would say our focus at this point is on the gas capacity.
Julien Dumoulin Smith – UBS: Great, well thank you very much.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Steven Young: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Greg Gordon from Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Good morning.
Lynn Good: Good morning, Greg.
Steven Young: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Going back to page seven on Edwardsport can you review the dollars that are being reviewed for recovery in the rider proceedings and what the risk is f the commission were to decide that you weren’t performing up to their expectations?
Lynn Good: Greg, I think, we can take you offline on the specific dollars in each of the filings and the team would be ready to do that as soon as the call over. Let me just give you some color generally about the proceeding. So the commission would be taking up IGCC-12 and 13 in February. They will be focusing on the operating results of the plant. There have been challenges by certain of the interveners during November of 2013 around the concept of negative generation when the plant was down and was drawing power from the grid. We also have discussed previously that we had some challenges during January with freezing 30 degree normal in Indiana we would expect the commission to be reviewing operating activities during that period. So I think between the IGCC filing as well as fuel there will be a comprehensive review of operations and our focus has been on continuing to improve performance and I think the demonstrated results that we shared on the call with 90% availability for the gas supplier in July and August and the overall capacity factors demonstrate that we’re moving in the right direction.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Thanks I will get them offline. That’s all I got, thanks.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: And we will go next to Steven Byrd from Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley: Good morning.
Steven Young: Good morning, Steve.
Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley: I wanted to discuss your tax position and your Latin American assets. Apparently we don’t know where you’ll ultimately come out in terms of your strategic review but if you were to think about selling assets and repatriating the money back to the US, can you discuss your tax position at a high level, I know you have a large US tax loss position, just curious how we should broadly think about tax implications if you were to try to repatriate a fairly large amount of capital from Latin America?
Steven Young: Okay, let’s look at the cash on hand. We’ve got about $1.6 million overseas offshore right now. If we were to make an assertion that all of the previous earnings were to be repatriated over time, we would record a tax liability in the ballpark of $300 million to $350 million. We have not accrued any U.S. taxes on the international operations, but if we said all the past earnings were going to ultimately repatriate, that’s what we would record on our books. Now because of our current NOL position and under the current tax laws with the expiration of bonus depreciation, we would expect to come out of the NOL in 2015 and start utilizing tax credits. We would not be a significant tax payer until 2016 or 2017. So the actual cash outlays related to income taxes on our international operations wouldn’t be made for a few years down the road.
Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley: Okay. So you do essentially, Steve, get some benefit from that tax loss position that you had when you think about bringing capital back, but there is still an accrual, there is still some degree of cash costs when you bring that money back?
Steven Young: Yes, that’s correct. We have both the accrual to catch-up taxes on all the previous earnings, and then the actual cash outlays would be a bit later.
Lynn Good: And so the GAAP accounting or the generally accepted accounting principles require recognition of liability, Stephen, but the cash payment would occur, as Steve indicated, after the NOL is absorbed and we move through the utilization of renewable credits and so on.
Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley: I see. But if you were to try to bring the capital back, let’s say in late 2015, would your tax loss position allow for some degree of a shield of the cash that would be coming back from Latin America?
Steven Young: I’d have to look back at the numbers more closely, but I believe there would be some tax shield there for a period of time, couple of years perhaps.
Lynn Good: Coming into 2014, the NOL was $2.7 billion, Stephen, and I think the other thing that we would need to evaluate depending on what happens in the lame duck session is bonus depreciation extended. I think there are number of other moving pieces that could impact that assessment as well, that you may want to consider.
Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley: That’s a good point. Just wanted to shift over to your pipeline investment and I wanted to better understand how to think about the actual cost of gas that you’ll be procuring. When you source the gas, would you be procuring gas at sort of the overall Henry Hub price, or would it need to be at a discount to Henry Hub because it’s essentially coming from low-cost shale plays and you’ve got to factor in transport costs? In other words, it’s sort of – is the cost of the pipeline kind of in your mind, the sum cost, and then you pay for billing Henry Hub rates, or does that transport need to factor in, and therefore you would be paying a lower price for gas essentially than what we might see in the Gulf of Mexico?
Lynn Good: So I think the combination of things that you’re talking about are still under evaluation on specifics, Stephen, so we don’t have a specific price of natural gas that we’ve locked into in Marcellus. We will have a price that’s implying the transport as we look at making that multiyear commitment for the utilities, but as we stand back and look at the diversity of supply, look at the pricing out of Marcellus, look at the pricing of this additional transport facility into the Carolinas, we think there is a very compelling business case for our customers to have access to low-price diverse sources of gas. And so that’s exactly the business case that we believe excess for underpinning this investment for the benefit of our customers.
Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley: Understood. Thank you very much.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Steven Young: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Yes, good morning.
Lynn Good: Good morning.
Steven Young: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Just on last – this might be – I might be reading too much into this, but last slide – last quarter on your 4% to 6% growth build-up slide, you said finalizing international strategic review and now you just you’ve dropped the word finalizing. Were you close to something that you’re now not close to, and the process sort of extended out a bit, or is the way do you communicating anything that?
Lynn Good: I think you’re reading more into it. And we should use you as part of finalizing our slide, Jonathan, to point out where we’ve used language differently. No, in all seriousness, we’re on the same pace we were on second quarter. And I would love to tell you that analyzing international tax is something that can be done quickly, but there are a variety of complexities and analysis. We’re taking our time. This is an important part of our business that has contributed well for a long period. And so when we have an update on that, we will certainly share it but we’re on target to complete our work late ‘14, early 2015.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: So you’re fairly confident then that you’ll know the outcome on that by the time you give your ‘15 outlook, I guess with the year-end call?
Lynn Good: So that’s certainly our target, Jonathan. And just to step back for a moment, when we undertook this review, we were looking at several dimensions. One dimension is, how do we optimize cash? We’ve had opportunities to bring home cash in a couple of large transactions over the last several years but we would love to solve cash in a way that was more predictable and more consistent with funding in the dividend. And then secondly, we’re evaluating is there a way to improve the growth profile of the business in light of what we see as near-term to mid-term headwinds, currency, pricing, etcetera. So our intent as we finish, our review would be to share our perspectives on both of those objectives, and the work we’ve completed that could accomplished some or all of this objectives as we complete our work.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you. And then just somewhat similar question I’m afraid, but when you first announced the Midwest generation sale, you sounded more robust about the idea that it would be accretive. Now you are saying that it depends on the timing and the ultimate use of proceeds [indiscernible] one way or another on use of proceeds that makes you less confident that this is an accretive deal?
Lynn Good: Jonathan, we continue to see accretion. What we were trying to communicate is the timing is not completely firm, we were hoping actually when we started to close by the end of ‘14. We think it’s probably more early ‘15. And so we’re just kind of talking about that timing as we share that perspective.
Steven Young: But ultimately we do see this as an accretive transaction certainly.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: All right, great. Well, thank you very much.
Lynn Good: Thanks so much.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Hi guys. Just curious, did anything change in terms of your thought process regarding rate case timelines, if any, in Carolinas. The only reason why I asked is the solar CapEx, the development of the Lee facility, just curious about how you get those in rates?
Steven Young: We have no direct plans for rate case activity in the Carolinas right now. We’re looking at our cost structure as we move forward. Typically when you try to play on rate case as I think about data points on rate cases, you look at when a base load plant moves into service, because your cost structure changes at that time. Lee has been scheduled for late ‘17 or during 2018 for commercial operation for the Carolinas. So that might be a point that you’d look at there. Shortly following that or plant additions for DE progress as well. So that’s kind of your starting point. But we’re looking at our cost structure between now and then, in light of other factors. And that could compel us to move earlier or it could push us back later if other events occur.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: And can you give us – change in topics a little bit, when thinking about the Indiana smart grid rollout, what the annual – kind of the average annual revenue increase tied to that would be?
Steven Young: So it’s about less than 1% to around 1%, lower for industrial. The industrial class will not participate in all of investment. And we’re targeting somewhere around $250 million of spending a year around over the seven-year period.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Thank you, Lynn. Thanks Steve. Much appreciate it.
Lynn Good: Thanks so much.
Operator: We will go next to Hugh Wynne from Sanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne – Sanford Bernstein: Thank you. I have a couple of questions. My question goes to Slide 14, where you outlined your sort of 4% to 6% EPS growth trajectory and the drivers that will get you there. 4% growth over ‘15 and ‘16 in earnings is kind of an 8% increase against a 1% increase in retail load over that period, 6% growth over ‘15, ‘16 would be a 12% increase in earnings against maybe slightly more than 1% growth in retail load. I was just wondering, if you could help me understand, how you’re going to close that gap in a way that’s tolerable to rate payers. I understand that 4% range we’re hoping to do with wholesale growth and cost control and the 7% range we’re hoping to do it with accretive acquisitions, but I wonder if you just might give more color on how you close that gap? And secondly, what the long-term implications for EPS growth of 5% load growth are beyond 2016?
Steven Young: Yes so – and let me discuss the growth trends broadly here. As Lynn mentioned, we’ve put together some investments in the pipeline the NCEMPA acquisition. Those provide a strong earnings growth to Senate Bill 560 during the three to five year period we will start to produce some earnings as well. So we feel confident about the earnings growth rate on a longer term basis. When you look year-to-year, some of the drivers to think about, you’ve got weather normalized customer growth and that’s modestly forecasted at 1%. We also have wholesale sales growth and contracts that we’re stepping into, that have produced earnings for us as well. Some of our investments, although not put into rates, do approve AFUDC between rate cases, and that can provide some earnings enhancement as well. Our commercial renewables business has provided a solid 1% earnings growth on a total company basis as well, and we think that business will continue to grow for us. So those are some of the metrics that we look at when we think about our longer term earnings growth rate trajectory. The ability to control O&M between rate cases is critical to utilities as well, and we certainly demonstrated that.
Hugh Wynne – Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Let me just ask a more specific question about the international business. You mentioned that you have this [indiscernible] in Brazil. What are the earnings implications of that beyond the quarter? Are you expecting that a year of depressed earnings, or will it take even longer to reestablish a reservoir from Brazil?
Steven Young: I think when you’re thinking about Brazil hydrology, one of the – probably the key factor to think about is the upcoming rainy season, which typically runs November/December through March/April. And I think the results of that rainy season will be critical to decisions made in 2015. I wouldn’t try to guess at what that rainy season would look like, but I don’t think that you’d see any rationing occur unless there was a third consecutive core rainy season, and it’s the force rationing that really has an impact on earnings.
Hugh Wynne – Sanford Bernstein: Great. Thanks a lot.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We’ll go next to Ali Agha from SunTrust.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you. Good morning.
Lynn Good: Good morning.
Steven Young: Good morning.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Steve, I wanted to be clear on the growth rate targets you had talked about, the 4% to 6%. So as you pointed out, some of your growth initiatives like the pipelines and the additional buyback of the assets from the municipalities etcetera, those are going to start really contributing to you more in the timeframe beyond ‘16. So if I am hearing you right, should we assume that, that contribution keeps you on the 4% to 6% growth rate beyond ‘16, or should we think of those actually taking you above the range? How should we think about these growth initiatives relative to the 4% to 6%?
Steven Young: Yes, we will be rolling out beyond ‘16 in February, as we’ve traditionally done. And that’s the point which we’ll be discussing the longer term projections of earnings, but right now we feel comfortable through ‘16 with the 4% to 6% earnings growth rate.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. But in a high-level sense, is it fair to say that this keeps you on-track, that kind of run rate?
Lynn Good: Ali, I’ll jump in. 4% to 6% is our long-term growth aspiration. We spend a lot of time in 2014 laying the foundation and groundwork for that, by putting projects in place that will give us an opportunity to deploy the capital necessary to achieve that growth rate. And so we are on track to do that. We think we’ve demonstrated that with tangible projects that will deliver earnings that are consistent with what we’re trying to accomplish, consistent with a strong dividend paying company. So we’ll, as Steve said, update more specifics in February, but we believe that we are putting the pieces in place to deliver a strong growth rate.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And then Lynn, can you remind us, the grand jury investigation around the coal ash spill. What’s the status of that? Is that still ongoing, or what’s happening there?
Lynn Good: So the litigation continues Ali, and I can’t discuss any specifics on those matters, but I will say is we’re cooperating fully defending the company. We cannot predict the outcome of these proceedings at this point, but of course, we’d provide updates when they are milestones met.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And my last question, as you talked about using the proceeds from the Midwest sales, one of the potentials for that is share buybacks, but if I put that in the context of these big mega projects, the pipeline and the acquisitions coming up, and put them in the equation, Steve you said, no equity issuance through ‘16. Should we think of this as no equity issuance even beyond ‘16 when some of this big capital spend is going to be used on that ‘17, ‘18 period?
Steven Young: Well, again right now I can’t project beyond ‘16. We’ll be finalizing our plans for beyond ‘16 and discuss that in February. But we’ll be looking at our various spend for coal ash, other investments such as the pipeline in NCEMPA as we make those decisions, and we’ll be firming up beyond ‘16 in February for you.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, but conceptually you’re okay with buying back stock now if you think that makes sense, but then issuing equity in a year or two later if it’s required, I mean, conceptually that’s not an issue?
Lynn Good: No, Ali, I would say that as we look at the options for the Midwest generation, we’ll be considering the timing of all these matters including investments. And our objective is to optimize proceeds and investments in the way that creates the greatest value for shareholders. So I would say all options are on the table at this point and we’ll share more specifics as we move forward.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Fair enough. Thank you.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Andy Levi from Avon Capital Advisors.
Andy Levi – Avon Capital Advisors: Hi guys, good morning. Just a very, very quick question. Just on the international, I guess with – again oil is up actually today, but with oil down so much, I just remember from your initial guidance that you gave back in February. You had a sensitivity on Brent crude, I think it was $10 movement, it’s like $0.02, and never really paid a lot of attention to that. So as you get into next year, obviously we don’t know where Brent crude is going to be, but I guess it’s down about $30, $35 from the beginning of the year. How should we think about that for National Methanol?
Steven Young: Well, the sensitivity that we gave, Andy, is correct. About a $10 movement is $0.02 and that’s a $10 average movement on an annual basis, to make sure that’s clear. So that’s the sensitivity, and that relates to our National Methanol subsidiary, which is a portion roughly 25% of our international business. So we will bake that into our forecast and keep an eye on where oil prices are moving as we make our projections in February.
Andy Levi – Avon Capital Advisors: And does slightly policy – that has nothing to do with it at all as far as how they allocate oil to Asia or to the U.S. and they are pricing there. That doesn’t…
Lynn Good: No. And Andy this correlation that we’re sharing with you is a rough correlation. We’re not actually in the oil business.
Andy Levi – Avon Capital Advisors: Right.
Lynn Good: Okay. So the correlation has generally worked over time. We make more money when oil prices are high and less when oil prices are low, but it’s not a perfect correlation.
Andy Levi – Avon Capital Advisors: Okay. Thank you.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Greg Gordon, Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon – Evercore ISI: Thanks. I have a follow-up question on the pipeline. Just maybe you can clarify a bit. Traditionally the shippers bear the costs of moving gas to where it’s been consumed. And I guess the question is, whether or not because the cost of transportation on new pipes like this, especially given the negative basis that the Marcellus producers are already facing versus Henry Hub is so high might be prohibited for them to make it economic. Is it likely that the transportation costs will be borne to some degree by the consumers?
Lynn Good: So we are entering into long-term transport contracts on the part of our utilities. That was what we put in front of the commission this, Greg, this quarter, so that we could enter into those multiyear transport contracts. And that’s part of the transaction. So the utility customers will bear the transport.
Steven Young: That’s right. And these costs are typically passed through the fuel cost mechanisms.
Greg Gordon – Evercore ISI: No, I completely understand it’s a non-traditional framework relative to what E&P analysts generally think about, in your pipeline as well as some others have gotten push back from E&P investors that, well, it just seems like a very expensive transportation cost. And I pointed out to them that these are consumer-sponsored pipes and I just wanted to get some clarification on that.
Steven Young: That’s correct.
Lynn Good: That’s a demand concept [ph] versus supply. So I think that key distinction, Greg, is we look at the need for natural gas in the Carolinas and our dependency on a single pipeline, we think this diversification makes sense for our customers.
Greg Gordon – Evercore ISI: I completely agree. I just wanted to understand the economics. Thank you.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today’s question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over Lynn Good for any additional or closing remarks.
Lynn Good: So thank you everyone, and thanks for your interest in Duke. We look forward to seeing many of you next week in Dallas at EEI. So thanks again.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bill Currens – Vice President, Investor Relations Lynn Good – President and Chief Executive Officer Steve Young – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Greg Gordon – ISI Group Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Kit Konolige – BGC Capital Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Duke Energy Second Quarterly Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Bill Currens. Please go ahead.
Bill Currens: Thank you, Randy. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Duke Energy's second quarter 2014 earnings review and business update. Today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide 2 presents the Safe Harbor statement, which accompanies our presentation materials. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on duke-energy.com and in today's materials. Please note that the appendix to today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures to help you analyze the company's performance. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, President and CEO along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will take your questions. Other members of the executive management team will be available during this portion of the call. A few weeks ago, we announced the launch of the Duke Energy Investor Relations App, which can be downloaded for free in the App Store or Google Play. This App allows those of you on mobile devices to easily access and download some of the company's most commonly used investor relations materials including press releases, SEC filing, presentations and webcast. All of this morning, second quarter earning materials have been uploaded to the App in addition to being available on the company's website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Earlier today we've released the results for another strong quarter. As a result of our financial performance for the first half of the year, we have increased our 2014 adjusted EPS guidance range by $0.05 to $4.50 to $4.65 per share. I'm very pleased with how we are executing our growth strategy, delivering on our commitments and building positive momentum for the future. July marked the second anniversary of the merger between Duke and Progress. As a result of great focus and team work, we've exceeded expectations from the combination. After two years, we have achieved 45% of our total five year fuel and joint dispatch savings commitment for Carolina's customers. We've exceeded our original non-fuel O&M savings target and we recently completed the eighth required transmission project, ahead of schedule and under budget. We believe the combination continues to deliver significant value for customers and shareholders. As we leverage our scale and operations and in capital deployment. This morning, I would like to update you on the progress of our growth projects, our efforts to maximize value from our commercial portfolio and the status of our efforts around coal ash management and the operational performance of Edwardsport. Then I will turn the call over to Steve to discuss the specifics of the quarter. First growth, for the 5-year period from 2014 through 2018, we are targeting between $16 billion and $20 billion of growth investments. These investments include new generation, infrastructure projects and regulatory compliance initiatives, all of which underpinned are 4% to 6% long-term earnings per share growth rate. The investments is outlined on Slide 4, allow us to meet the needs of our customers and grow the company well into the future. We have made significant progress to advance our portfolio of new generation projects including gas fired generation in Florida and South Carolina and renewable generation in our commercial and regulated businesses. In mid-May we announced plans for three major constructions projects in Florida as outlined on Slide 5. These projects represent a total investment of about $1.9 billion and include a 1,640 MW combined cycle plant in Citrus County. Two new combustion turbine plants that are existing Suwannee plant and an operate project at our Hines Energy Complex. These projects are expected to be in service by the end of 2018. The Florida Public Service Commission will hold hearings on these projects later this month, with an order anticipated this fall. Next, turning to South Carolina we received commission approval in April for our proposed 750 MW Lee combined cycle natural gas plant. The plant is expected to be operational in late 2017 and Duke's share of the investment is expected to be approximately $600 million. Turning to Slide 6, while provide an update on our renewable growth investments. Through 2018, we are targeting total investments of around $2 billion in our regulated and commercial renewable businesses. We presently have 400 MW of wind and approximately 100 MW of solar under construction in our commercial businesses. In a regulated business, we were encouraged by the strong response we received to our solar RSP in North Carolina and are presently negotiating power purchase agreements and ownership options for approximately 300 MW of regulated solar generation. We are also pleased with progress in South Carolina, where the state recently passed comprehensive solar legislation to encourage development of renewable generation. This legislation followed a yearlong collaborative process with important environmental stakeholders. We expect to invest in or incentivize renewable generation of up to 3% our peak load capacity by the end of 2021 representing approximately 150 MW. The law also establishes a process for the commission to review net metering rates, which we expect to occur over the next nine months to 12 months. We will continually to work collaboratively with all interest stakeholders as this legislation is implemented. As summarized on Slide 7, last week we announced an agreement to purchase the North Carolina Eastern Municipal Power Agency's minority ownership and certain existing Duke Energy Progress plants. In all about 700 MW of nuclear and scrubbed coal generation that we already operate. The asset purchase price is $1.2 billion and we would also enter into a 30-year full requirement wholesale contract to supply power to NCEMPA. This agreement provides benefit to both the customers of Duke Energy Progress and the members of NCEMPA. If approved, this transactions would be one of the largest municipal power plant transactions on record. Under the agreement, we are required to close the transactions by the end of 2016. This project is incremental to the capital plan that we shared with you in February and provides additional support to our long-term earnings per share growth objective of 4% to 6%. The ultimate annual earnings contribution from this investment will be dependent upon the timing of closing, appropriate regulatory treatment and how the company chooses to finance the transaction. We currently expected full year earnings, uplift of between $0.05 and $0.10 per share. There are a number of important regulatory milestones that are critical to the successful execution of this purchase. We expect to start this process with FERC filing at the end of this month and will provide updates as the approval progresses. Let me also highlight a couple of infrastructure investments that we are developing. As you know last year, Indiana passed [indiscernible] 560, which was design to streamline implementation and recovery for transmission and distribution infrastructure needs, we plan to make the filing this year resulting in potential investments over 7 years of between $1.5 billion and $2 billion. And in April, Duke Energy and Piedmont Natural Gas jointly issued a solicitation for a major new natural gas pipeline into North Carolina. We received initial bids in June and expect to announce the winner within the next several weeks. While Carolina's utilities expect to enter into a gas transportation contract with the pipeline and we are pursuing an ownership interest in the pipeline underpinning the projects financial liability. The RFP has an initial capacity of at least 900 million cubic feet per day with a targeted and service date of late 2018. We continue to make progress with initiatives related to our non-regulated commercial portfolio as outlined on Slide 8, the exit of the Midwest merchant generation business is progressing. We are in the final phases of due diligence and expect to announce the winning bidder in the next few months. The closing of any transactions is likely to occur in late 2014 or early 2015. Use of proceeds for this transaction are under evaluation and could include a combination of funding growth investment opportunities, avoiding future holding company financing or a stock buyback. We are committed to redeploying the proceeds in a manner that maximizes shareholder value and expect the transaction to be accretive to our adjusted earnings per share beginning in 2016. We are also making meaningful progress on the evaluation of our international business; we are considering a wide range of options including opportunities for growth as well as tax efficient strategies for utilization of our $1.7 billion in offshore cash. We expect to complete this review late this year or early 2015. Next turning to Slide 10 let me provide an update on Dan River. As you know, we have taken responsibility for the accidental discharge of coal ash in early February and have been working on cleanup activity at the site and the river. Our work at the site and the river has been under the direction of the EPA. Last month, we announced that we have met the EPA's requirements to-date, but we'll continue to monitor the rivers' water quality. Our overall goal is to ensure the long-term health of the river. Cost incurred on cleanup activities were approximately $20 million of the first six months of the year. We do not expect total cleanup cost related to the Dan River incident to be material. We are cooperating with and defending the company in ongoing investigations resulting from the Dan River accident. We have also made progress on our comprehensive plans around the near term and longer term management of each of our coal ash basins. We are committed to developing a scientific engineered solution for each site that will protect the environment and allow us to continue to provide safe, reliable and cost effective electricity for our customers. We expect to finalize the development of comprehensive closure strategies by year-end. Ultimately our plans will need to be in alignment with any final legislation in North Carolina and upcoming federal rules for coal ash, which were expected by the end of the year. Our Ash Basin closure cost will be dependent upon the methodology selected and approved for each site. We will continue to refine our projections for closure cost and provide updates as our plans are finalized. We believe the recoverability of coal ash based in closure cost will be determined by the Carolina's Commission. Next let me provide a brief update on the recent legislative session in North Carolina where the General Assembly introduced legislation addressing the management in closure with Ash Basin. The legislator did not come to an agreement on a compromised bill and adjourned last week. The adjournment resolutions contemplate the coal ash legislation could be considered during a reconvened legislative session later this month or later this year. It's important to highlight, that this delay will not impede our actions or our commitments to working constructively with all parties to continue advancing our comprehensive plans for the long-term management of coal ash in North Carolina. Next let's turn to Slide 11 and our Edwardsport plan in Indiana, which achieved commercial in service in June of last year because Edwardsport is a large and complex project [indiscernible] made it that it would build up to its long-term level of availability over 15 months. I was at the site last month and I'm pleased with the progress as well as the dedication of the plant staff. Plant output and overall performance have steadily improved since early this year. When extreme [indiscernible] or cause operational challenges. May, was the strongest month we have seen for gasification to-date and June was not far behind. In fact, gasification availability during the second quarter was around 75%. July's results were also favorable with gasification availability coming in around 80%. We have completed GE's rigorous performance testing protocol and have validated all major technology systems are working. We are reviewing the test data received from GE and preliminary results were positive. During testing we achieved the nameplate capacity of 618 MW and had encouraging preliminary results on heat wave. The right side of the slide outlines a status of the regulatory proceedings associated with the plant. The Indiana Commission has combined two semi-annual rider updates, IGCC-12 and IGCC-13 and will hold hearings in November. IGCC-11 is fully briefed and we awaiting the commission order. The commission will examine the operational performance of the plant in a normal course of reviewing our semi-annual rider filings, while any replacement power cost resulting from the operational performance for the plant are reviewed in connection with the quarterly fuel cost proceeding. We will continue to update you on our operational progress in these important regulatory milestones. Now I'll turn the call over to Steve to discuss our financial performance for the quarter.
Steve Young: Thank you, Lynn. Today I'll focus on three primary areas. First I'll discuss at a high level, the primary drivers to our second quarter results and update you on the status of our earnings guidance range for 2014. Second, I'll discuss our volume trends in the economic conditions within our service territories. Finally, I'll close with our progress toward achieving our overall financial objectives. Let's start with the major second quarter earnings per share drivers as outlined on Slide 12. This morning, we announced 2014 second quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share at $1.11, which exceeds 2013 second quarter results of $0.87 per share. We saw higher quarterly earnings at each of our three business segments. As expected, quarterly results were supported by revised customer's rates. Growth in our regulated wholesale business and higher PJM capacity prices. We also experienced favorable weather and a lower effective tax rate during the quarter. As Lynn just mentioned due to the strong results experienced through the first half of the year. We have increased our 2014 adjusted EPS guidance range by $0.05 to $4.50 to $4.65 per share. I will discuss more details on our revised guidance range at the end of my presentation. On a reported basis, the company earned $0.86 during the quarter compared to $0.48 in the second quarter of 2013. A reconciliation of reported results to adjusted results is included the supplemental materials. Adjusted earnings at our regulated utilizes segment increased by $0.13 per share during the quarter. We continue to benefit from increases associated with our 2013 rate cases in the Carolina's an increases from newly contracted wholesale customers. We experienced favorable weather this quarter compared to below normal weather last year in the Carolina's cooling degree days were around 10% higher than average. The utilities experienced lower effective tax rate during the quarter driven by a State tax settlement that resulted in a favorable adjustment to deferred taxes. O&M cost were also favorable during the second quarter. Partially driven by a prior year donation associated with Duke Energy Progress's rate case and benefits from nuclear average cost levelization [ph]. Absent these drivers our cost control efforts have helped us maintained flat O&M compared to last year's quarter. We continue to drive cost out of the business through our merger related initiatives and are targeting flat O&M cost through 2016. International Energy's quarterly results were $0.09 per share higher this year, primarily driven by a $0.07 favorable tax benefit resulting from a reorganization of the company's operation in July. As a result of this benefit, we are lowering our overall consolidated adjusted effective tax rate assumption for 2014 to between 32% and 33%. National Methanol's contribution for the quarter was $0.02 higher than last year primarily due to an extended maintenance outage that occurred in 2013. Commercial Power's adjusted earnings were $0.02 supported by increased wind and solar volumes from new projects coming on line and higher output from existing projects. Higher PJ and capacity prices drove increased results from Midwest Generation. More detailed quarterly earnings drivers for each of our segments are included in today's presentation materials and press release. Before moving on, let me briefly update you on hydro conditions in Brazil. We continue to closely monitor reservoir levels as we have significant contracted hydro capacity. During the second quarter, the rainy season came to an end and reservoir levels remain low. In order to help preserve reservoir level, Brazil's regulatory authorities continue to dispatch thermal generation in anticipation of below normal rainfall and challenging reservoir conditions. We reduced our contracted capacity levels for 2014. This reduction in contracted levels along with higher short-term pricing has helped us to mitigate significant negative financial impacts from the drought, so far this year. Slide 13, highlights our retail customer volume trends for the quarter and the economic conditions within our service territories. Overall weather-normal retail customer load for the quarter, was 0.4% higher than 2013. This was in line with our overall expectations for the year. We evaluate the economic growth of our service territories of the longer term periods; on a rolling 12-month basis weather-normal retail customer load was 1.6% higher. We continue to be encouraged by broad trends in the economy such as higher median household income levels, low unemployment rates and new customer additions. We remained confident in our longer term growth expectation of around 1%. Economic activity is expected to continue expanding over the remainder of the year. In fact, consensus estimates expect GDP growth to be around 3% in the second half of 2014. Employment activity in the states we served continues to improve with unemployment percentages at or below the US average, in four of the six states we serve. In June, approximately 20% of total US non-farm job growth, which from state served by Duke Energy. Next let me highlight some of the trends, we are seeing in each of our customer classes. First; our resident customers with quarter-over-quarter growth was essentially flat. Household income and available credit heavily influenced this customer class. While these indicators have not yet recovered to pre-recessionary levels. They have shown improvement over time. During the quarter, we continue to experience positive growth in the number of customers that our regulated utilities of around 1%. However, usage per customer was unfavorable during the quarter, largely offsetting the growth in the number of customers. Next, our commercial class experienced quarterly growth of 0.5%. Office vacancies and unemployment rates continue to improve leading to growth and retail sales. Continued higher sales were seen in education, health care and hospitality sectors when compared to last year. And finally, the industrial sector experienced growth of 0.8% in the second quarter. We continue to see encouraging strength in the automotive, construction and metal sub sectors. Economic development within our service territories remains active. Our affordable electricity rates help us track businesses to our service territories. Our economic development teams are actively pursuing potential projects within our six-state footprint which could represent up to $10 billion in new investments and over 20,000 jobs. So far this year, several new business relocations and expansions have announced in our service territories representing around $2.5 billion in investments and more than 5,000 new jobs. We are optimistic about the sustainability of the economic recovery across our service territories. Based on the growth that we've experienced over the ruling 12-month basis. The individual quarters may vary, but the longer term economic trends are generally favorable. I will close with our financial objectives for 2014 and the longer term is outlined on Slide 14. These financial objectives have remained consistent over time. We have an established track of achieving each of these objectives. I'm very pleased with our financial performance through the second quarter. To-date we have benefited from revised grades in the regulated businesses, favorable weather, solid growth in sales volumes and favorable impacts of tax rates. Additionally, we continue to drive more efficiencies across the company. We still have our third quarter ahead of us, which is historically our most significant quarter. In July, we experienced mild weather and do not yet know, if that trend will continue into August. We also expect to accelerate the recognition of certain expenses in to 2014. Primarily, a coal unit outage in the Carolina's as well as some cost to advance our coal ash management work. Despite uncertainty with the weather for the third quarter, we are pleased with the strength of our results to-date and increasing our 2014 adjusted EPS guidance range. We will update you on our progress, when we reported our third quarter results in early November. The balance sheet remains strong, the strong affords us the flexibility to invest in our business and grow our dividend without the need for new equity issuances, through 2016. We are focused on growing the dividend, which is central to our investor value proposition. In June, our Board of Directors, approved an approximate 2% increase to our quarterly dividend. This marks the seventh consecutive year of annual dividend increases. We expect to move into our targeted long-term dividend payout ratio range of 65% to 70% in 2014, allowing greater flexibility in future dividend growth. Finally, as Lynn discussed we are focused on executing our growth initiatives as well as our cost management efforts. We are well position to achieve adjusted earnings per share growth within our 4% to 6% target through 2016. Additionally, some of our growth investments provide support for growth beyond 2016. Now I'll turn it back over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Before closing, I thought I would briefly comment on the EPA's recently proposed rules for regulating carbon dioxide emissions from existing power plant. Since issued in June, we have been evaluating this complex rule in engaging with our state regulators. We intent to remain actively engaged in the tool making process. We support policy that will result in reasonable decreases in greenhouse gas emissions overtime, while balancing impacts to our customers, the economies of our service territories and the reliability that our customers count on. We have made significant progress over the last decade in reducing the environmental impact of our generating facilities. We have invested over $9 billion in new generation. Allowing for the retirement of over half of our coal fleet. And our remaining coal units, we've invested over $7 billion on environmental control equipment. As a result, through 2013 we've reduced our carbon emissions by 20% from 2005 levels. Well also achieving two reductions of 84% and NOx reductions of 63% during the same time period. As we engage in this proposed regulation, our comments will focus on ensuring that this progress is recognized and that these investments continue to deliver value to our customers over the remaining useful life. It's important that our customers receive the full benefit of our early actions, not just actions since 2012. The treatment of nuclear both new and existing is also a clear area of focus for us. The complexity of this rule requires careful study and evaluation, not just of each potential building block, but the interaction of all elements together. We expect significant comments as well as legal challenges to the rule and we will remain engaged throughout the development of this important rule making. In closing and we are executing strategy in a thoughtful and disciplined way, that continues to build momentum and deliver value for our customers, communities and shareholders. And we are developing growth opportunities as we position the company for the future. Now I'd like to open the lineup for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) We will now take our first question from Greg Gordon from ISI Group. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: So, bit of a strategic questions rather than focusing on the quarter because it was clearly, it was a great quarter for you guys, congrats on that.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: There's always been this issue, with strategic review of Latin America, which is really like, okay what are we going to do with the money -- back ? But now, you've got the power plant consolidation investment potential further investment in major pipeline, the potential for the necessity of incremental major investments to remediate your ash ponds. So can you talk about how the sort of burgeoning necessity for capital in your core business might change, the way you're looking at, your Latin American business?
Lynn Good: Greg, the way I would respond to that is, we've had growth aspirations in the range of the $16 billion to $18 billion to underpin our 4% to 6% growth rate for some time and so we've been analyzing all of our strategic evaluations in the context of positioning the company to grow and so when we talk about, the strategic analysis of international, when we look at decision to strategically outfit the Midwest generation, all of that review has been within the context of better positioning the company to grow and deploy capital in the way, that it adds value. So I would think of all those things together and we will provide you with further updates on our thinking and progress on these initiatives as they occur.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Can you refresh our memories, as to your last public comments on the tax efficiency of bringing back the $1.7 billion?
Lynn Good: We haven't made any specific comments, Greg on that item. Let me just maybe give you a little bit of background. We did bring home $700 million in a very tax efficient format, in December of 2013, so that was $700 million basically a basis reduction initiative. We now have a $1.7 billion offshore and we are continuing to look for ways that we can put that cash to use in a tax sufficient manner, so that study is underway as part of the strategic analysis. So you can think of cash utilization supported the dividend and growth is being the three primary objective.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Okay, my last question when you gave the range $0.05 to $0.10 as the annualized earnings impact of the power plant consolidation, what are the financing assumptions that underline that, does that assume sort of debt in equity at sort of consistent with the balance sheet of the Progress Energy Carolina's or some other variable.
Lynn Good: So depending on financing structure, it would fall within that range, Greg depending on how much equity is included and how is debt financed. Steve, would you add to that?
Steve Young: Yes, I would point out that roughly one half of the purchase price would be finance through Opco debt, so we are talking about roughly $600 million that would be of the equity piece that could be financed through cash or through HoldCo debt, I don't envision the need to issue common equity to deal with this.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Great. Thank you, guys.
Lynn Good: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Dan Eggers from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Just extending maybe little one on Greg's line of question, when we think about 4% to 6% earnings growth range through 2016, I guess when do you think you're going to, maybe reevaluate or maybe put more time horizon on that number and then B, with the pipeline out there, with kind of the redeployment of the money's from NCEMPA and selling commercial generation that sort of stuff, what's going to swing you within the 4% to 6% as you see it right now?
Lynn Good: To take the two questions, Dan we will continue to follow our traditional approach on guidance and updated in February, I think we've been in 3-year range for the last couple of years. So that we have provided capital for a 5-year period, so we will continue to update that. I think, the drivers for growth include capital investment and both the regulated business as well as load growth, cost efficiencies, additional renewable growth, which would be both regulated and non-regulated and so, as I think about variables, they can impact earnings over a short or a long-term period. Load growth comes to mind, ability that control cost come to mind and the efficiency and magnitude of capital deployment.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay and then I guess on the coal ash issue, with the EPA rules, stating out there are kind of variety of different fingers in the pot. When do you think, we are going to finalize to have visibility into full capital obligations or capital expenditures and kind of timeline for putting that capital to work?
Lynn Good: The EPA rule that would be [indiscernible] Dan, is expected in December the designation of hazard or non-hazard I believe the timeline for that remains. The plans that we have put forward at this point, have us in a range of $2 billion to $2.5 billion for ash basin closure that's consistent with our historical range of waste disposal updated for the comprehensive plan that we put forward in March. So I think, there are couple of things to watch in terms of refinement of these numbers. One being, we will continue to develop power strategic approach for closure of all of the basins and we are targeting the end of this year. We also have the delay in the legislation in North Carolina, which could be finalized this year that would impact that. And then, I would expect all of these plans to come under review by the regulators in North Carolina over the years to come, which could continue to refine it. So I think, we will reach milestones over 2014 and 2015 for our plants here in the Carolina's and then, it will of course keep you updated as these milestones occur.
Steve Young: And I would also add that, the expenditures related to this activity span many, many years. This is well over a decade to deploy these funds.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay, great and I guess, last question is kind of on load growth. I feel like the last couple of quarters there is more optimism that maybe demand growth is going to sneak above the 1% target you guys have talked about this quarters in the little less enthusiastic unlike for you guys, but across the industry. Can you just talk about trend line and what you're seeing in, if you think the second quarter is more indicative for what you saw, in the preceding quarters is maybe where trend was?
Steve Young: Well, Dan you've hit on the challenge of looking at quarterly data. Certainly the first quarter of 2014 was probably heavily influenced by weather. We tried to pull the impact of weather out, but that's as much hard as science. The second quarter, the results were lower in line with our forecast, but when you look at a 12-month rolling average, you see that we are around 1.6% growth. The broad economic indicators continue to improve and we look at unemployment number of customers added in our service territories household, median household incomes, those kind of things. Overall, we do feel like it is improving, but given the volatility that we continue to see quarter-to-quarter we are not ready to move beyond the 1% long-term growth. We will be updating our forecast normally in the fall and see what it looks like then.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Firstly, this one question on what you said about the drought in Brazil. Steve, I believe you said you've taken down the sales commitments and that had substantially mitigated what would have been more negative impact. Can you give us a sense of how much of the residual negative that still in the 2014 number as you see it now, if any? And just a bit more some more numbers around what you said that?
Steve Young: Well our contracting strategy has paid off benefits so far in the first two quarters of 2014 as we mentioned. We are not in the position to predict, how the final two quarters will come out. We are out of the wet season. The reservoir levels are low, during the low 30% and this is the time of year, where they will decline will come into a new rainy season in the fall and that will be critical to the final results for the year. The contracting strategy of lowering should benefit as well throughout the year, but again it's hard to say where those reservoir levels are going to be and what hydro capacity is going to be available to serve the commitments we have at this time. We'll just have to wait and see.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Through the first two quarters, is it bad to say, your actions mitigated any negative impact or there was still some drag embedded in the numbers?
Steve Young: Well, the first two quarters certainly are contracting strategy was beneficial to us and perhaps I'm not understanding your question. I don't know enough to predict the final two quarters.
Lynn Good: So Jonathan, what I would add is, we were in line with our expectations for the first two quarters for Brazil and it's the items that Steve talked about, the lower contracting gave us the ability to take advantage of higher spot prices in the first two quarters.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: You kind of ended up about on plan and your comment as you avoided, what you otherwise been a loss.
Steve Young: That's true.
Lynn Good: For reductions and earnings, yes.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Yes and then secondly, could you comment at all about the recent reports that you'll involved in the late stages of [indiscernible] sale in Colombia, just in the context of your comments about being focused on potential growth avenues in international business?
Lynn Good: Jonathan, we are not involved in the late stages of bidding for [indiscernible].
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you for that and I think, one other thing I just wanted to clarify, you mentioned that NCEMPA transaction is, incremental to 4% to 6% is that more in the sense of, it's incremental beyond 2016 or is that statement more, this could push you above the growth rate in 2016, how should we've going to interpret that?
Steve Young: I would think about the NCEMPA investment as giving is confidence in the 4% to 6% growth rate. It's the type of capital the discretionary type capital projects that we are pursuing and certainly this will provide earnings over its life of the wholesale contract with municipalities beyond, but I would say, it gives us confidence in the growth rate.
Lynn Good: Jonathan, the incremental comment that we made, its incremental of the capital that we shared with you in February.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Lynn Good: We've been trying to increase that growth from the $16 billion to the $20 billion by identifying and pursuing these growth initiatives, so this is one of the key ones.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: So that whole Slide 7, should been seen as sort of the difference between $16 billion and $20 billion effect of it?
Lynn Good: That's correct. 
Steve Young: That's correct.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Michael Weinstein from UBS. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Hi, good morning. It's Julien here, actually.
Lynn Good: Very good. How are you, Julien?
Steve Young: How are you, Julien?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: I wanted to follow-up on a few items here. First with regards to the pipeline RFP, could you talk a little bit about potential ownership interest and also talk a little bit how that might be structured to what level, you might take that ownership, etc.?
Lynn Good: Julien, it's premature to go into any more specifics on this, as we pursue the solicitation. We did pursue of course options, we were looking for transport capacity for the utilities, so were also looking for an ownership interest and so that will be a part of our ongoing discussions as we finalize, this solicitation, but I don't have anything more specific to share at this point.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Fair enough and then moving on to the coal ash side, could you give us a sense, one; where the conversation is today with respect to the total spend versus what you disclosed previously and then secondly as you think about that, how does it compare, what are the key moving parts here as we look towards negotiations in the back half of the year, for total spend?
Lynn Good: Julien, you may recall and it's actually in this slide deck as well in the appendix. We put forward a range of spending for North Carolina around the ash basins that began in the left hand side of the chart. I'm referring you to Slide 40 at this point, on the left hand side of the chart representing our historic numbers for waste environmental spending updated for the plans that we put forward in March, 2014 following Dan River. On the right hand side of the page, would be a full excavation of all ash and North Carolina as well as conversion to zero liquid discharge. There are expectations, is that we will end up somewhere in between those two numbers overtime and as I shared in the comments earlier in the call. Those final estimates will be revised as closure strategy and the methods are developed and approved. Right now based on the commitments that we've made, I would say we are in the range of the 2 to 2.5, but these numbers will be refined as additional work, engineering, science, approvals, etc proceed.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: All right, thank you and then moving back to the international side, if you don't mind. Could you talk a little bit more about how to make any potential transaction accretive? And specifically what I'm getting at is how do you think about potential partnerships and driving synergies out of any deal? Perhaps is there an opportunity used the offshore cash back to invest in the growth as a way to perhaps transform the business.
Lynn Good: I will say, all options are on the table, when we do a review of this sort looking for ways, that we can streamline the business, looking for ways we can drive growth, optimize cash, etc. so I would say all options are on the table at this point and as we progress and reach final conclusions will of course provide an update. We are targeting end of 2014, early 2015 at this point.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: And just to be clear, a little nuance there, does the current hydrological situation drive timing or consideration of transaction etc?
Lynn Good: No.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Okay, excellent. Well thank you very much.
Operator: We will take our next question from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Just a couple of questions about the good all fashion regulated side of house. When you think about rate cases, over the next year? What new ones do you anticipate filing across the system?
Steve Young: Michael, in terms of looking at our rate cases, we had a lot of activity in 2013 in the Carolina's and Ohio as well. So we don't have any base rate cases planned for a while. Our settlement in Florida, sets up a lot of trackers for significant cost, but keeps us out of base rates for a while. So we don't have any plans through 2016 for base rate increases. We may look at our Duke Energy Progress, South Carolina jurisdiction as a potential area. We'll keep an eye on that, but nothing in the near term given all the activity that we concluded in 2013.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it. One other questions and this is about the potential new projects would you developed down in Florida as well as the NCEMPA acquisition you've disclosed. One the Florida one, there is a lot of opposition to those developments because there still is, Florida is one of the States, where there are still a lot of non-regulated merchant, combined cycles and peekers [ph] kind of hanging around, guys who are obviously willing to sell into a utility either RFP or actually sell the asset to a utility like yours. Just curious in terms of how you think regulators will look at that option, with kind of the cost benefit analysis and also if you can address on the NCEMPA process there was a lot of going back to the progress merger, there was a lot of back and forth with the FERC bell [ph] potential market power issues in the Carolina's, how would think acquisition kind of screen in terms of market power in the Carolina's?
Lynn Good: Taking both of those, Michael on Florida. I think you've raised a key question on whether or not the investments that we've put forward represent the lowest cost option for customers and that will be the center piece of the regulatory review in August. We believe that, the process that we've undertaken, which include in RFP for the Citrus County combined cycle will support that what we put forward is the lowest option, but I think that will be the center piece of the regulatory proceeding that will occur, this month continuing through the final approval process. On market power, we report very closely at this. We do not see a market power issue with the NCEMPA transaction. A couple of things I would note, is we are acquiring generation and load of a comparable amount. So we are not acquiring excess generation and the fact, that we already operate these units has us in a position, where the dispatch of the units will not change as a part of the acquisition. So those are both, we believe key considerations in the market power analysis.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Thanks, Lynn. Much appreciated.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jim [indiscernible] from TRT Capital. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: I've got a couple of simple questions. One is on the dividend, I know you have this targeted 65% to 70% payout ratio, but as I do some of that math. It seems like you still have a little bit of room to grow above the 2%, what do you think about raising the dividend better than the 2% that you have been doing thus far?
Steve Young: Well, as we've said understand the value of the dividend to our overall proposition. We are now moving into our target range, we've been above at for a while. But that gives us as we've said, as time goes forward. We can continue to earn as we should, that should give us more flexibility and we will certain be looking at increasing the dividend growth rate. Ideally, we would like to get more in line with our earnings growth rate, but it remains to be seen when and how that happens.
Unidentified Analyst: The second quick question is, on the 4% to 6%, thank you for the answer. Second question is one the 4% to 6% growth rate. Can you just refresh our memory is to what, is the base year on that, is it 2013?
Steve Young: Yes, it's the midpoint of the projected earnings range for 2013.
Unidentified Analyst: Right, okay and then last question, is on your Slide number 4, you talk about the new growth investments is $16 to $20 billion over this period through 2018, one of which buckets is new generation is $6 billion to $8 billion, but if just add the numbers up, on the Florida combined cycle lead and the renewable everything, I come up to a number that's less than $6 billion, how should I think about that remaining $2.3 billion or so, to get to that high end of that $8 billion range, so that place hold is that you're just not ready to talk about publicly at this point in time?
Steve Young: Well, I think you can think about our businesses as a whole and kind of zero in on some things. We are going to need to build some new facilities in the Carolina's to meet load growth in the back end of the year, at 1.5% peak load growth, you're going to be growing 300 MW, 400 MW is the Carolina's every year. So every couple of years, you're going to need combined cycles or at least simple cycle CTs in the Carolina's. So there is a fair amount of generation that's going to come in that area, as well. So that will fill a lot of that gap there.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, so the gap is accounted for, it's not something that we should be looking for in subsequent announcements, is what you're saying?
Steve Young: That's correct and also some other categories of spin that are in the total number compliance with EPA regulations. A lot of math work to be done in the next few years and a lot of nuclear related expenditures particularly related to Fukushima. So there is a number of those types of investments that help fill out the portfolio.
Unidentified Analyst: Understand. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Kit Konolige from BGC Financial. Please go ahead.
Kit Konolige – BGC Capital: Couple of kind of scattered questions. First the sale of Midwest gen, you're obviously aware that DPL withdrew their plans from the market. Does that affect what you're doing at all?
Lynn Good: No, Kit. Our process is been part of a strategic evaluation that we undertook at the end of last year continuing into this year and so we are moving forward with our decision, don't have any specific milestones to announce, except to say that process is continuing and we expect to close later this year or early 2015.
Kit Konolige – BGC Capital: Right and how about on the North Carolina pipeline, can you give us any detail of timing on that?
Lynn Good: No, we expect to finalize the review of the solicitation within the next few weeks, Kit and would make an announcement at that time.
Kit Konolige – BGC Capital: Okay, so that's obviously in – and how should we understand Lynn both with regard to the pipeline and to renewable investments? How should we assess Duke's degree of interest in either of those? I mean, are either of those areas going to become a major business segment or this one off type of investments?
Lynn Good: We think about the pipeline into North Carolina, is a very strategic investment for the company, Kit. We see it's being strategic not only the state of North Carolina but to electric supply and the State of North Carolina, as we continue to add gas. I think this will give us an important entry into pipeline and if you think back to the Spectra spin, Duke has had a history of interest in pipeline investment, but I'm not foreshadowing any strategic shift, what we'll focus on at this point is the North Carolina investment. I would say, the renewable have been a part of our story sometime. We continue to add to our commercial renewable business, as well as introducing renewables in our regulated jurisdiction. We see that as an increasingly important part of the portfolio and I think we mentioned in the call, that we have 400 MW of wind and 100 MW of solar under construction right now in support of our commercial businesses. Another 300 MW of solar, that we're negotiating under an RFP and North Carolina. So I would expect to see additional renewable investment in the years to come.
Kit Konolige – BGC Capital: All right and finally, in Florida, Steve you were talking about no red cases in the near future and so on, what I assume you're keeping an eye on the political situation down there. What would it do for your regulatory outlook in Florida, if Charlie Crist made another stunning come back here and became Governor again.
Lynn Good: You know, Kit that's a difficult question. We have to work with all stakeholders and all legislators, governors in our jurisdiction. So we are focused on running our businesses as well as we possibly can, we're also focused on making investments for the long-term value that we can deliver to our customers and we watch politics much like you do.
Kit Konolige – BGC Capital: As a spectator sport, that's how I watch it. I don't know about – obviously it's more important for you. All right, thank you very much
Operator: We will now take our next question from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Just a some really quick ones, a lot of my questions have been answered, but the growth avenues, Jonathan asked you about specific potential acquisition, but I'm just wondering whether or not there is anything in general that you guys might be interested in or that you could share with us, that some general area that you guys might be, that sort of opened up, that you guys might be pursuing or?
Lynn Good: Are you referring to international?
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Yes, I'm sorry, yes I'm referring to international to growth, I'm sorry. Yes.
Lynn Good: Yes, we don't have a specific project that we'd point you to, one of the underpinning of the strategic review as we see headwinds in Latin America from currency and potential re-pricing that puts us in a position where the growth rate isn't as strong, as we like it to be. So we are undertaking the strategic review to look at all elements including growth and efficiency and utilization of cash, but we don't have any specific project that we would draw attention to today.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay and then with respect to the coal ash legislation. There seem to be to sort of competing bills that were sort of buying for against one and another and I was just wondering, if there was any things, that we might have in terms of and I have realized that obviously, those are two potential outcomes and there could be obviously another outcome that could happen or not outcome I guess. I know you guys are working at, regardless you guys are sort of aggressively pursuing the cold ash situation, but how should we think about those potentials outcomes, I guess and what potential impact, it may or may not have on your projected growth rate, in earnings?
Lynn Good: Paul, what I would say is that the either the legislature has been delayed, I think it's difficult for us to speculate at this point about, either the timing of reconvening or the scope and approach of the legislature would take. I do think, there is a strong commitment on the part of General Assembly to get the legislation right and so they're being deliberate and thoughtful in their process. And we have given you some broad parameters around, how we think about the potential cost and the other things that I would indicate that you should keep in mind, with all of the ash, if this is going to play over a number of years. So even if you look at the existing profile of this Senate and House bills, there were targets over five years and 10 years and 15 years over deployment would be an over a very long period of time. So that's all I would say at this point and will of course keep you informed as progress occurs.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Well, is it safe to say perhaps that within your, reach [ph] that you've given these outcomes would probably be within that range regardless of which one would happen or does that make sense, you got what I'm saying?
Lynn Good: Paul, I think you know getting back to this range of cost that we've included on Slide 40, so we have $2.5 million and this is just North Carolina, $2.5 million on one and $10 billion on another end. So the more expedition of ash, that could arrive will increase the cost. Again, timeframe is important five years, 10 years, 15 years to accomplish that. So I don't think, based on where we are right now. We can't give you any more specifics on, where we think it will end up, the legislation is been delayed and we will have more to report as it progresses.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay, fair enough and I don't mean to focus too much on, but it seem to be, a lot of these costs would be rate peer oriented cost, right?
Lynn Good: We believe that cost recovery for ash is under the review of the Carolina's commission, but that again is something that would be addressed over time.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: And we will now take our final question from Ali Agha from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Just wanted to clarify couple of comments, you made earlier. First off, Steve for planning purposes that 32% to 33% tax rate in 2014, should we assume roughly the same in the next couple of years as well?
Steve Young: No, I wouldn't try to be that precise as we go forward. We'll have to take allot each year at what's in front of us in terms of our tax optimization strategies and we'll give that year-by-year as we have in the past.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: I see, so directionally though it could go up or down, is the way to think about it?
Steve Young: Well, it could yes, it could move, I don't think it would move dramatically either up or down, but I don't have any insight as to which direction, it might move at this point.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Got it and Lynn, just to be clear maybe you've said that and I may have missed that, but in your international review of all the options you're looking at, is a complete exit from international one of the options or is that off that table?
Lynn Good: I said before Ali, that all options are on the table, but as we approach the strategic review. We did not approach it with exited mind. We approached it, with an objective of trying to optimize the portfolio to pursue cash and more efficient use of cash and growth. So we always look at everything but, more to come as we complete our work and targeting end of this year or early next.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Got it and my last question, also just to clarify, when you talk about exiting the merchant and using the proceeds and so net impact being accretive, is that net impact embedded in the 4% to 6% or could that be upside assuming everything goes as plan?
Lynn Good: It contemplated in the range, Ali if you look at, I believe it would have been in first quarter. It's also on Slide 45 of this quarter's deck, you'll see sort of the makeup how we get to 4% to 6% and redeployment of proceeds is potential item to consider.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: I will now turn the call back to Lynn Good for closing comments.
Lynn Good: So thank you everyone for joining us today. We look forward to our third quarter call in early November and seeing many of you at the fall conference end of BEI [ph], so thanks again.
Operator: This does conclude today's presentation. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bill Currens - Vice President, Investor Relations Lynn Good - President and Chief Executive Officer Steve Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Keith Trent - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Regulated Utilities
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Chris Turnure - JPMorgan Brian Chin - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Duke Energy First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Bill Currens. Please go ahead.
Bill Currens - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Kay. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Duke Energy’s first quarter 2014 earnings review and business update. Today’s discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide 2 presents the Safe Harbor statement, which accompanies our presentation materials. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on duke-energy.com and in today’s materials. Please note that the appendix to today’s presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures to help you analyze the company’s performance. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, President and CEO along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks on the topics outlined on Slide 3, we will take your questions. Other members of the executive management team will be available during this portion of the call. Now, I will turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Bill and good morning everyone. Duke Energy’s value proposition, as outlined on Slide 4, has remained consistent over time. We strive for excellence in our day-to-day operations and to deliver affordable and reliable services to our customers while leveraging our competitive advantages, including the additional capabilities we gained from the merger with Progress Energy in 2012. This focus gives us opportunities to deliver attractive returns to our investors through long-term earnings per share growth as well as the dividends. Our financial objectives have remained consistent over time and we have a strong track record of delivering on our commitments. I am very pleased with our overall strong first quarter. We reported first quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.17 supported by revised customer rates and strong weather normalized retail customer load growth. These results leave us on track to achieve our previously announced 2014 guidance range of $4.45 to $4.60. We responded well operationally to challenging winter weather conditions and the Dan River ash discharge. I want to thank our dedicated team of employees who worked for these challenging conditions with great discipline and resolve. Before I turn the call over to Steve for more detail on the quarter, I would like to provide some business updates, review the status of our strategic initiatives in our commercial businesses, and discuss our progress on our growth investment opportunities. Turning to Slide 5, let me start with Dan River. By now, you have heard a great deal about the accidental discharge of coal ash that resulted from a pipe break under an ash basin in early February. We have taken responsibility and have moved aggressively on a number of fronts. I will talk about Dan River, the immediate actions we have taken and the longer term strategy we are putting in place. At Dan River, we moved quickly to stop the discharge at the site and have been working on remediation of the river. Our company, not our customers, will pay for the pipe break and associated cleanup. These costs were approximately $15 million in the first quarter. Drinking water has remained safe throughout this incident and ongoing water sampling by environmental experts shows that the Dan River has returned to normal water quality conditions. Decisions regarding our remediation work will continue to be informed by federal and state environmental agencies. Our overall goal is to ensure the long-term health of the river and its ecosystems. We also continue to cooperate with ongoing investigations, resulting from the Dan River accident and defend the company in pending litigations. What happened at Dan River has led to a broader conversation about coal ash management in North Carolina, which calls for some context. Duke Energy has disposed of coal ash in line with prevailing standards and industry norms since the 1920s when the company began generating power from coal. Coal ash management is an industry issue. There are currently a total of 676 ash basins across the nation. Duke manages 69 of these, 33 of which are in North Carolina. Establishing practices to safely and cost effectively close our ash basins has always been a priority for Duke. However, the Dan River incident has accelerated a reevaluation of our ash management strategies as outlined on Slide 6. We are currently performing an engineering review of each of our ash basins in order to implement both near-term and longer term actions addressing the ongoing management and retirement for each of our coal ash basins. Near-term actions for North Carolina basins were outlined in the plan we submitted in March to the North Carolina Governor and NCDENR. This site specific plan involves basin retirement at four sites: Dan River, Riverbend, Sutton and Asheville. The plant also addresses actions to convert to dry ash handling at our remaining active sites, the two units at Asheville and Cliffside Unit 5. The North Carolina legislature has said it intends to introduce ash basin legislation in the upcoming short session in North Carolina, which begins May 14. In preparation, the legislature through the Environmental Review Commission has conducted hearings with the expressed purpose of understanding more about the complex topic of ash basin management. At a recent hearing in which we participated, we shared a broad range of cost estimates, which included a range of site specific closure strategies for each basin, including cap in place, beneficial reuse, and movement to aligned landfills. We also discussed strategies for our active coal sites, including dry fly and bottom ash handling. By year end, we expect to complete our comprehensive longer term strategies for all of our 69 ash basins across all jurisdictions. We have a $5 billion to $6 billion overall environmental CapEx plan over the next 10 years, including estimated costs for pending air, water and waste regulations. Our waste assumptions, including coal ash, represent about 50% of this range. Our plans, including costs, will continue to be updated and refined as options are chosen and engineering plans are completed. These planning and cost estimates could be impacted by final regulations from the EPA, which are expected in December. We will work constructively with all key stakeholders on this important issue, including cost recovery. Our coal facilities have prudently served our customers with affordable and reliable power for decades. Cost recovery is currently determined by the state Utilities Commission. We are striving for prudent, environmentally sound and cost effective solutions. We will keep you updated on our progress in the months ahead. During the first quarter’s extreme weather, our teams rose to the challenge and quickly restored service to our customers affected by two significant winter storms. As highlighted on Slide 7, a devastating ice storm in February crippled the Southeast, resulting in over 900,000 customer outages in our Carolina’s territories. In March, we confronted the third largest ice storm ever to hit our North Carolina service territory causing over 800,000 customer outages. Our employees and contractors faced treacherous conditions caused by downed trees and power lines, but were diligent and safely restored service. These efforts resulted in about $80 million in storm restoration costs during the quarter. Our efforts with the February storm were recognized by the Executive Director of South Carolina’s Office of Regulatory Staff. He declared that this storm was the most significant weather event in the state since Hurricane Hugo in 1989 and added when adversity strikes, we can count on Duke to serve the public and earn our admiration and respect. Again, I would like to extend my appreciation to our Duke Energy teams for meeting these extraordinary challenges and helping to provide customers with the level of service they have come to expect from us. The severe winter also demonstrated the value of our post-merger diversified generation fleet, in particular, in the Carolinas. In January, we set an all-time peak demand at Duke Energy Carolinas and a new winter peak demand at Duke Energy Progress. Our Midwest utilities in Indiana, Ohio and Kentucky also set new winter peaks during the quarter. This weather coupled with fuel price volatility highlighted our joint dispatch capabilities for our Carolina customers. As shown on Slide 8, in the first quarter, we generated about $85 million in fuel and joint dispatch savings from our customers, that’s the best quarter since the merger closed in mid-2012. Through the end of March, we had produced $275 million in cumulative savings towards the $687 million of guaranteed savings over the first five years after the merger. We are on track to meet this commitment, having achieved or locked-in about 80% of the total guaranteed fuel and joint dispatch savings for the renegotiated contracts. As you may remember, one of the conditions of the Progress merger required us to execute eight transmission expansion projects to mitigate FERC market power concerns. These projects were committed to be placed in service over time by July 1, 2015. To date, six of the eight projects have been placed in service. The remaining two projects are expected to be in service later this month placing us ahead of schedule and under budget for this important merger commitment. Now let’s turn to Slide 9 and our Edwardsport plant in Indiana, which began commercial operation last June. We estimated that Edwardsport would build up to its long-term level of availability over 15 months. Edwardsport is the large complex project and it has taken time to work out technical issues. Since the in-service date we have been monitoring our success by progressing through GE’s new product introduction protocol, conducting detailed performance testing and optimization procedures, and obtaining valuable operating experience with the new facility. As discussed during our last earnings call, the extreme winter challenged Edwardsport’s performance in the first two months of this year. We took advantage of this downtime by accelerating a scheduled spring maintenance outage into February. Performance significantly improved in March and April. All major technology systems have been validated and we continue to focus on final performance testing and optimization. We are on track to be within the total revised project estimate of $3.5 billion. The right side of Slide 9 outlines the upcoming regulatory calendar associated with the semi-annual IGCC riders and quarterly fuel adjustment clauses. In early April, the IURC issued its order approving our most recent quarterly fuel adjustment clause. In this order, the commission also approved a request by interveners to create a sub-docket to examine negative generation of the site in the fall of last year. A pre-hearing conference was held on April 23 and we are waiting on a procedural schedule. We will continue to provide updates on these important proceedings. Next on Slide 10, I will update you on our process to exit the merchant generation business, which we announced in February. As you will recall the businesses we are exiting includes 6,100 megawatts of coal and gas capacity serving the PJM wholesale markets as well as our competitive retail business Duke Energy Retail. Given the price volatility in this market, these Midwest generation assets are not a strategic fit for Duke. We have completed the required transfer of these assets outside of the utility. The marketing process has begun and we expect first round bids to be submitted this quarter. Our expectation is that final bids, approvals, and the closing process will likely extend into the first quarter of 2015. We expect the redeployment of proceeds to be accretive to our adjusted earnings per share. As a result of our planned exit from this business, we have recognized a pretax impairment loss of approximately $1.4 billion in the first quarter. Steve will discuss the accounting implications in a moment. Next let’s turn to our international business as shown on Slide 11. International includes 4,600 megawatts of generation in Latin America, about half of which is hydro generation in Brazil. This business represents between 10% and 15% of Duke Energy’s earnings mix and has historically been a very good performer. I will start with an update on reservoir levels and rain conditions in Brazil. Reservoir levels were at about 39% at the end of April versus 62% last year at this time. Thermal generation units are being used to preserve reservoir levels and meet customer demand. In anticipation of low reservoir levels and high electric demand, we strategically reduced our targeted 2014 contracted percentage for our hydro generation. This strategy has supported our strong results to-date by providing greater opportunities to sell power into attractive spot markets. We will continue to monitor conditions. We will keep you informed as the year progresses. Second, as announced earlier this year, we are conducting a strategic review of the international business. We are evaluating growth opportunities including potential tax effective strategies for domestic use of offshore cash. We have an internal timeline to complete this review by late 2014 or early 2015. And we will keep you informed on this process. Let me also comment briefly on our growth investment opportunities. We are continuing to actively pursue a number of projects that will support our 4% to 6% earnings per share growth rate, including new generation, infrastructure projects and environmental and regulatory compliance. For the period from 2014 through 2018, we are targeting $16 billion to $20 billion of growth investments as outlined on Slide 12. We are making excellent progress on all fronts and I will mention a few of these initiatives. First in April, the South Carolina Public Service Commission issued a certificate enabling us to move forward with a new 750 megawatt combined cycle natural gas plant at our existing W.S. Lee site in South Carolina. We expect the plant could enter commercial service by late 2017. Second, we had a very strong response to our request for proposals for regulated solar projects in North Carolina, including both PPA and ownership options. We announced in April that we have received proposals amounting to nearly three times our goal of up to 300 megawatts of new solar capacity. Achieving this goal would almost double our available solar capacity In North Carolina. We are very encouraged by this response and expect to select the winning projects and complete negotiations in the fourth quarter. The selected project should be online by the end of 2015. Third, we continue to negotiate with the North Carolina Eastern Municipal Power Agency regarding our potential to purchase their minority ownership interest in certain Duke Energy Progress plants. If we are able to finalize the purchase agreement as well as the terms of a wholesale power contract, potential next steps would include approvals by FERC, the Department of Justice, the NRC for transfer of nuclear licenses and the Carolinas Commission. We are also continuing to move forward with plans for new natural gas generation in Florida. We are evaluating bids for combined cycle base load generation to be in service in 2018. These bids have been submitted through our RFP process including our self-build option for 1,640 megawatts. The company has a need for additional generating resources in the 2016 to 2018 timeframe. We are analyzing whether to meet these needs with new peaking units, plan to operate, purchase power agreements, plant acquisitions or a combination of these resources. We expect to make filings with the Florida Commission in the coming weeks outlining the most cost effective options for our Florida customers. And finally in April, Duke Energy and Piedmont Natural Gas jointly issued a solicitation for proposals to build and operate a major interstate gas pipeline in North Carolina. This will help to meet the growing demand for natural gas in the Carolinas, now served by a single major interstate pipeline. Duke Energy and Piedmont Natural Gas would consider a wide range of ownership options in support of the selected proposal. We expect to choose the winning bidder by the end of this year. This slide also includes other investment opportunities that we are pursuing. Taken together, this diverse portfolio of investments supports our commitment to customers and our ability to grow and achieve our financial objective. Now, I will turn the call over to Steve to discuss our financial performance for the quarter.
Steve Young - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Lynn. Today I will focus on three primary areas. First, I will discuss the key drivers to our first quarter results and update you on the status of our earnings guidance range for 2014. I will also review the first quarter and full year accounting implications related to the exit of our Midwest generation fleet. Second, I will discuss our volume trends and the economic conditions within our service territories. Finally, I will close with our progress towards achieving our overall financial objectives. First quarter 2014 adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.17. These results as shown on Slide 13 exceeded 2013’s first quarter results of $1.02 per share. Our quarterly adjusted results were supported by revised customer rates and strong growth in weather normal retail customer demand. The impact of favorable weather was largely offset by increased storm restoration costs. As Lynn mentioned in her prepared remarks, we have affirmed our 2014 earnings guidance range of $4.45 to $4.60 per share. On a reported basis, the company experienced a quarterly net loss of $0.14 per share compared to $0.89 of per share earnings last year. Reported earnings this quarter were impacted by a pre-tax impairment charge of $1.4 billion or a loss of $1.23 per share associated with the exit of the Midwest generation business. This impairment was based upon a fair value estimate for these assets and it has been treated as a special item. Our fair value assumptions will be refined if necessary as we move through the sales process. A reconciliation of our reported results to our adjusted results is included in the supplemental materials. Adjusted earnings at our regulated utilities business increased by $0.11 per share primarily due to revised customer rates and strong weather normalized retail customer load growth. Increased pricing and riders led to higher earnings of $0.12 compared to last year primarily driven by our 2013 rate cases in the Carolinas and Ohio. The impact of this quarter’s unusually cold weather led to higher adjusted earnings per share of $0.08 compared to last year and $0.09 when compared to normal weather conditions. The Carolinas have the second highest number of heating degree days of any first quarter over the last 20 years, while the Midwest achieved its highest level over that same time period. Growth in retail customer demand led to higher earnings per share of $0.06 during the quarter. I will provide more color on our customer load growth trends in a moment. Our wholesale business added $0.03 per share in the quarter. This growth was supported by increased contractual commitments, colder weather and volume growth compared to last year. These positive drivers were partially offset by around $0.07 per share of higher depreciation expense driven by prior year cost of removal amortization in Florida and additional depreciation in 2014 for new plants and service. O&M costs were around $0.05 per share higher during the quarter. Quarterly O&M was impacted by the additional storm restoration costs that Lynn highlighted of around $0.07 per share. Excluding these storm costs, O&M was slightly lower as a result of our ongoing cost management efforts and a $0.02 nuclear outage cost levelization benefit in the Carolinas. Interest expense was higher by around $0.03 per share primarily due to lower post in service debt returns on projects now reflected in customer rates. Next, I will address international’s results, which were $0.04 per share higher than the prior year quarter. These results were impacted by higher earnings in Latin America of $0.06 mostly in Brazil. Our reduced contracting strategy, that Lynn discussed, resulted in more sales volumes into the spot market at higher prices. These favorable results were partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, a $0.02 drag compared to last year. Next, moving to commercial power, adjusted results for this segment were flat during the quarter. However, there were some offsetting drivers. Results from our renewables business were $0.01 per share higher than last year driven by increased wind production and lower development cost. We expect this business to generate around $50 million in net income this year. Next, let me discuss Midwest generation. Results for the Midwest gas generation units were around $0.01 higher driven by higher realized power prices. These results were substantially offset by lower earnings from the Midwest coal fleet of around $0.01 per share due to outages experienced during the extreme cold weather. As a result of these outages, we were required to purchase high-priced power to meet our hedged commitments. Duke Energy Retail also had unfavorable earnings in the quarter of $0.01. Our retail business hedges its contracted volumes assuming normal weather. When demand surged in January, Duke Energy Retail was forced to buy high-priced power in the market to meet this increased demand. Finally, let me spend a moment discussing some important accounting changes that will occur with our Midwest generation fleet. Since we have started a process to exit this business, the plants are classified as assets held for sale in our financial statements as of March 31. As a result of this classification, for the remainder of the year, there will be no further depreciation expense recognized on the plants. And since the assets have been reduced to their estimated fair market value, any future maintenance capital expenditures will likely be expensed as incurred. We expect these two changes to largely offset each other. We will continue to recognize any earnings from these plants in the company’s adjusted diluted earnings per share until a sales transaction is closed. Slide 14 highlights our retail customer volume trends for the quarter and the economic conditions within our service territories. Quarterly weather normal retail customer load was 2.6% higher than 2013 along with a 1.6% higher trend over the last 12 months. This was the third consecutive quarter we have experienced strong retail load growth. We are very encouraged and are seeing more signs of sustained economic improvement throughout our service territories. The economic recovery has expanded as credit has loosened, household income has increased, and overall unemployment rates have declined. In fact, over the past year, the unemployment rate in the Carolinas and Indiana has declined by around 2% well in excess of the national average decline of around 0.8%. These trends have resulted in higher consumer confidence, which has led to higher electricity consumption by our customers. Duke’s service territories remain attractive for business expansion. During the quarter, our commercial and industrial customers announced significant capital investments for new facilities with the expansion of existing one. These investments are expected to add over 3,000 jobs across our regulated territories. Next, let me highlight some of the trends we are seeing in each of our customer classes. First, our residential customers, where we had quarter-over-quarter growth of 2.9% we experienced higher usage per customer of around 2% as it compared to negative usage customer trends at this time last year. Some of the first quarter growth in usage per customer can be explained by the extreme weather across our service territories when customers were forced to stay at home and use more power than normal. However, improved economic data leads us to believe this strength is more sustainable rather than a one-time event. We also continue to experience growth in the average number of customers across our service territories. Since the first quarter of 2013, we have added approximately 70,000 new electric customers, an average increase of around 1%. We haven’t seen this level of new customer percentage growth since 2008. Next, our commercial class experienced growth of 3.6% in the first quarter, primarily supported by strong activity in the Carolinas and Florida. Employment rates and real income levels have continued to improve leading to growth in retail sales for this segment. Office vacancy rates were also favorable throughout our service territories. In the first quarter of 2014, we also experienced significant growth in demand from datacenters in the Duke Energy Carolinas service territory. Higher sales were also seen in the hospitality, healthcare, education and professional business services sectors when compared to last year. And finally, the industrial sector continues to experience steady improvement. Industrial production remains above expectations due to strong demand for manufactured, durable, and non-durable goods. We are seeing continued strength in the automotive, construction, and metal sub-sectors. Industrial demand in the first quarter was tempered by factory shutdowns and delays in the delivery of raw materials due to the impact of the winter weather. We are optimistic about the sustainability of the economic recovery across our service territories and encouraged by the growth we have experienced over the last three quarters as well as over a rolling 12-month basis. We will continue to monitor these trends and provide updates throughout the year. I will close with our financial objectives for 2014 in the longer term as outlined on Slide 15. I am very pleased with our financial performance through the first quarter of 2014. Based upon our results to-date and assuming normal weather for the remainder of the year, we are evaluating opportunities to accelerate some O&M expenses from future periods into 2014. We will update you on our plans later in the year. The balance sheet remains strong. We recently conducted annual meetings with the rating agencies. These discussions were constructive and our ratings outlook is stable at all three agencies. Our strong balance sheet allows us the flexibility to invest in our business and grow our dividend without the need for new equity issuances through 2016. We are focused on growing the dividend, which is central to our investor value proposition. We expect to achieve our long-term payout ratio of 65% to 70% in 2014 allowing greater flexibility and future dividend growth. Finally, we continue to make progress on our dividend growth initiatives – on our growth initiatives and cost savings projects. We remain well positioned to grow longer term earnings within our targeted range of 4% to 6%. We continue to execute on our overall financial objectives. Now, I will turn it back over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Thanks Steve. I am proud of how our team responded to the operational challenges of the first quarter, while remaining focused on our mission to provide customers with safe, reliable and cost effective service. We also made great progress on our 2014 and longer-term financial objectives and have taken important steps on our strategic initiatives to build a stronger future. We will continue to execute on our mission to deliver exceptional results to benefit our customers, communities and investors. Now let’s open up the lines for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we will go first to Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Hey, good morning guys.
Lynn Good: Good morning Dan.
Steve Young: Good morning.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Just following up on maybe Steve’s kind of closing comments about your load growth and what you are seeing, first quarter represented yet another quarter of better than planned load in trailing 12 months is pretty supportive of a higher growth rate than what you talked about. When are you guys going to decide that maybe growth is at a higher level and what bearing will that have on – how you are prioritizing the growth CapEx you have laid out in the slides today?
Lynn Good: Dan, I will take a stab at it and Steve I am sure will have something to add to it. We are optimistic about what we are seeing with three quarters. I think when we look at a really weather impacted quarter, however, the science to pull weather out isn’t perfect, and so we would love to see another quarter of strength before we formally revise estimates. So that’s how we are looking at it, but we feel like we have seen some strength here that gives us some optimism about the future. In terms of prioritization of investments, we continue to focus on deploying about 85% to 90% of our capital into our regulated businesses. We are also continuing to focus on building our commercial renewables business. And so you I would think about those initiatives progressing and the timing will really be dictated in many ways by regulatory approvals and as these opportunities develop. So that’s where I would leave it on the prioritization.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: And then I guess on your commercial ops with the impairment this quarter, can you just give us an update A, on where that process sits, where you expect – when do you expect something to be announced or formalized. And then with your AEP and FirstEnergy both talking about the idea of long-term contracting or some sort of re-regulation in Ohio, is that going to prospectively change your timing for moving forward with the sale?
Lynn Good: Dan, we are continuing to progress with the sale process. We are targeting first round bids here in this quarter, so second quarter and then we would expect the process to continue. And we will update as we go and meet milestones on that process. In parallel, we are of course monitoring what’s going on in Ohio. AEP in particular has put forward an ESP that has a non-bypassable charge intended to provide customers with some stability around what could be market volatility. I think they have introduced the OVAC asset and potentially others. So we will continue to monitor that. I think Ohio has begun to recognize that extreme weather conditions such as the Polar Vortex may be creating reliability concerns for the state. So we will monitor how that conversation progresses.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: So, could that change your decision to sell if it looks like there was an alternative to contracts in Ohio or to some sort of other structure?
Lynn Good: Dan, we are not thinking about it that way at this point. We are moving through the sale process. We think that makes the – fits with our strategic objectives to reduce that volatility in those assets, but we will update you as that process progresses and as we have more to say about how it’s progressing.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith, UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Thank you. Good morning.
Steve Young: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: So perhaps the follow-up, a little bit on the last question. Shifting over to Indiana, could you perhaps give us a little bit of an update as far as you see recovery of both O&M and purchase power, and how do you the latest sub-docket working out as far as Edwardsport goes?
Lynn Good: So, actually in the slide deck, Julien, there are a couple of Slides, 9 and 25 that lay out the sub-dockets that are pending in Indiana. So, a sub-docket has been opened on fuel recovery really focused on the latter part of 2013 and the issue raised by interveners on negative generation. We do not yet have a procedural schedule on that and we will need to just progress that and update as it occurs. Our focus in Indiana is really on continuing to ramp up and complete our performance testing, optimizing the asset and moving through this important transition. I am pleased that generation has improved in March and April, and the team is very focused on continuing to deliver strong results out of the asset. So I think we will have to move through the regulatory process in the weeks and months to come, and as we have items to update, we will certainly do that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Perhaps to clarify rather, is it that both purchase power and O&M is at risk, or is it one versus the other; just if you could perhaps elaborate a little bit on that?
Lynn Good: Julien, there are two types of riders, right. So it’s a fuel is the one I just spoke about where the commission has opened a sub-docket on fuel and focusing specifically on this negative generation in the fourth quarter. That proceeding is specific to fuel. There are also ongoing filings in the IGCC riders, which addresses return and address O&M recovery. And so I believe the commission has approved through IGC 11, we have 12 that we are waiting for approval on and we are filing 13. And so those would be the dockets in which interveners could challenge costs and O&M and so on. And I think that’s something we will have to monitor over time.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS:  Great. And then following up on the results in the quarter here in Brazil, especially given the hedging, how is this meeting your plan that you articulated earlier this year, how are you feeling about that. And ultimately, how do you think about the energy rationing as it stands today and the prospects for that and how would that impact you or what have you?
Lynn Good: So the Brazilian operation is off to a strong start for the first quarter, Julien. And we actually benefited from the hedging strategy because we had the opportunity to sell generation into a high priced spot market. As we continue to look at the balance of the year, we are watching this very closely. We like the fact that we have a little bit more flexibility in our contracting position which gives us some protection if the regulator or government were to move into a rationing or voluntary rationing situation, but we do not have any further information on that at this point. I think given the political environment in Brazil, the World Cup, the elections, I think that’s going to be reviewed very closely by the government and by the regulator. So we are watching it everyday. We are watching rainfall. We are looking at dispatch. We are looking at spot prices. And of course, also looking ahead to 2015 and how that could impact our contracting strategy for 2015.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Great. And the last detail, have you delineated O&M versus capital costs for coal ash in Carolina and elsewhere?
Lynn Good: We have not – what we have put forward are ranges of costs around closure, around investment to dry handling and the installation of certain of these capital costs will drive O&M, but we have not provided specific ranges on the O&M at this point.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Great. Thank you.
Lynn Good: Thanks Julien.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Yes. Hi good morning.
Lynn Good: Hi Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research: So just a few questions on the coal ash issues, the independent engineering report that you are doing, that’s going to be done by the end of May, are you going to have to make that public right then to us or how is that going to get released?
Lynn Good: Steve we are moving through the third party engineering in a sequential way kind of working through all of the basins and to the extent, there are items identified that we should address from a maintenance standpoint. We are addressing those. And what we have committed to do is provide periodic updates on our short-term and longer term actions when we reach specific milestones. We are also updating the regulators on these milestones. So, I haven’t – we haven’t made a specific commitment on what we will do around May 31, but you can expect us to make updates on the progress on our short-term plans as the year progresses.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Okay. And then just on the legislative session, you said there is a short session, just what are the proposals that you are expecting to hear and how long is this session?
Lynn Good: It should wrap up in early July, Steve, so May 15 to early July.
Steve Young: That’s correct.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Okay.
Lynn Good: And I think proposals will develop as the session gets started. I have referenced in my comments that there has been a lot of work by the legislative body on education trying to understand the complex topic. So, I think as the session starts, we will have more information on specifics. I think you are aware we have put forward a plan that lays out specific actions around certain plants. We have also laid out a plan to accelerate investment in dry fly ash handling also moving forward with dewatering certain of the retired ponds. So we are moving forward on those actions and would expect those to be considered, although we can’t speak fully to how the legislature will address the issue broadly, but certainly that plan would be considered I think as part of the go-forward strategy.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Okay. Just last question, where do you stand overall on your coal piles maybe you can just give some color there? And are you having to take any actions to kind of preserve coal into the summer?
Lynn Good: Steve, we are in good shape. It has been a challenging delivery time during the first quarter, but we feel comfortable with where our inventory is across the system.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Okay, thank you.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Lynn Good: Good morning, Jonathan.
Steve Young: Good morning.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Couple of questions. First on Edwardsport, Lynn, it’s good to hear that it’s running about March and April, but can you be a bit more specific what type of range of cap factor have you been able to achieve more recently? Are we just talking about the combined cycle or is this also the gasifier piece of it as well? Just a bit more color on what you mean by running better?
Lynn Good: So, Jonathan, when I talk about running better, I am talking about running on the gasifiers. And so, the month of April was the third best month since the plant has been in service. I don’t have a specific capacity factor in front of me, but kind of trending up March was a strong month and then April stronger. So, we do provide monthly updates to the IURC on our generation statistics. So I think if you follow up with IR, we could probably give you little more specifics on how that generation is occurring.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And you feel confident that it’s going to sort of ramp from here or is there another sort of period where it has to sort of go through more testing and step back a bit or as we…
Lynn Good: Yes, we are finalizing performance testing with General Electric hopefully in the month of May. And we have taken the outage in February to address some of the issues that we experienced from severe weather earlier in the year. So, I think at this point, Jonathan, it’s continuing to improve performance as optimizing procedures. And I think the team if they were on the call would tell you, they have increasing experiences – increasing experience on the operating profile of the plant is improving over time, there is greater confidence in operations, but it’s a complex project and we are learning everyday, but I feel like we have the right resources devoted to it and we are working hard to continue to improve operations.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Is this something about the technology and very cold weather or that might impair its performance in the future in winter time or was it because you were in startup?
Lynn Good: Jonathan, I do think we learned some things from the weather in Indiana, which was 30 degrees below what we would normally experience. So, my hope and expectation is that we saw the worst of the worst this winter and have been able to address operational challenges as a result of that. But let me turn it over to Keith Trent or Dhiaa who have been very involved in this and see if they have anything to add to that.
Keith Trent: Sure. Jonathan, I would just add one thing and that is there is nothing that was unique about the technology that was impacted specifically by the cold weather. As Lynn said, it was extremely cold, 30 degrees below what we have seen in the past, but it was more exposure of components to extreme cold like transmitters, those sorts of things that are not any kind of unique technology, but we learned from that and we can apply heating methods, which we have done, so that we can remedy that, but there is nothing unique about the technology that’s causing us concerns.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Great, thank you. Then I if I might I will just – on another just a big picture, if another quarter confirms what you seem to suspect, which is that your sales have begun to tick higher, how should we think about that as it would impact your overall plan? Does it push out rate case timings? Does it mean we are going to have to step up capital spending in certain areas? Well, how would uptick in sales sort of change what you have laid out for us?
Lynn Good: Jonathan, I feel like an uptick in sales is the best possible thing that can happen, not only to Duke Energy, but to the economies that we serve. When you see improvement in the industrial base, in commercial and new customers being added, I think it’s all around a good outcome. I think it will give us some things to think about in terms of timing of rate cases and capital deployment and we have begun some of that thinking and when we are prepared to share it with you, we will give you some more feedback on it, but generally, I think this is a very good thing.
Steve Young: Yes, I think that we are in the process now Jonathan of updating our forecasts and we go through this process every year for the integrated resource planning process, which is our long-term planning mechanism that we share with the commission and that drives a lot of our generation planning and rate case planning and so forth. So we will be putting through those mechanisms and these changes and see what it yields.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: And what will the timing of resource plan updates be?
Steve Young: We typically – it varies per jurisdiction. We will typically do it in the spring and the fall in the Carolinas as an example.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Thank you very much guys.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Jonathan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Turnure with JPMorgan.
Chris Turnure - JPMorgan: Good morning, Lynn and Steve.
Lynn Good: Good morning.
Chris Turnure - JPMorgan: Could you guys give us a little bit more color on the RFP process in North Carolina for the new pipeline? I am thinking kind of along the lines of total cost and then when we would actually see incremental information as to whether or not you are going to offer in a self-build proposal?
Lynn Good: Chris, we are early in the process. So, we have announced a solicitation with an expectation on the timeline that would put us in a position to announce a winning bid, if you will, by the end of this year. And we are evaluating a range of options, which would also include ownership interest on the part of Duke and Piedmont. And we will update you as we go. We have not disclosed nor do we have a broad range of investment at this point. We are anxious to talk with the various bidders about what they see the potential to be and as we have more information we will share it with you. I think this is a terrific opportunity, not only to underpin infrastructure for electricity, but I think it’s opportunity for economic development in the eastern part of North Carolina. So, we are at work putting together a project that we think could be very strategic for the state.
Chris Turnure - JPMorgan: Okay, great. And then any updated thoughts on M&A given what we have seen in the past couple of weeks here in utility lines?
Lynn Good: Nothing different than what we have said previously. We like the business mix that we have. We like the complement of jurisdictions that we serve. We would consider M&A, but it would need to be an opportunistic type thing. It’s certainly not something that we see as a must-have from a strategic standpoint. So we are monitoring all of it, Chris and would consider opportunities, but nothing beyond that at this point.
Chris Turnure - JPMorgan: Great, thanks.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take Brian Chin with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Brian Chin - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning.
Lynn Good: Hi, Brian.
Steve Young: Good morning.
Brian Chin - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Going back to the coal ash issue, would it be reasonable for us to think about the projections you have given on the different options for North Carolina that’s roughly comparable to how we think about the costs of coal ash remediation in other states where you have similar pond issues, is that sort of the right way to think about it or are the coal – North Carolina coal ash issues so site specific that it wouldn’t be reasonable to broadly assume those cost assumptions for other ponds?
Lynn Good: Let me try to jump in on that, Brian. So and I am sure in the back of your mind, you are referencing the testimony that we presented to the Commission or the Environmental Commission in the legislature. As we have put out our $5 billion to $6 billion estimate for the 10-year environmental plan that has included addressing – ash pond closure results have included addressing conversion to dry bottom ash and fly ash in anticipation of where the steam effluent guidelines will go. We have as part of our short-term action plan modified that estimate for four sites in the Carolinas by evaluating a closure option that actually moves all the ash to a lined landfill. And so that has added roughly $500 million to our estimates. So it’s moved from 4.5 to 5.5 to 5 to 6. Further refinement of the estimate around waste will be accomplished as we complete our strategic review side by side of all of our ash basins around our system. And so it’s really premature for us to give you more specifics on the estimate or how it will be implicated in other jurisdictions because it will be dependent upon a couple of things. First of all, our strategy and in the case of North Carolina what we expect to be legislation in the state. As we talk about our other jurisdictions, we do not see an immediate push around legislation or change in policies in the same manner as we are seeing in North Carolina.
Brian Chin - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Understood, very helpful. And on that last point about other jurisdictions, is it right now your expectation that resolution in North Carolina will likely lead how other states and your conversations will be resolved on coal ash or is there a possibility that the discussion with those other jurisdictions has been accelerated, given what’s happened with North Carolina and you could see resolution in other states potentially setting a precedent for how North Carolina looks at this?
Lynn Good: At least among our jurisdictions, Brian, North Carolina is in the lead in terms of this discussion. And I think if you think back into the earlier part of the 2000s, North Carolina put forward industry leading set of legislation called Clean Smokestacks where they were instrumental in accelerating investments in environmental around air. And so I think this represents an opportunity for North Carolina to do the same around ash. And as we have moved through this short session, we will have a better sense of how the policy will be developed for the state. And I do think we have an opportunity in North Carolina to lead.
Brian Chin - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Very good. And then one last quick one, for the strategic review on the international front, in the past when the strategic review has concluded, basically we haven’t seen a major confirmation from the company in terms of direction one way or another. With the conclusion of this strategic review, is it the intention of the company to provide a positive conclusion regardless of what the decisions is or is it more likely that it will simply be concluded privately and no more future mention of that will happen until the next strategic review?
Lynn Good: We intend to disclose from the strategic reviews completing what our conclusions are.
Brian Chin - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Brian.
Operator: We will now take Angie Storozynski with Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie: Thank you. Good morning, given that you are in the process of selling your plants in the Midwest, should we expect that this process will impact your bidding strategy into the PJM auction?
Lynn Good: Angie I have not spent any time on bidding strategy for the PJM auction.
Steve Young: I do not think that will impact our strategy, the sales process, it will not change any strategic intent there.
Lynn Good: But let’s follow-up on that with the IR team on PJM bidding strategy to the...
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie: Secondly, on the load growth I do see the numbers, but they do seem impressive, however, they tend to be significantly skewed towards the residential and commercial load, the strength and those two groups tends to be most impacted by the weather, right. I mean the fact that there is such a big discrepancy in the industrial load growth versus residential and commercial could suggest that – as you said yourself that those weather minimization models are a little bit off or it could be that your service territory is specifically different, meaning less industrial, how would you describe that?
Lynn Good: I think there are a couple of things I would point to and Steve can certainly add to this. We did see an increase in usage per customer, Angie. So in addition to strong customer growth, we saw an increase in the usage per customer. It’s hard to know exactly why that’s occurring, but frankly because of the extreme weather we had parts of the Carolinas that were home for days at a time. And we do think we had a little bit of additional usage on a per customer basis as a result of that. The other thing I would point to is when I look at the residential trend, third quarter was up 1.1%, fourth quarter was up 0.7%, both of which are pretty strong numbers. Similarly, commercial was up 1.6% in the third quarter and 1.2% in the fourth quarter. So the other thing I would point you to is over a rolling 12 months period we are kind of at 1.6%. So I don’t have a perfect answer to – do we have a little bit of weather in the volumes, I think that there is a possibility we have some weather. That’s why we are continuing to monitor the second quarter, will give us another good indication. It will not be as weather influenced. So when we look at all of the factors together including their performance in third and fourth quarter, we believe we are seeing a trend.
Steve Young: That’s right. We have added 70,000 customers. So that’s a stronger number than we have seen. And some of the data that we look at median household income, that’s looking at middle income growth is stronger than we have seen before in the past. The unemployment rate changes are significant as well. So it feels like the economic recovery is broadening and deepening a bit and getting into the pockets of smaller businesses and middle income residences.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie: And my last question, so about your coal plant, so you are showing us this very high potential capital that’s associated with coal ash remediation. And then we are approaching June 1 when the EPA is supposed to issue carbon dioxide emission rules and I am trying to understand given that both of these are actually going to properly resolve in a pretty significant uptick in your electric rates, how do you think can all of this CapEx and additional costs be recovered without actually a rate shock?
Lynn Good: Angie, I think the thing to keep in mind on ash is that that expenditure is going to occur over a very long period of time. So even on the short-term action plan that we put forward of $500 million, it is going to occur over like two to five years. And over the – if you look at some of the higher end numbers that we have put forward assuming that all ash gets moved, those numbers are over 20 to 30 years. It will just physically take that long to accomplish. So I think that’s an important consideration for you to think about when you think about ash. And I think on greenhouse gases in general, we are going to have to evaluate how those rules come out, how they come forward, what kind of flexibility is offered in the states. I do think there is a lot of focus on the part of the EPA on reliability and giving the states flexibility. And so I think we will have to evaluate where those rules come out before we can conclude what the implication will be to rates.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie: But your current RFP for solar in the Carolinas and potentially putting it into the rate base is not in anyway related to potential carbon regulations in your attempt to offset your carbon footprint?
Lynn Good: Yes. It is in connection with both a customer demand for solar, but also we have a renewable energy portfolio standard in North Carolina, Angie. And this would be a part of the compliance with that standard.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie: Okay. Thank you.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Hey guys. Congrats on a good start of the year.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Michael.
Steve Young: Thank you.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: You’re welcome. A question, one for Steve, one for Lynn. Lynn, can you talk about just the range of options when you think about a strategic review of the Latin American business, what’s off the table?
Lynn Good: Michael, I am not sure that there is anything off the table. What we try to do when we come to a strategic review like this is consider all options that we are looking at. We have got a great business, a great position, profitable businesses that have been a strong contributor to the company over time. We have some headwinds in the form of foreign currency. We don’t see the growth that we would like to see in that business. So, we are really solving for two things. Is there a way we can better position the business for growth? Is there a better way we can position the business to optimize cash flow? And over what timeframe and what are the trade-offs that we need to consider to accomplish that? So, I wouldn’t say there is anything off the table at this point, but we are trying to be open-minded and explore as many options as we can think of.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it. And Steve, you made some comments about O&M both in the quarter, but also about maybe moving forward some O&M, can you – and I know you had the storm related O&M during the first quarter of this year. Can you just talk about O&M trajectory how 2014 looks like versus what your original guidance for O&M was in ‘14? And then what does that mean for beyond ‘14?
Steve Young: Certainly, certainly. The O&M trajectory has not changed and we intend to keep non-fuel O&M flat through ‘16 and we see very positive trends thus far in ‘14. When you pull the storm cost out, we actually see O&M down a bit and we are continuing to find through integration projects and moving people to similar processes and platforms and IT systems additional benefits to offset emergent costs. So, we feel very good about our O&M trajectory.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Thanks, Steve. Thanks, Lynn. Much appreciated.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: And that does conclude the question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back to Lynn Good for any additional or closing remarks.
Lynn Good - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you everyone. Thank you for your interest and investment in Duke and we look forward to seeing many of you in the weeks and months to come. Thanks again.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-18 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Duke Energy Fourth Quarterly Earnings Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Bill Currens. Please go ahead.
Bill Currens: Thank you, Whitney. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Duke Energy’s fourth quarter 2013 earnings review and business update. Leading our call is Lynn Good, President and CEO; along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today’s discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide 2 presents the Safe Harbor statement, which accompanies our presentation materials. You should also refer to the information in our 2012 10-K and other SEC filings concerning factors that could cause future results to differ from this forward-looking information. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website at duke-energy.com and in today’s materials. Please note that the appendix to today’s presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures to help you analyze the company’s performance and our financial outlook. We have a lot of material to cover today. Lynn will provide an overview of our key 2013 accomplishments and our key priorities for 2014. And Steve will review our 2013 financial results, introduce our 2014 earnings per share guidance range, and discuss our longer term earnings growth objectives. Additionally, we will have commentary on yesterday’s announcement that we have begun a process to exit the Midwest generation business. Our prepared remarks today will be a little longer than normal. We will try to get to as many of you as possible during the Q&A portion of today’s call. For those we are not able to get to, the Investor Relations is available for any follow-up you may have. So now, I will turn the call over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. 2013 was a year of great accomplishment for Duke, our first full year as a combined company. Our 2012 merger with Progress Energy give us the unique platform to drive efficiencies and grow the business. We are pleased with all that has been accomplished over the last year and a half and also recognize we still have important work ahead of us. As we announced earlier today, we delivered 2013 adjusted diluted earnings per share of $4.35 and introduced guidance for 2014 of $4.25 to $4.50 per share with the midpoint reflecting 5% earnings growth over the midpoint of our 2013 guidance range. We also confirmed our earnings per share growth objective of 4% to 6% through 2016 off of a base of 2013. Dividend growth has been and will remain central to our value proposition and our balance sheet remained strong. Our total shareholder return for 2013 was 13%, exceeding the UTY return of 11%. Our primary focus on 2013 was on positioning our regulated businesses for the future and I believe we accomplished this objective. Our goals were clear, we had to complete our fleet modernization program, achieved constructed outcomes and five rate cases and resolve key issues including the future of the Crystal River 3 nuclear station. Additionally we had focus on improving the performance of our entire nuclear fleet and realizing our merger integration plan. Let me summarize each of these is outlined on slide 5, during 2013 we completed our $9 billion fleet modernization program. This program added approximately 5600 megawatts of new combined-cycle natural gas and state of the art coal capacity in the Carolinas and Indiana replacing a similar amount of capacity for older plants we have or are retiring by 2015. The Edwardsport IGCC plant in Indiana went into commercial service in June and in November the Sutton combined-cycle natural gas plant in North Carolina was put into service. At Edwardsport we have completed GE's new product introduction testing critical and are working towards conducting required performance test. Testing has been delayed in early 2014 b the extreme cold weather in the Midwest which has decreased plant output but we expect to continue tuning and systems optimization and preparation for final testing. All major technology systems have been validated. We also remain on track to our total revised project cost estimates of $3.5 billion. Next we reached constructive regulatory outcomes in all five of our general rate cases to recover the investments made to modernize our fleet and replace agent infrastructure and our transition and distribution system. And fully implemented these base rate cases will add about 600 million in additional annualized revenues while at the same time keeping our customers retail rates for national averages. In Florida we made a decision to retire the Crystal River 3 nuclear plant, resolved insurance claims with our insurance provider NEIL and obtained approval from the Florida Commission of a comprehensive settlement. The agreement addresses cost recovery not only related to the Crystal River 3 nuclear unit but also to the Crystal River 1 and 2 coal units and Levy nuclear project. Additionally it contains provisions to invest in new generation in the latter half of the decade helping us to meet the future needs of our Florida customers. Next let me also highlight the performance of our nuclear fleet. In 2013 the combined capacity factor for our 11 nuclear units was 92.8%. This was the 15th consecutive year with the nuclear fleet capacity factor above 90 per ton. We’re making investments to improve of our nuclear plant while important work remains we’re pleased with the results to-date in particular at the (indiscernible) plant. Let me move to another important area of accomplishment for 2013, fuel and joint dispatch savings which are benefiting our Carolina customers. Through December 31 we exceeded our original targets and have recorded approximately $190 million of cumulative fuel and joint dispatch savings since the merger closed. We have contractually locked in or generated about 55% of the total guaranteed savings of 687 million over five years. We’re also realizing cost synergies by eliminating duplicative function and have exceeded our original target of 5% to 7% in non-fuel O&M savings. We’re in pace to deliver about 9% or $550 million of non-fuel O&M savings in 2014 helping us to achieve flat O&M expenses from 2011 to 2014. Overall we have accomplished what we set out to do and have strengthened our regulated utility businesses in six jurisdictions comprising 85% to 90% of Duke’s annual earnings. Over the next several years we will focus on levering our scale, driving out additional efficiencies and deploying capital for the benefit of our customers. Next let me provide a brief update on recent events that our Dan River steam station in North Carolina. You may recall that we have retired our coal units of this site in 2012 and replaced them with a new combined-cycle gas station. In early February we detected a break in stormwater pipe beneath the coal ash basin at the site which resulted in ash basin water and ash being discharged into the Dan River. We estimate between 30,000 and 39,000 tons of ash was released into the water. We have permanently sealed the pipe and stopped the discharge. Now that the coal ash at the river has been contained our immediate focus is on remediation and clean up at the site. We will apply any lessons learned for our other coal ash. We continue to monitor and test the water quality of the Dan River. Our test to-date show that drinking water supply is downstream from the site [ph] our stake. We are working collaboratively with the EPA, the North Carolina Department of Energy and Natural Resources, U.S. Fish and Wildlife, and other state and local authorities as we respond to this matter. We received the subpoena from the U.S. attorney in the Eastern District of North California related to the Dan River coal ash discharge. We will cooperate with this investigation. This accident should have never occurred. We take responsibility and we will learn from this event. We will continue to update you on this matter. Last week, a significant winter storm struck our Carolinas service territories. We have quickly deployed about 3,900 field workers in the Carolinas, Midwest and Florida to focus on restoration efforts. We have been able to restore more than 900,000 outages and remain focused on restoring service to the few who remained without service. I appreciate the effort of the crews that worked safely and diligently in a challenging environment. Next, let me discuss yesterday’s announcement that we are beginning a process to exit our Midwest generation business. After an 18-month regulatory process, we were disappointed the Ohio Commission denied our application for our cost-based capacity charge late last week. I want to thank the entire Ohio regulatory team that worked so diligently on its filing. However, this decision gives us clarity. The volatility inherent in emerging generation portfolio has challenged our ability to earn the level of consistent and fair return to our investors. This business is not a strategic fit for Duke Energy. We have commenced a process to exit the business and have retained advisors to assist in the process. The redeployment of proceeds from this process is expected to be accretive to our adjusted earnings per share. We will work closely with employees, communities, leaders and our joint owners during this process to ensure a smooth transition. Additionally, we will move quickly to finalize the required transfer of our coal-based generation assets out of the utility and expect that to occur in the next 50 days. It’s important for me to emphasize that we remain committed to our electric and gas distribution utilities in Ohio and the 1.3 million customers we serve. These utilities are not a part of this strategic process. Before I turn the call over to Steve, let me summarize our strategic positioning with our remaining commercial businesses. We see opportunities to continue to grow our renewables platform over the two years and expect a greater mix of solar in our capital deployment. We are targeting 400 million of renewables capital annually and we have the potential to deploy more if opportunities arise. We also continue to develop commercial transmission options through our DATC joint venture. We expect a project from this venture to mature over the next several years. Our international business has also been an important contributor to earnings and cash flow. This past December, we returned $750 million of cash in a cash advantage structure. In 2014, we will undertake a strategic review of our international business as we periodically do with all of our businesses. The review will focus on positioning the business for growth and optimizing cash flows. We will provide updates as we finalize our review. Now, I will turn the call over to Steve to discuss our financial performance in 2013 as well as our financial plan for growth in 2014 and beyond.
Steven Young: Thanks Lynn. As Lynn highlighted, 2013 was a very good year for Duke. Let me start with our financial results for the year as outlined on Slide 8. As expected, our fourth quarter results were significantly higher than 2012 due to settlements in our 2013 rate cases, the adoption of nuclear levelization in the Carolinas growth of our wholesale business and the benefits of cost control. Our adjusted diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter were $1 compared to $0.70 for the prior year quarter. On a reported basis, our quarterly earnings were $0.97 compared to $0.62 for prior year. I will focus most of my comments on our full year results. For more details on our quarterly earnings drivers, see our press release materials from earlier this morning. As Lynn reported, for the full year, we recognized 2013 adjusted diluted earnings per share of $4.35 compared to $4.32 for the prior year. On a reported basis, our full year earnings were $3.76 per share compared to $3.07 in 2012. Here are highlights of our results compared to our original expectations. For the year, our regulated utilities experienced favorable O&M expenses compared to 2012 supported by the impact of increased merger synergies and the adoption of nuclear levelization. Just have to offset the impact of unfavorable weather during the year, a consolidated results benefited from a lower than expected effective tax rate of 33% for the year which is principally in our other category. These improved results help offset lower commercial power contributions which included results that renewables lower Midwest coal generation margins and a lack of favorable decision on our Ohio cost base capacity volume. Results of our International Energy were consistent with our expectations, for the year we experienced unfavorable foreign exchange rates as well as lower results of National Methanol. Unfavorable rain conditions in Brazil impacted our results early in the year. However these conditions moderated in the back half of the year and our generation volumes were favorable. On slide 9 you can see our weather normalized customer volume trends for the fourth quarter and the full year of 2013 as well as our future growth projections, for the fourth quarter of 2013 our weather normalized low growth was 0.9% higher than the prior year quarter discontinue the favorable trend we began seeing in the third quarter as the economy strengthened. We continue to experience growth throughout our service territories. For the full year retail load growth was 0.6% higher consistent with our expectations, 2013 was the fourth consecutive year we have experienced overall positive retail load growth principally driven 0.9% industrial usage growth and 0.8% growth in the commercial sector or jurisdictions except for the reported strong retail and office building activity. Residential demand was 0.3% higher for the year benefiting from 0.8% growth in the average number of customers, usage on a per customer basis continues to trend flat to slightly negative and Florida we’re encouraged by modest recovery in the housing, market and in residential load. As we look ahead to 2014 we’re using 0.5% as our overall load growth planning assumption roughly comparable of 2013. Although the third and fourth quarter 2013 were relatively stronger we continue to remain conservative as we have not yet obtained consistent sustained growth at these levels. We expect to see growth in 2014 due to an appropriate 1% increase in the number of residential customers, modest growth in commercial including data centers and continuing growth in our industrial sector specifically automotive and housing related industries. For 2016 we expect lots of trend between 0.5% and 1% as the U.S. economy and GDP strengthen. Overtime we expect the continued growth in our service territories will result in higher demand for electricity. On slide 10, you can see our 2014 earnings guidance range of between $4.45 and $4.60 per share. Primary segment drivers I will discuss in a moment are based upon $4.53 per share midpoint of this range. Our largest segment regulated utilities is expected to generate approximately 90% of our 2014 consolidated results, we expect the segment to deliver around $0.11 of additional earnings per share in 2014 over 2013. Significant drivers include the full year impact of customer rates from our 2013 rate cases in the Carolinas and Ohio, normal weather, customer load growth and increased wholesale contributions. These benefits are expected to be offset by higher depreciation and lower AFUDC equity and reduced benefits from constant renewal amortization in Florida and nuclear levelization in the Carolinas. Let’s briefly discuss each of these drivers, during 2013 we implemented revised customer rates for Duke Energy, Ohio. In June for Duke Energy progress and September for Duke Energy, Carolinas. As a result in 2014 we recognized a full year of the benefit of these revised customer rates providing year-over-year earnings per share growth of approximately $0.30 over 2013. A 2014 outlook assumes modest weather normalized retail load growth of around 0.5% which should generate around $0.04 to $0.05 of additional earnings per share. 2013 is a mild year in terms weather, our assumptions for 2014 are based upon normal weather which should add $0.08 of additional earnings per share. In fact the recent past [ph] of coal temperatures we experienced in the Carolinas and Midwest during January resulted in favorable weather. We also expect some restoration expenses from last week’s winter storm on Carolinas. It's too early in the year to revise our full year projections as we still have 11 months ahead of us. As you know from past experience weather trends can change quickly. Related to our wholesale business within our regulated footprint, we expect our long-term contracts to provide between $0.07 and $0.08 of additional earnings per share growth in 2014 due to increasing annual load requirements embedded in our contracts. Additionally, we will see reduced benefits from certain regulatory amortizations in 2014. Let me briefly review them. First, you may recall that the Florida Commission approved our ability to amortize a certain amount of our cost of renewable liabilities into earnings in a 2010 regulatory settlement. We amortized the final $110 million in cost of renewable liabilities in 2013 contributing around $0.10 per share while there will be no benefit in 2014 from this non-cash amortization. Additionally, as part of our 2013 general rate cases, we received approval to implement nuclear outage cost levelization in the Carolinas. Once fully implemented in 2015, this levelization has also lower earnings volatility due to timing of refueling outages. In 2013, nuclear levelization added $0.11 of earnings per share. Due to the timing of planned refueling outages in the amortization of deferred cost, we expect to benefit a $0.05 to $0.06 per share in 2014 less than the benefit recognized in 2013. Depreciation and other property-related expenses are expected to be higher and we will accrue less AFUDC equity in 2014 resulting in lower earnings of approximately $0.25 per share. This unfavorable impact is principally due to placing our recently completed new generating projects such as the Sutton combined cycle gas plant into service further while cost will increase as a result of the recognition of previously deferred cost resulting from our recent rate cases. Finally, excluding the impact of nuclear levelization, we are assuming fairly flat O&M cost from 2013 to 2014. Additional merger synergies and lower benefit cost during 2014 will help to offset the impact of inflation in other emerging costs such as higher possible outage costs. Next, we expect commercial power to generate around $0.16 of additional earnings per share in 2014. For 2014, PJM capacity revenues for the Midwest generation fleet will increase by an average of approximately $60 per megawatt day. This will result in higher earnings contributions from commercial power of around $0.12. Our 2014 earnings guidance assumes the full year contributions from the Midwest generation fleet, which we have started a process to exit. We believe it is unlikely we will close on the sale of transaction in 2014. As the estimated fair value of this fleet is below current book value, we expect to recognize a pre-tax impairment charge of between $1 billion to $2 billion in the first quarter of 2014. This loss will be treated as a special item excluded from our adjusted earnings per share result. Additionally, it is possible the business may be reclassified for accounting purposes to discontinued operations at some point in 2014. Even if it is classified as discontinued operations, we expect to continue reflecting any Midwest generation fleet earnings in our adjusted earnings per share results. Earnings contributions from our commercial renewables fleet are also expected to increase in 2014. We currently operate a portfolio of 1,740 megawatts of mostly wind generation with the small, but growing amount of solar. Our results in 2014 will be supported by the 33 megawatts of solar projects we put into service in 2013 as well as the 200 megawatts of wind projects, which are expected to be in service later this year. Next, international energy, in 2014, we expect segment net income to increase by approximately 3% per share – $0.03 per share, up 5% from 2013’s results. During the year, higher pricing in volumes in Brazil will help mitigate unfavorable foreign exchange rates. In January, reservoir levels in Southeast Brazil were lower than expected to close the month of level slightly above the order at this point last year. Weaknesses continued in the early portion of February. The rainy season in Brazil continues through April. We will continue to monitor conditions and keep you updated as the year progresses. Due to a change in regulatory situations, short-term energy prices in Brazil now include the full cost of thermal dispatch in order to minimize our financial risk with extended drought conditions we are currently contracting at slightly lower percentages than in previous years. As a result, we are less exposed to core hydrological conditions and positioned to benefit from any excess hydrogenation. For other, we are expecting increase in the effective tax rate. On a consolidated basis our effective tax rate was expected to be between 33% and 34%. We expect non-fuel O&M to remain flat during the three year period from 2011 to 2014, our cost control efforts will be an important tracker in achieving our 2014 earnings per share guidance range. Let me provide a brief overview on where we’re. Turning to slide 11, a significant amount of our savings to-date has been related to corporate centric cost. We expect further corporate centric cost reductions in 2015 and 2016 as employees are able to work on a single integrated financial and HR platform. By the end of the first quarter the remaining employees under our voluntary severance plan will leave the company as we drive further efficiencies. We’re also achieving significant supply chain benefits as we continue to renegotiate procurement contracts. We continue to benefit from our scale as a larger purchaser of materials, supplies, inventory equipment and services. We have completed around 60% of our merger initiatives and expect the remainder to be essentially complete by the end of this year. Next I will discuss the shaping of our quarterly results in 2014 as highlighted on slide 12, in 2013 our earnings were more heavily weighted towards the back half of the year due to the significant impact of our regulatory activity. As we move into 2014 we expect a more normal distribution of our quarter-to-quarter earnings compared to last year. As a result you will find during the year the comparisons of our quarterly results in 2013 to 2014 will once again be challenging. We expect higher year-over-year results in the first three quarters of 2014 and lower comparable results in the fourth quarter. These expectations assume normal revenue. As in past years we expect the third quarter to be the most significant contributor to our annual results due to summer load demand. Our 2014 cash flow and financing assumptions are summarized on slide 13, you can see that our sources of cash flow in 2014 are estimated at approximately 7.7 billion compared to total sources of around 7.3 billion in 2013. This increase is largely driven by the full year benefit of revised customer rates in 2013 as we convert our modernization investments into cash earnings. We expect capital investments of approximately 6.1 billion most being in regulated utilities. Dividend distributions to our shareholders are expected to get around 2.2 billion while discretionary contributions to our pension plans are expected to be approximately 145 million. Through the significant growth investments we’re making, we expect our uses of cash will exceed our sources of cash by around 800 million during the year. In order to fund this deficit as well as our debt maturities of approximately 2 billion we expect to issue around 3 billion of total debt including commercial paper. Our financing plan for 2014 is outlined in the chart on the right side of the slide. As you can see most of our financings are driven by maturities of long term debt. Our current credit ratings and projected metrics for 2014 are outlined on slide 14. We’re pleased Moody’s action few weeks ago to upgrade the ratings of our holding company and four of our utilities. As results of the strength of our metrics our plans do not require any incremental equity issuances during our three year planning horizon from 2014 to 2016. As of the end of 2013 our total available liquidity of 5.6 billion excluding cash held offshore for approximately 1.1 billion. Slide 15, provides an overview of the primary drivers of our 4% to 6% earnings per share growth objectives through 2016. Let me explain how we get there. Our regulated utilities are expected to contribute an average of 12% growth underpinned by rate based growth. Customer load growth of between 0.5% and 1% and growth in our wholesale business. Both sales is expected to contribute an additional $0.07 to $0.08 of earnings per share in 2014 and 2015 while moderating to around an additional $0.01 to $0.02 per share in 2016. This adds around 2% of earnings per share growth through 2016. This growth is expected to be partially offset by the impacts of regulatory lag and additional depreciation since we do not have significant rate case activity planned through 2016. We are targeting flat O&M cost from 2014 to 2016 as the success of our merger integration, savings helps offset inflationary pressures and other emerging cost more details on that in a minute. Next we expect our non-regulated businesses to be modestly higher through 2016, commercial power is expected to add around 1% of average earnings per share growth as we continue to expand the renewable portfolio. International Energy is expected to be relevantly flat through 2016. The reduction in contributions from National Methanol as well as unfavorable Brazilian foreign currency exchange rates is expected to be substantially offset by an average annual increase in Brazil pricing of approximately 6% through 2016. You may recall that our ownership percentage in National Methanol decreases from 25% to 17.5% upon completion of the new production facility, which is estimated to occur in mid-2016. The incremental earnings from these new facilities are not expected to fully offset the reduction in our ownership percentage. As a result, the annualized impact of this change is estimated to reduce our equity earnings from National Methanol by around 25% to 30%. As you know, earnings from National Methanol are correlated to Brent crude oil prices. Our forecast assumes low year-over-year volatility in Brent crude oil prices through 2016. Our other category is expected to incur higher interest expense as we continue to finance at the holding company level and our effective tax rate is expected to trend higher. We have also included up to 1% of additional growth from capital redeployment and the incremental investment opportunities. Redeployment of proceeds from our Midwest generation process is expected to be accretive. We also continue to develop additional growth opportunities such as the NCEMPA transaction, which I will discuss in a moment. Taken as a whole our planned results and solid earnings per share growth within our long-term 4% to 6% objectives. Now, let me move to our efforts to maintain productivity and efficiency in our cost structure. We have made tremendous progress in achieving cost savings from the merger. Our merger process has given us confidence that we can continue to drive operational efficiencies throughout the organization in the generation of power delivery to additional savings in the corporate center. We are applying lessons learned from our merger integration initiatives and driving further efficiencies from our recent system consolidation efforts. We have initiated efforts to consolidate our enterprise asset management and award management systems into a single platform of the process underpinning efficiencies in many of our functional departments. As a result, we are targeting flat O&M through 2016. Our overall growth is supported by investments in our businesses. In 2013, we spent approximately $5.6 billion, of which approximately 90% was in our regulated utilities. As outlined on Slide 17 from 2014 through 2016, we are forecasting total CapEx investments of between $20 billion and $22 billion. Consistent with our business mix, about 85% or approximately $17 billion of this CapEx is expected to be deployed in our regulated utilities, an annual average of around $6 billion. Let me provide a further breakdown of our regulated utilities capital investments over the three-year period from 2014 to 2016. Over the three-year period, we expect to spend $3.4 billion on new generation growth projects principally in the Carolinas and Florida. These investments also include nuclear performance improvements in compliance with the NRC regulations. First, let’s discuss the Carolinas. We have a sophisticated public convenience and necessity, request pending with the South Carolina Commission related to the 750 megawatt lead combined cycle natural gas plant. Hearings have been held and we are expected to make a decision by the end of the second quarter. It approved the plant could be in service as early as mid-2017. This project will include non-cash AFUDC earnings during the construction period. We also continue to make investments to improve the performance of our nuclear fleet in the Carolinas and to comply with the NRC’s Fukushima requirements. Further, we are evaluating regulated total investment opportunities to meet our renewable portfolio standard requirements in North Carolina as well as the growing desire for renewable generation sources. We recently issued an RFP for up to 300 megawatts of solar in North Carolina targeted to be in service by the end of 2015. We will evaluate both purchase power and ownership options as part of the RFP process. Moving next to Florida, our recent settlement agreement gives us the ability to invest in additional peaking and base load generating capacity. Once in service, we were able to recover prudently incurred investments related to this generation without the need to a file a general rate case. We continue to evaluate options related to the need for up to an additional 1,150 megawatts of capacity by 2017. This consists of a mixture of self-build acquisition upgrades or PPAs. The amount of additional capacity is likely to be reduced if we are able to obtain approval to burn non-traditional coal at Crystal River 1 and 2 units through 2018. We expect to make filings with the Florida Commission by mid-2014 outlining the most cost effective options for our customers. We have also issued an RFP to approximately 1640 megawatts of combined-cycle gas for our base load generation in Florida in 2018. We’re evaluating proposal submitted from our residential [ph] power providers also submitted our own self-build option. We expect to finalize and announce the most cost effective options for our Florida customers by late summer this year. We’re also assessing transmission and distribution investments and increase the reliability of our systems. In Indiana we’re continuing to develop a plan under Senate Bill 560 that could potentially filed with the Indiana Commission later this year. Items under consideration include investments to improve our reliability, to our customers as well as to improve the type and timing of information we can provide to them. While our analysis is still ongoing we expect potential investments between $1 billion to $2 billion over seven years. We will provide further updates on the scope of our plan when it is being finalized. Senate Bill 560 allows for recovery of qualified transmission distribution projections to a wider mechanism. The plan also includes T&D investments in Ohio which are subject to wider recovery as well as further consolidation and investments to upgrade certain control centers throughout all of over service territories. Next, let me review our environmental compliance expenditures. Over the past decade our legacy companies span approximately 7 billion investing in scrubbers and SCRs based on our current assumptions and the timing of final regulations and how the EPA will adopt rules around air, water and residual waste. We currently estimate we will spend between 4.5 billion and 5.5 billion over the next 10 years with 900 year expected to be spent in the 2014 to 2016 time frame. Approximately 85% of our expected environmental compliance investments within the Carolinas and Indiana both of these jurisdictions are the strong track record of allowing utilities to recovery cost related to environmental compliance investments. We have environmental tracking mechanisms in Indiana and Florida. In 2014 to 2016 we will spend 1.6 billion on nuclear fuel the cost of this recovered utilized is through our fuel costs [ph] and the other 1.4 billion is expected to be spent to expand our distribution system as we connect additional customers and increase our revenue base. Finally we will invest in maintaining the reliability and performance of our system from 2014 to 2016 we expect to spend approximately 9 billion on maintenance of our system. Principally offsetting our annual depreciation. In our non-regulated businesses we expect to spend approximately 1.5 billion over the three year period from 2014 to 2016 an average of around 500 million which consist of growth capital of 1.2 billion for our renewals business as well as an additional 300 million in maintenance capital for our Midwest generation and International businesses. Our range includes a level of discretionary capital of $2 billion in 2014 to 2016 giving us flexibility to pursue opportunities for incremental growth projects in both our regulated and non-regulated business. In a moment I will discuss some potential opportunities we’re evaluating. In 2016 we begin construction of new generation plants to be in service, in 2017 and 2018 principally in the Carolinas and Florida. This will cause the range of our CapEx investments to accelerate in 2016 and beyond. Next I will provide details on the incremental investment projects I mentioned previously. First, as we announced earlier this morning. We have been in exclusive discussions with the North Carolina Eastern Municipal Power Agency regarding the potential to purchase their minority ownership interest in certain existing Duke Energy progress plants, a total of 700 megawatts of coal and nuclear generation. An agreement is reached, there are several approvals we would need to obtain for this transaction potential next steps would include a filing with the FERC, a request with the NRC to approve the transfer of the nuclear licenses, the DOJ antitrust approval as well as approvals from the Carolinas Commissions. It is too early to speculate on the timing needed to complete the transaction as negotiations are still ongoing. If we’re able to reach an agreement we would enter into a long term wholesale power contract with NCEMPA. We will keep you updated. An additional growth opportunity is the potential for gas infrastructure investments across our regulated jurisdictions. You were reminded of the importance of robust gas infrastructure during the recent extreme cold January weather. We intend to explore the viability of additional pipeline capacity into various jurisdictions to expand the infrastructure necessary to continue to support and expanding to aspire generation fleet. We also have the potential to invest in additional non-regulated renewable projects above our annual capital budget of approximately $400 million. Additionally, we continue to evaluate growth investment opportunities and projects at international that meet our risk-adjusted return expectations. Next, let me discuss the dividend payment to our shareholders, a cornerstone of our investment value proposition. As you can see on Slide 19, we have consistently increased the dividend at an average of 2% annually over the last several years. The Board ultimately has final say about the dividend. We believe the Board has the flexibility to increase the growth in the dividend to be more consistent with our earnings per share growth once we have achieved our targeted payout ratio of 65% to 70%. Based on the midpoint of our 2014 guidance range, we expect our payout ratio this year to be at the top end of the range at around 70%. I will close on Slide 20 with a discussion of our financial objectives. We have a strong track record of meeting these objectives. In addition to being well-positioned to achieve our 2014 EPS guidance range, we have a solid plan to deliver longer term EPS growth of 4% to 6% through 2016, while growing earnings we will continue to support the dividend payment to shareholders while maintaining a strong balance sheet. In summary, I am very pleased with our financial performance for the year and how we are positioned for the future. We will maintain our strong growth platform to investment opportunities in both our regulated utilities and our commercial businesses. We will continue to focus on providing our customers with low cost and reliable service while we drive efficiencies across the entire business. Now, I will turn the call back over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Steve. Let me briefly close with our priorities for 2014 and beyond as outlined on Slide 21. Simply stated, we will focus on achieving our financial objectives, including our earnings per share guidance range for 2014 as well as the growing a dividend and maintaining a strong balance sheet. We will also focus on driving further productivity in our businesses and deploying capital for the benefit of our customers and shareholders. As I mentioned, we will also turn our attention to enhance value from our commercial businesses, including advancing our process to access the Midwest generation business. We will maintain our focus on strong outreach to our important state and federal stakeholders as overall industry times and regulations continue to evolve. Duke Energy is a low-risk long-term holding with an excellent track record of performance. I am honored to lead this company and work with an extremely talented team. I am very pleased with what we have accomplished in 2013 and our platform gives us many opportunities to grow the company and create value for our customers, investors and communities. With that, let’s open the phone lines for your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we will take our first question from Shar Pourreza with Citigroup.
Lynn Good: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: We have sort of reiterated your EPS growth trajectory of 4% to 6% off for 2013, but looking at Slide 17, it looks like your CapEx profile looks flat beyond 2016, is that sort of a placeholder and how should we think about the EPS growth trajectory if you were to exit the Ohio business given the fact it could be accretive?
Steven Young: I think our CapEx profile does grow beyond 2016. I think back in our appendices we show that our rate base growth moves in the range of 6% beyond 2016 as we ramp up the lead combined cycle plants essential for the Florida combined cycle. And also we will see a change in 2016 and beyond as we become a significant taxpayer in a decrease and deferred taxes now put on to push on our rate base as well, Shar. So I think we do have growth in the earnings base.
Shar Pourreza: Got you. Very helpful. And then just when you think about potential uses of cash as you exit Ohio generation, is there any areas that we should be not thinking about as far as the source of cash or I think when you are maybe potentially quoted in media as so the cash could be buybacks, is there anything we should focus or what we could roll out?
Lynn Good: Yeah sure. We haven't made a decision on use of proceeds; we would like this process to mature over the course of 2014 and we will look at incremental investment opportunities that maybe right and what I also would say is we would not roll out a share buyback but this decisions will made down the road as we complete the process.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers: Glad you guys (indiscernible) determination on commercial operations, can you just clarify when that the earnings contributions included in guidance for both 14 number and the growth rate and then if it comes out what are you using for substitution to help sustain the growth rate beyond 2014?
Lynn Good: Dan the earnings contribution of the Midwest generation is in 2014 and then as we think about the build-up for growth over the 14 to 16 period we believe that redeployment of the proceeds will be accretive and be a strong contributor to the 4% to 6% growth rate.
Dan Eggers: Do you have a place holder beyond ’14 for using some assumption of cash for debt pay down or some other reinvestment to support the growth rate is that the right way to think about it?
Steven Young: That’s correct.
Dan Eggers: And then on International if I look at kind of the contribution of your growth rate drivers usually kind by business line out through ’16, your International looks like you kind of hit at zero contribution through the growth rates which is kind of trending water over those years. How does that slow the flat looking outlook effect the strategy review you guys are going through right now?
Lynn Good: Dan I would say it's an catalyst for the review. We look at a strategic review of the International probably 5 or 6 years. We think it's appropriate to do so again, we do this periodically for all of our businesses. We’re pleased with the International business, the contributions that they have made overtime but we would like to explore positioning for better growth and for optimization of cash flow so that will be your focus in ’14.
Dan Eggers: Is the impairment you guys took on commercial or the money will take given that extra cash surplus, does that make it easier to think about monetize International because you’ve a better offset to maybe any refilteration [ph] cash you would have to deal with?
Lynn Good: Dan I wouldn’t jump to monetization of International. What I would suggest is let us work through the process and evaluate a range of options and as we complete our review we will be in a position to talk further about it.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold: Couple of quick questions just to clarify on things that you’ve already just answered them I’m afraid. On the Midwest and you said the use of proceeds will be accretive and in the other statement net of losing the earnings of business and the accretion, okay so it's an aggregate state it's not just you will have accretive offset.
Lynn Good: That’s right.
Steven Young: That’s correct.
Jonathan Arnold: And then on International you talked about a 6% CAGR I think somewhere in the slides for the pricing assumption in Brazil. Can you just is that something you’ve clear line of sight on currently how much of that is already priced and how much of that is an assumption?
Steven Young: We have pretty good line of sight for that Jonathan. Our revenue pricing in our contracts in Brazil is tagged to inflation indices that have been pretty consistent and they are on lagging indices so we have already seen some of those metric come through and the forecast for inflation in Brazil and so forth are pretty stable and so we feel pretty good about this pricing metrics.
Jonathan Arnold: So you don’t have kind of recontracting embedded in that assumption, that’s just the current contracts in place?
Steven Young: That’s correct.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS Investments.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Quick question following up on the International strategic review, could you elaborate perhaps on what those options are more specifically?
Lynn Good: Yes, Julien, I think it’s premature to talk about the range of options. What I would say is just emphasizing looking at rate to position the business to grow and also ways to further optimize cash flow. The fact that we were able to identify an bring 750 million home, I think is a good indication of works that we put underway in 2013 and we will just continue that strategic focus in ‘14 as we have more information, we will of course sharing.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And just to be clear, anything you would do would need to be accretive?
Lynn Good: I think that’s a good turning point.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Alright, just to be clear. And then perhaps looking at the earned ROE assumption in the buildup if you will of the 4 to 6 years of regulatory lag plus depreciation of minus 3%, what kind of earned ROE degradation or what have you are you assuming as you think about the New Year period, the three-year?
Steven Young: We project that we are going to be earning very close to our allowed returns in all of our jurisdictions. You do have regulatory lag, but you have also got new investments that are going into Reuters and accruing AFUDC and earnings and so forth. Additionally, one of the big key elements that gets us to a rate freeze period is being able to eliminate rate lag due to O&M increases keeping O&M flat is very significant here and should help us to earn our allowed returns.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then lastly quick question on the ‘14 assumption on guidance, there is a big other jump from minus 128 to minus 215, could you talk about that quickly?
Steven Young: Yes, in the other area that we are looking at two things that occur there, you got Holdco interest expense, which goes up as you issue a Holdco debt to fund some of the growth in the business and then we do expect our effective tax rate to jump and increase by roughly 1% and the effective tax rate goes up for a couple of reasons. One is that as you move forward, the Progress entity has less permanent differences, less tax benefits, so when it’s mixed into the Duke entity as a whole, which has renewables and international, it pushes the effective tax rate up a bit. Also we are seeing that we have less AFUDC equity impacts in the tax rate, so that drives the effective tax rate up a bit as well.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Great, thank you.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Brian Chin with Merrill Lynch.
Lynn Good: Good morning Brian.
Brian Chin: Hi, good morning, Lynn. Good morning Steve. For your comments on Slide 18 on transmission and gas infrastructure, could you talk a little bit more about what opportunities might manifest themselves as you complete your evaluations?
Lynn Good: Brian, this is an early stage evaluation of infrastructure in the Southeast as we continue look at adding gas fired generation in the Carolinas, in particular, we have independent CGR on a pipeline infrastructure that we brought to explore other options. And so this is something that is on our radar screen for strategic growth and objective that we would like to achieve. We also think it’s important for reliability for customers and so we will be exploring that over the next year or two to see if an investment makes sense.
Brian Chin: Should we be thinking about that in the terms of gas or pipeline investments potentially that connect to your gas fired generation? Is that sort of the primary thrust of where that thought process is going?
Lynn Good: Yes.
Brian Chin: Great. And then just one other question on this slide for commercial solar and your wind assets in general, just how do you think about the opportunity to construct a Yieldco like some of your peers?
Steven Young: We have looked at Yieldcos, Brian. And we will continue to keep an eye on those types of financing vehicles, but a couple of things to keep in mind on a Yieldco that we are looking now. One is that we trade as a Yieldco already and so isolating assets there may not have as much incremental benefit for our shareholders. Another thing you have to keep an eye with Yieldcos is they require very disciplined investment profile. You typically have to match up the investments with tax benefits that roll off under accelerated depreciation and it requires quite a disciplined investment in capital and that flexibility in our capital planning maybe a hurdle in setting up a yield curve.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Hugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne: My question goes to the ash pond cleanup issue, you’ve been under some you have been fighting some legal suits in the Carolinas regarding supposed groundwater contamination if I remember correctly and now we have the Dan River break and at the end of this year I think EPA will come out with it's coal ash regulations. What is long term thinking of regarding how you’re going to handle that? Are those cost included in your environmental CapEx and what will be the prospects for recovery?
Lynn Good: Let me break that question down. I will speak first of all about Dan River, we have been very focused over the last two weeks with a 24/7 operation to put a permanent solution in place and to begin remediation. We will take the learning from this experience and look for ways that we can improve overall management of our ash ponds and we are very focused on ensuring the integrity of our basins throughout our system and so that effort will continue. If I could position [ph] to the broader level about ash pond remediation and implications of the coal combustion residuals we do expect the two rules by the end of this year and when Steve talked about the $4.5 billion to $5 billion that does include ash pond closures, it also includes conversions to dry handling and so those estimates will continue to be updated and evolve as these regulations are finalized.
Hugh Wynne: Is recovery ordinarily available in the place where the plants are located?
Lynn Good: Yes. We have had a good history of environment recovery and I think 85% of our environmental costs are in Indiana and the Carolinas and we have again through the recovery of environmental cost in both of those jurisdictions.
Hugh Wynne: Just a quick follow-up of an earlier question regarding the other segment, the significant decline in expense in that segment relative to your expectations. I think you were expecting something like 205 million and you ended up incurring only 128 million. Is that also attributable to upgrade law change in the effective tax rate or are there other factors apply?
Steven Young: Income taxes were a large portion of that. We have found have some state optimization tax benefit opportunities that we took advantage of, there were also some lower cost in our captive insurance area as well.
Hugh Wynne: The losses from your insurance policies are not as high as you had anticipated?
Steven Young: That’s correct.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: I want to ask about the dividend and dividend growth, at what point do you think you will be at a stage where dividend growth is within the same range or close to earnings growth and is there ever a stage coming for Duke where dividend growth is faster than earnings growth?
Lynn Good: I will take the first part of the question Michael, we’re trending to 70% in 2014 and so we will look very closely at increasing the level of the dividend in working with the Board of course but it's ultimately their decision but our aspiration is to grow the dividend ever trying consistent with earnings growth. I think the latter part of our question is probably something that is few years out that we look at the way the macro trends in the business continue to evolve. So I think our objective is always put together a combination of earnings growth and dividend that’s attracted to our shareholders and that objective won't change.
Michael Lapides: And then an environmental question, I mean there is obviously lots of talk about potential carbon rules coming out this summer or a little later. Could you talk a little bit about what’s in your expectations in terms of what the rules for both coal ash and 316(b) could look like?
Lynn Good: We have specifics and key trends here. Michael let me direct the question to Keith, he can give you a little bit of visibility and what’s in our plan over the next three years and then you can talk me on that.
Keith Trent: Michael with respect to coal ash we do expect that it will be designated as non-hazardous so that’s the general assumption that we’re working with, in terms of specific investment we have very detailed plan. What I would tell you is the four largest categories of spend one is on (indiscernible) and then we have precipitator refurbishment at six plants we have dry ash conversion at multiple plants and then also ash pond closure. So this was the four biggest conversions, biggest spins that we have in this category. But again in terms of CCR we’re expecting non-hazardous.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Last item just a tax, cash flow related question. What do you see I noticed the guidance for commercial power and the commercial business you know it's a seems like it's been driven largely by tax benefit, am I interpretation that correctly that acting as one of the slides and I want to make sure you assume a 40% to 50%, 50% to 60% tax benefit at that business?
Steven Young: At the renewables business a great deal of the economics are driven by tax benefits that’s correct Michael.
Michael Lapides: So the assumption then that the actual EBITDA that business combined of a commercial power is kind of pretty low but the renewable business the tax benefits drive kind of the uptick in earnings power from the business?
Steven Young: That’s correct Michael.
Operator: We will take our next question from Kit Konolige with BGC.
Kit Konolige: So to get back for a second to the Midwest generation, can you elaborate a little bit on the discussion of your expectation for taking the charge on that business if I wrote it down correctly you said that you expected a charge of 1 billion to 2 billion in 2014 which as I understood it, it would be the difference between the your kind of projected fair market value versus the book value?
Steven Young: That’s correct Kit.
Kit Konolige: And Steve what’s the book value currently on that?
Steven Young: The net book value of the property, plant and equipment net of accumulated depreciations in the ballpark of 3.5 billion. There will be other items that could come into play in this calculation, inventories deferred taxes, some of those kind of things. I don’t want to be over precise by 3.5 billion is the property, plant and equipment.
Kit Konolige: And you said you don’t expect any transaction to close in 2014?
Steven Young: That’s correct.
Kit Konolige: So can we understand from that that the sale process might take something like what six months or something like that?
Lynn Good: I think the facts were announced yesterday and we’re taking advisors in play. So I think we will be in a position to give you more clarity on timing as we move into the first quarter call but based on our present expectations we think a 12 month period is probably a reasonable planning assumption.
Kit Konolige: A 12 month period Lynn from now until closing or now until an announcement of the sale?
Lynn Good: Now until closing.
Operator: That concludes today’s question and answer session. Mr. Bill Currens at this time I will turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Lynn Good: Thank you and thank you for interesting in Duke Energy. We look forward to seeing many of you in the weeks and months ahead. So thanks again.
Operator: This now concludes the presentation. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Bob Drennan – Vice President-Investor Relations Lynn J. Good – President and Chief Executive Officer Steven K. Young – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Shar Pourreza – Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Greg Gordon – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC Jonathan P. Arnold – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley Hugh Wynne – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS Securities LLC Brian J. Chin – Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Michael J. Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co. Kit Konolige – BGC Partners LP Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey  
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Duke Energy Third Quarterly Earnings Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Bob Drennan. Please go ahead.
Bob Drennan: Thank you, Mary. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Duke Energy’s third quarter 2013 earnings review and business update. Leading our call, this morning is Lynn Good, President and CEO; along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today’s discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide 2 presents the Safe Harbor statement, which accompanies our presentation materials. You should also refer to the information in our 2012 10-K and other SEC filings concerning factors that could cause future results to differ from this forward-looking information. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website at duke-energy.com and in today’s materials. Please note that the appendix to today’s presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures to help you analyze the company’s performance. Today, Lynn will begin with the highlights of our third quarter and Steve will provide a more detailed financial update. Then Lynn will review our near-term priorities and discuss our future growth opportunities. We will allow plenty of time for your questions. As many of you know, I am retiring from Duke Energy at the end of this year. So this is my final earnings call. Over 40 years ago, I began my professional career with Duke Power and have experienced a rare opportunity to come full circle in my career ending with Duke Energy. I have over 35 years of combined service to the company and its predecessors, including 25 years devoted to Investor Relations. During that time, I was fortunate to meet a lot of great people in the investment community. I especially appreciate all the wisdom, the guidance and feedback, many of you have shared with me over the years. The goal was always to move the Investor Relations function forward.
 : Okay. So, Lynn, let’s talk about the quarter.
Lynn J. Good: Good morning, everyone, and thanks, Bob. Before I get into my remarks, I also want to recognize, Bob. I had the pleasure of working with him over the last year and a half. And as a company, we’ve benefited not only from his industry experience and leadership in IR, but also his leadership in the company. So Bob, thank you for a great contribution to the company, and we all wish you and live the very best in the future. Let me also welcome to the call, Steven Young. As you know, Steve assumed his role as Chief Financial Officer in August. And I know a number of you have had an opportunity to meet with Steve. He brings a deep understanding of our business and is committed to the company and to achieving our financial objectives. So before turning the call over to Steve, let me begin with a brief highlight of our accomplishments for the quarter. We achieved adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.46, compared with $1.47 for the same quarter a year ago. Our third quarter results were consistent with our plan for the year. Our results were impacted by unusually mild summer weather, $0.11 below the third quarter of 2012. At the same time, we benefited from updated customer rates and load growth. As we have previously highlighted, we expected our 2013 earnings to be shaped more toward the back end of the year due to the timing of regulatory outcomes. In late September, we received approval of our two rate cases for Duke Energy Carolinas, including approval for nuclear levelization. As a result, we expect to recognize significant benefits from these regulatory proceedings in the fourth quarter. As a result of the resolution on a number of important regulatory matters, we have raised the lower end of our earnings guidance range by $0.05 to $4.25. As a result, our expected range for 2013 is now $4.25 to $4.45 per share. This range considers various outcomes in our Ohio cost base capacity request, which is still pending with the Ohio Commission. Based upon the fourth quarter drivers that Steve will discuss shortly, we are confident in our ability to deliver earnings in this range for 2013. Additionally, during the quarter, we announced the definitive agreement to sell our remaining 50% interest in DukeNet for approximately $210 million in cash. This regional fiber optic network company is a non-core business. We expect the transaction to close in the first quarter of 2014. Next, let me highlight a few operational and regulatory items for the quarter. From an operational perspective, we had strong performance across our generation fleets. Nuclear fleet improvements remain a high priority. [Indiscernible] and his team has made great strides in the fleets’ performance and let me give you a few highlights. The combined capacity factor for our nuclear plants in the third quarter was 97%. During the critical summer months of June through August, the fleet capacity factor was 99.7%. We remain on track for 2013 to be the 15th consecutive year with a nuclear fleet capacity factor above 90%. Our Robinson station completed a record continuous run of 531 days before it began its refueling outage in September. The Oconee Station set a record by continuously operating all three units for 315 days before the start of a scheduled outage in October. Moving to Indiana, we placed the Edwardsport IGCC plant into service in early June. Since that time, we are focused on optimizing plant performance, including ongoing performance testing, progressing through GE's new product introduction testing protocol and resolving the remaining punch list items from construction. All major technology systems have been validated and are working as designed. In fact, the amount of generation fueled by syngas has increased over the past several months. Since the plant is in service state, we have operated each of the two gasifiers more than 1,500 hours. We are pleased with our overall progress and we'll continue to focus on increasing the plant’s availability and reliability over the next 12 months. Moving to regulatory matters, 2013 is an important year with a number of significant regulatory proceedings. In September, Duke Energy Carolinas received approval of constructive rate case agreements in both North Carolina and South Carolina. The new rates went into effect in late September and will be key drivers for fourth quarter 2013 and full year 2014 results. In late October, the North Carolina Utilities Commission issued an order, which upheld its 2012 approval of the Duke Energy Carolinas rate settlement. The rate increase have been appealed by the Attorney General to the State Supreme Court, which then directed the Commission to review the evidence regarding the appropriate rate of return, although the attorney general has announced his intention to appeal this most recent order from the commission. We believe this affirmation satisfies all of the requirements in this case set up by the Supreme Court. Last month Duke Energy Florida received regulatory approval of the comprehensive settlement agreement reached in August. The approved settlement moderates rate impacts to customers, provide clarity on cost recovery and creates a framework for meeting future capacity needs. In Ohio, we continue to wait for an order on the cost base capacity filing and resolution of the manufactured gas plant recovery request from our gas distribution case. We anticipate both matters will be resolved by the end of the year. I’m very pleased with all we’ve accomplished so far in 2013, our operational performance is strong and improving, we have received constructive outcomes in our regulatory proceedings resulting in approximately $600 million of total annualized revenue increases. Let me now turn the call over to Steve who will provide more details on our quarterly financial performance and our short-term and long-term financial objective. After that I will speak about our near term priorities and how we are positioning the company for the future.
Steven K. Young: Thanks Lynn. Since taking over as CFO in early August, I have visited with many of you and described my background. During my 33 years with the company I’ve had the pleasure of getting to know many people at Duke Energy and the fine work that they do. I’ve held various roles in the finance group and worked closely with State and Federal Regulators. I look forward to continuing the company’s relationship with the investment community. Today I will begin with an overview Duke Energy’s third quarter earnings results for each of its business segments and will also update you on retail customer volume trends and the economic conditions in our regulated jurisdictions. Key earnings drivers to consider for the fourth quarter of 2013 and full year of 2014, the status of our merger integration and cost control efforts and our overall financial objectives. As Lynn highlighted, today we announce third quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share of a $46 compared to prior year quarterly results of a $47. On Slide 5, you will see a summary of the primary drivers of quarterly adjusted earnings for each of our segments. Note that beginning this quarter we are – our recording progress energies results within each of the respected drivers on this slide. The progress energy contribution will no longer be presented as a single line item. Let me start with the results U.S. Franchised Electric and Gas our largest segment, which recognized an increase in quarterly earnings of $0.02 per share. You will see that the implementation of updated customer rates added $0.16 hoping to offset the impact of unfavorable weather. Additionally, a 1.7% increase in weather normalized customer volumes and growth in our wholesale business added $0.07. I will provide more details on our customer volume and economic trends in a moment. Weather this quarter was $0.09 below normal, a quarter-over-quarter negative variance of $0.11, cooling degree days in the Carolinas were 18% below normal and the mid-West was 11% below normal. Scarlet this was the mildest third quarter since 2004. Other negative impacts to USFE&G’s quarterly results included a $0.04 per share reduction of cost of removal amortization in Florida. During the quarter, we recognized $22 million of cost of removal; we planned to utilize the remaining balance of $19 million in the fourth quarter. Lower AFUDC equity due to the completion of several large projects across our service territories also negatively impacted the quarter. However, keep in mind that these completed projects were incorporated into the rate increases described earlier. Next, international energy recognized an increase of $0.02 per share for the quarter. The segment was positively impacted by higher pricing in Brazil as well as results from the Chilean acquisition in December 2012. Hydro conditions in Brazil continue to stabilize during the third quarter recovering from the delay in the rainy season experienced earlier in the year. Additionally, our run-of-river hydro facilities in Chile benefited from significant rainfall; unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates driven by a weaker Brazilian real partially offset those results. As an update operations at National Methanol returned to normal this quarter after the extended outage in the second quarter. As such, results of National Methanol were fairly consistent with the prior year quarter. Next, let’s move to Commercial Power where results were $0.02 lower than the prior year quarter, the non-regulated Midwest generation fleet experienced mixed results due to changes in commodity prices. The Midwest coal fleet recognized higher margins due to lower costs while generation volumes for the Midwest gas fleet were 15% due to a tighter spread and an unplanned outage. Our renewables business recognized the decrease of $0.02 per share compared with the prior year. This was primarily due to a prior year joint venture development fee that did not recur in the current quarter. Finally, the full quarter impact of the prior year issuance of shares in connection with the merger negatively impacted third quarter earnings by $0.02. our adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was approximately 32% consistent with the prior year quarter. We remain on track for full year 2013 adjusted effective tax rate of around 34% at the lower end of our previously announced range of 34% to 35%. Turning to Slide 6, let’s talk about what we are experiencing with customer volume trends. For 2013 we projected retail sales growth at about 1.5% of 1% over the prior year and through the third quarter this is what we have experienced. In the third quarter however, total normalized customer load was 1.7% higher supported by growth in all customer classes. We experienced strong growth in all of our jurisdictions with the exception of Florida, which continues to face unfavorable trends and household income resulting in soft retail and the entertainment spending. Let me briefly discuss the primary drivers in each of our customer classes for the quarter. Residential demand was 1.1% higher. The average number of customers increased 0.8% from the prior year quarter. Average usage per residential customer is essentially flat for the quarter. Florida’s usage rates remain particularly weak, due to the high number of low usage customers, high vacancy rates and weak household income. Commercial demand was 1.6% higher on a weather-normalized basis driven by lower unemployment and improved office and retail vacancy rates. Industrial demand was around 3% higher. This is a level we have not experienced since 2010. Key drivers of this increase include strong performance in the automotive, paper and construction-related industries. One quarter of strong result however, does not cause us to change our long-term views. It is more meaningful to look at longer term trends. Based on the rolling 12 months, we have experienced average annual load growth for all customer classes of around 0.5% consistent with our forecast. The U.S. economic recovery remains soft relative to historical standards and expectations. U.S. household income has improved, although consumer confidence remains low. Specific to our service territories, we continue to believe the southeast is positioned well for future economic development activity supported by affordable energy and housing as well as sufficient sources of labor. The Midwest has been supported by strengthened manufacturing, while Florida is poised for housing market recovery. While we are pleased with the recent trends, we continue to remain cautiously optimistic on the overall economic recovery. We continue to track overall trends and will provide any updates to our load forecasts in February. As we stated on the second quarter call, we expected 2013 earnings to be more back-end loaded than usual. This is due to the timing of regulatory approvals, including the approval of our request to levelize nuclear outage costs. We began to see the benefits of these regulatory outcomes in the third quarter, but these results were masked by unfavorable weather. Based upon our results to-date and the finalization of significant regulatory activity, we are confident in our ability to deliver 2013 adjusted earnings within the range of $4.25 to $4.45 per share. In the fourth quarter, we are well positioned to deliver adjusted diluted earnings per share of between $0.90 and $1.10. This is significantly higher than the $0.70 we recognized in the fourth quarter of 2012. Let me discuss a few of the primary drivers expected to impact our fourth quarter results as outlined on Slide 7. First of all, Duke Energy Carolinas will recognize a full quarter of the customer rate increases approved in late September. These increases along with those implemented early in 2013 will be significant drivers of our fourth quarter results compared to last year. Additionally, our Carolinas rate settlements included the approval of nuclear outage cost levelization. As a result, the cost related to our four power refueling outages will be deferred and amortized over the refueling cycle rather than expensed when the outage occurs. This will benefit our fourth quarter results. We expect to see retail customer load growth as well as increased contributions from our regulated wholesale business. Further we expect continued merger synergies and other cost control efforts to contribute to the fourth quarter results. I will provide further information on merger cost savings in a moment. We also project normal weather for the quarter. As you may recall, our fourth quarter 2012 results included below normal weather of around $0.04. In all these drivers, most of which are known, give us confidence in our ability to achieve our updated 2013 adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance range. This range considers various outcomes in our Ohio cost base capacity request, which is still pending with the Ohio Commission. As Lynn mentioned in her opening remarks, we anticipate a decision on this matter before the end of the year. Now let's turn our attention to merger integration efforts. We have two broad categories of merger savings opportunities. First, fuel and joint dispatch savings, which immediately benefit our Carolinas’ customers; and second, the more traditional O&M synergies resulting from the elimination of duplicative functions, processes and systems. We continue to make progress on our commitment to deliver fuel and joint dispatch savings to our customers in the Carolinas. To-date, we are ahead of our target and have generated $145 million of cumulative fuel on joint dispatch savings since the inception of the merger. We have contractually locked in or generated approximately 50% of the guaranteed fuel and joint dispatch savings. As a result, we are on track to deliver the guaranteed savings of $687 million. Our merger integration savings and continuous improvement initiatives are also on track. A significant amount of our savings to-date have been related to corporate centric cost. We expect those cost to decrease by approximately 20% on a pro forma combined basis from 2011 to 2014. Let me provide some highlights from this effort. First, we have completed the organizational staffing process and we'll release the lapse of approximately employees to our voluntary severance program by early 2014. Second, efforts to consolidate IT systems and operational processes are on track with essentially all financial and human resources systems expected in place in January 2014. Finally, our supply chain function is also achieving savings through the consolidation and renegotiation of procurement contracts. In addition to savings from the corporate functions, our efforts to consolidate operational departments such as nuclear, fossil generation, transmission and distribution are well underway and are on track to be completed in 2014 and 2015 providing further benefits. As a result of our efforts to-date between 2011 and 2014, we project our total non-fuel O&M costs will remain flat. The cost saving efforts I have described will help to reduce the impact of modest inflationary pressures as well as cost increases resulting from nuclear and our new generation investments. We expect to exceed the high-end of our original estimate of 5% to 7% in non-fuel O&M savings, creating total cost savings of approximately $550 million or 9% of our pro forma consolidated O&M expense of $6 billion by 2014. We previously targeted a longer-term annual O&M growth rate of 1% to 2%, net of merger savings and other cost control efforts. Based upon our success to-date as well as continued aggressive focus on cost, we believe we could exceed these expectations. In addition to the cost control efforts which I just described let me turn to Slide 9 and provide you with our preliminary thoughts on our other 2014 earnings drivers. We will provide our 2014 earnings guidance in February. On the right hand side of this slide, you will see the key year-over-year segment earnings drivers for 2014. At USFE&G earnings will get a full year benefit from this year's approved rate settlements. We also expect an uplift from a return to normal weather along with modest retail load growth of one-half of 1%.We expect continued growth in our regulated wholesale business due primarily to new long-term contracted sales. Headwinds will include the elimination of cost of renewable amortization in Florida and lower nuclear outage costs levelization benefits in the Carolinas. In commercial power, we anticipate improved results from higher PJM capacity revenues. Additionally, the outcome of the Ohio cost base capacity request may also impact next year's segment results. Finally, the weakness experienced in the first half of 2013 at international was not expected to recur in 2014. The unfavorable rainfall conditions experienced earlier this year in Brazil have stabilized and operations have returned to normal. At the same time, our international earnings will continue to be sensitive to changes in foreign exchange and commodity prices at National Methanol. Slide 10 reaffirms our financial objectives. Duke Energy is well positioned due to the constructive rate case outcomes we achieved during the year and the success of our efforts to resolve uncertainty during the past 16 months. We continue to target 4% to 6% adjusted earnings per share growth through 2015. This is based on the midpoint of our original 2013 earnings per share guidance range. We will update our earnings growth objectives through 2016 during our year-end call in February. Our balance sheet and credit metrics remain strong. Moody's recently recognized our efforts to reduce business risks by upgrading the ratings of our utilities in the Carolinas and Indiana as well as the ratings of the Duke Energy holding company. Our current business plans do not include any new equity issuances through the end of 2015. We are focused on optimizing the use of cash previously generated by our international businesses. As of September 30, we had $1.8 billion of cash offshore, of which, $1.2 billion was held outside our operating companies and is generally available for reinvestment in the international business or return to the United States. In December of this year, we expect to bring back approximately $700 million of cash using a one-time tax efficient financing structure. In the near term, this cash will be used to refund holding company level debt that matures in the first quarter of 2014. These funds will provide us balance sheet flexibility as we evaluate longer term growth investment opportunities. The dividend remains central to our investor value proposition. Over the past several years, we have been growing the dividend annually at about 2%, which is a rate slower than our overall earnings growth. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% based upon adjusted diluted earnings per share. Ultimately, the dividend is at the discretion of the Board. We believe we have flexibility to grow the dividend at a pace more consistent with earnings growth once we are within this targeted payout ratio. In closing, we have a platform unmatched in the industry due to our scale and highly regulated business mix. We remain committed to our financial objectives and we use our strengths to deliver significant benefits to our customers and investors. Now, I will turn the call back over to Lynn.
Lynn J. Good: Thank you, Steve. Let me close with the discussion of our strategy priorities. As a company, we've accomplished a great deal since we closed the merger with Progress in July of last year. We created the largest utility in the industry with a diverse set of customers, jurisdictions and generation sources. We resolved the near term priorities we established after the merger as outlined on Slide 11. Our regulatory proceedings are essentially complete with five rate cases approved and updated customer rates implemented. Clarity on the cost based capacity filing in Ohio will help inform our long-term strategic plans for the Midwest generation fleet. As Steve detailed, we have made significant progress in achieving the savings we anticipated from the merger, both fuel and joint dispatch, as well as non-fuel O&M savings. We also remain focused on ensuring consistently exceptional performance from our valuable nuclear fleet in the Carolinas. By resolving these issues, we have positioned Duke Energy as a low risk, highly regulated utility, operating in constructive regulatory environments. We have the financial strength and flexibility to consistently deliver on our commitments and grow the business. Let me spend a few minutes discussing our future growth opportunities as outlined on Slide 12. In Florida, the comprehensive settlement approved by the Florida Commission in October allows us to evaluate new generation investments to replace lost capacity due to plant retirements such as Crystal River 3 and a potential retirement of the Crystal River 1 and 2 coal units. In early October, we issued an RFP for approximately 1,640 megawatts of combined cycle generation capacity needs. We expect to finalize the RFP in late summer next year. As the company's self-build option is selected as the most cost effective alternative, we will file for a need certificate with the Commission. Construction could begin in early 2015 with an in-service date of 2018. In the Carolinas, last month, we filed an application for a need certificate with the Public Service Commission of South Carolina seeking approval to construct and operate a 750 megawatt combined cycle plant at the existing Lee Steam station site in South Carolina. NCEMC will be a minority owner of 100 megawatts of the project if constructed. If approved, this plant could come online in the 2017 timeframe. Additionally, we have the potential to invest in the V.C. Summer nuclear plant being built in South Carolina. We continue to evaluate an ownership interest in this facility of up to 10%. We also expect growth from new wholesale contracts in the Carolinas. In Indiana, Senate Bill 560 provides the opportunity to move forward with transmission and distribution modernization in the state. We are evaluating, filing a seven-year infrastructure plan with the Commission outlining proposed investments. We also anticipate making several billion dollars of environmental compliance investments principally in the Carolinas and Indiana. The ultimate level of such investments will depend on the finalization of rules, which are currently pending with EPA. Further, we will evaluate targeted growth opportunities in our renewables and international businesses that complement our 4% to 6% growth objectives while meeting our risk adjusted return expectations. For Duke Energy as a whole, our scale and diversity position us to deploy capital based on the needs of our customers in each jurisdiction. In total, these investments will help drive growth in the back half of the decade, while maintaining our low risk value proposition and highly regulated business mix. In closing, as I step back and view our company 16 months after the merger, I see a company that has successfully addressed post-merger uncertainties, achieved significant regulatory clarity and lower business risk. We will excel in our mission to provide affordable and reliable energy to our customers, while at the same time, continuing our efforts to drive efficiencies and cost effectively deploying capital investments. We are well positioned to achieve our short-term and long-term financial objectives and continue to deliver value for our customers, communities and investors. In February, we will provide updated financial plans for 2014 and the future. With that, let's open the phone lines for your questions.
Operator: Thank you (Operator Instructions) And we’ll take our first question from Shar Pourreza with Citigroup.
Shar Pourreza – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Good morning, everyone.
Lynn J. Good: Good morning, Shar.
Steven K. Young: Good morning.
Shar Pourreza – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Bob, first congrats on the retirement. You’ve been a good friend and a great resource for us for several years, so congratulations.
Bob Drennan: Thank you.
Shar Pourreza – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Let me ask you a question. With the approximate $700 million coming back to the U.S., any guidance on where you think you'll redeploy it? And I guess, with the rest of the cash from Latin America, curious if you see any further value creating opportunities in the U.S., like maybe solar that could potentially offset the tax leakage?
Lynn J. Good: In the short-term, we will bring the $700 million back and use it to delay additional financing at the holding company, which effectively creates balance sheet flexibility for us to identify growth opportunities and invest in longer-term growth opportunities. Solar can certainly be a part of that as we look at renewables in our jurisdictions, and I also, as I went through Slide 12, gave you some perspective of other capital investment opportunities that exist in our jurisdictions.
Shar Pourreza – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay. Terrific. And then just one question on the Ohio capacity case, given what's left with the procedural schedule on PUCO at least for November; are we thinking more we'll get an order in the cost-based approach sometime in December or we – is there still the potential for a November order?
Lynn J. Good: At this point, I don't have any specifics on it, Shar. We believe, expect or anticipate it by the end of the year. With the holiday schedule, I think, we'll just have to evaluate it as the dockets and schedules are produced, whether it's November or December. 
Shar Pourreza – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay. Thanks very much. Congrats.
Lynn J. Good: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Lynn J. Good:  Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: You'll be missed. My question is on the commentary you just made with regard to your O&M growth or aspirations/your ability to control O&M growth. As we look into 2014, I guess, you've indicated you feel like it's possible that you'll outperform 1% to 2% O&M growth baseline that you've targeted. Can you – you pointed to some things that are driving that, is pension and the increase in expected discount rates a big factor in that, and are there other things on the list that you necessarily didn't call out earlier?
Lynn J. Good:  Greg, I think it's a combination of a number of things. What we try to emphasize with the merger synergies is we have effectively exceeded the 5% to 7% targeted savings and expect to deliver about $550 million of savings in 2014. That puts us in a position to maintain O&M flat from 2011 to 2014. So it's a combination of merger integration. Certainly, we believe that pension benefits will trend down as we are looking at discount rates and other factors, but we'll need to finalize the specifics on the pension when we set the discount rate at the end of the year.
Steven K. Young:  And I would say that the pension expense is not the bigger driver of the $550 million by any means. It is primarily O&M savings within our corporate and functional areas.
Greg Gordon – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Lynn J. Good: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes. Good morning.
Lynn J. Good: Good morning.
Jonathan P. Arnold – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I’d like to – Bob, personally, good wishes as well. Thank you. On the – just on the last question around, you were saying flat into 2014 for O&M, but everything else in the prior guidance slides was talking about into 2015. Do you feel that you're just not quite ready to commit flat into 2015 or should we be thinking about back to that 1% to 2% growth trajectory on the extra year? 
Lynn J. Good: Jonathan, we haven't given specific guidance into 2015. What we did indicate in our remarks here today is based on where we're positioned and the aggressive cost control measures we have in place. We could exceed the 1% to 2% meaning a lesser growth in CAGR and O&M, but we haven’t given any specific guidance on that. We’ll continue to finalize our plans and you should know we’re aggressively working on cost to continue to drive cost out of the business and all of those factors are considered in our growth expectation of 4% to 6% through 2015.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you. And I just also notice that you don’t – you sort of take down your I guess long-term sales number to 1.5% to 1% now versus it was 1% before. So could you just provide in context of what you said about 2013 and one quarter not being a trend are you looking at 2013 really as an anomaly at this point or is that something else that’s kind of drive that additional caution further out?
Lynn J. Good: Jonathan, I think we’re right on track with where we expected to be. Our guidance for the full year of 2013 was 0.5% and that’s where we see the growth. The third quarter was a bit stronger than what we anticipated coming in at 1.7 but there are some imprecision in those volume numbers particular in a soft weather quarter. Long-term we’ve been planning for 0.5% to 1% and we are actually challenging our team to think about an environment of that kind of load growth even trending to flat overtime potentially as we think about sizing our spending, O&M spending.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Great. Got it. Because I’m right on one other topic. Should we view the 700 million repatriation as what you consider to be the sort of the current excess or is this an initial cost of something that could be more substantial and then may be just could you clarify the structure you are using and what the tax implications are?
Lynn J. Good:  Jonathan, this is a one time opportunity to take advantage of a tax structure to bring home cash without a substantial tax liability, it’s effectively strips basis out of the structure of the international structure. And so that 700 will come home, you could consider that to be a one-time opportunity for us to take advantage of that tax structure. On an ongoing basis we continue to evaluate the use of international cash. We have not made a final decision to repatriate trade on an ongoing basis but that represents an opportunity for us in the future.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Great. Thank you, Lynn.
Lynn J. Good: Thank you.
Operator: And we will our next question from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: Hey good morning. First of all Bob congratulations we’ll see you next week so we can do it more personally and formally. But I guess just to the quarter or to the outlook. Can you talk a little bit more what you guys see is the big CapEx buckets maybe a little more detail beyond kind of the near-term plan if you think about infrastructure spending in Indiana if you think about the next wave of environmental CapEx what kind of rate base and growth you still see out there?
Bob Drennan: Looking at our CapEx over the next several years we see that we’re in the roughly $6 billion range slightly down from the combined levels we’ve seen in the past. We have had a lot of major projects complete recently, but going forward we’ve got a lot of maintenance CapEx in those numbers and there is nuclear infrastructure. Additionally when you get out into 2015, 2016 or 2017 you’ll start to see the next cycle of build in the CapEx with potentially Florida self-build combined cycle and self-build in the Carolinas as well. but that's kind of the broad picture of our CapEx.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse:  I think its you went southern on the earnings call, last week they talked about the idea that towards the end of the decade there should be reacceleration in environmental CapEx for their coal fleet. Where do you guys see that affecting your generation coal ash and water coming?
Steven K. Young: We are projecting over the next 10 year period $5 billion to $6 billion of environmental spend. In the near-term, over the next, through 2015 we will spending over $1 billion primarily on air and primarily in Indiana and in the Carolinas. As you move beyond that towards the back-end of the 10 year period you will start to pick up some of the water and ash expenditures. It's difficult to predict exactly what level of CapEx will be given that the rules are not finalized at this particular point in time.
Lynn J. Good: It's that range of $5 billion to $6 billion Dan is what we are estimating based on a range of scenarios that could impact could result from those rules. So that's a good rule of thumb for you to think about.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay. And I guess just on there has been some good success with the wholesale contracts where do you guys seen as far as maybe picking up some more of that kind of business and is that going to have any barrier on how you guys lay out the 2015, 2016 new build decisions for incremental generation capacity.
Lynn J. Good: I think wholesale opportunities can exist from time to time Dan, they are opportunistic generally and we'll provide more specifics if we see clarity around those as we move forward.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Got it. Thank you guys.
Lynn J. Good: Thanks so much.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley
Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley: Good morning.
Lynn J. Good: Good morning.
Steven K. Young: Good morning
Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley: I just wanted to follow-up on the cash that's outside the U.S. As you look at read a point out actually outside of the U.S., can you just speak to the degree of opportunity you see there or do you see fairly limited opportunities there in the overall objective remains to try to continue to look for ways to bring as much of that cash back to U.S. as you can.
Lynn J. Good: Steve I think it's a balance, we have continue to look for generation development opportunities and have made a number of investments over the last three to four years consistent with generation in countries that we are consisted with our risk profile. So you may recall in 2012 made investments in Chile. So we do continue to look for opportunities to grow the business consistent with a 4% to 6% growth rate, but that business also produces a lot of cash and finding ways to optimally use the cash is a key objective.
Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley: Okay. So, it does sounds like perhaps on an overall basis, the cash flow is exceeding the opportunities sort of systematically as you look out.
Steven K. Young: Opportunities are a bit lumpy so it's hard to track it, to annual cash flows that grows.
Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley: Okay, understood, understood. Shifting gears over as you assess new nuclear options I know that's something you have been looking at any further updates as you think about new nuclear?
Lynn J. Good: Steve, we continue to look at the VC Summer plant which is under construction in South Carolina. We believe in regional nuclear, we certainly have a very supportive regulatory environment in South Carolina, but we have not made a final decision to move forward we continue to evaluate the opportunity and we'll provide update as our decision making progresses.
Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley: Okay, understood. So there is no specific timeline we should be thinking about for that?
Lynn J. Good: Not at this point.
Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Hugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC: Good morning, thank you.
Lynn J. Good: Good morning.
Steven K. Young:  Good morning.
Hugh Wynne – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC: You mentioned that you were going to bring back something on the order of 700 million in cash from your overseas operation to pay a maturing – debt maturity at the holding company, what are your plans for holding company debt over sort of a three year horizon, will that be reduced further in those years or do you think that we are basically in a steady state?
Lynn J. Good: Hugh we are not trying to deliver the company our credit ratings and financial profile are very strong and well positioned within our ratings category. We just have this opportunity to provide some flexibility to the balance sheet by taking advantage of this tax structure and then overtime as growth investments materialize we’ll reinvest in the holding company becomes an opportunity to fund those investments. At this point, we do not see a need for equity through 2015.
Steven K. Young: And the use of this $700 million to take care of these holdco maturities we’ll give some uplift here in terms of displacing interest.
Hugh Wynne – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC: One quick follow-on question. You had mentioned that you’re expecting longer term sales growth of 0.5% to 1% per year. Can you break that down roughly into what your longer term expectations are for customer growth and usage per customer?
Lynn J. Good: You know Hugh I don’t have underlying specifics on that. What I would say is in 2013 our customer count has grown almost 1% a bit stronger in the Southeast, but actually pretty strong in the Midwest as well. So, I think with housing markets improving with continued traction with the U.S. economy we believe that the Southeast and Florida in particular are well positioned for customer growth. But I don’t have any further break down for you on that guidance.
Hugh Wynne – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC: Is there a potential for meaningful volume sales growth on the wholesale side. You mentioned that as a potential driver of growth in the Carolina and Florida?
Lynn J. Good: I think it’s something that it’s opportunistic Hugh. So, we were able to sign up and extend the contracts back in 2010, 2012, we will continue to evaluate those opportunities but don’t have anything specific to share with you at this point.
Hugh Wynne – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC: Great, all right. Thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS Securities LLC: Hi, good morning.
Lynn J. Good: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS Securities LLC: So first perhaps following up a little bit on the last question. With regards to the summer site, is it more around the need and projected demand that holds you back from pulling the trigger or is it more around structuring a transaction and concerns around I suppose site specific issue. If you could just give us a sense and maybe going back to it with regards to Carolinas, do you have any sense initially as to what their reaction would be and the structure would be under which you would acquire any nuclear generation?
Lynn J. Good: So Julien, if you look at our integrated resource plans for both Duke Energy Carolinas and Duke Energy Progress, we do show a need that could be filled by nuclear in the back part of the decade. And I’m not going to comment specifically on negotiations it’s an important asset for the region. We’re continuing to evaluate it, but have not reached a point of terms that we’re ready to move forward at this point. As you know, the asset is strongly supported by South Carolina, if we were to acquire up to 10% somewhere around 70% of that investment would be dedicated to North Carolina. so it’ll be important to receive appropriate regulatory recovery in North Carolina as well.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS Securities LLC: Excellent. And then going back to Ohio quickly I mean if you could just give us an update on your thoughts around timing for potential revaluation of that business, specifically the generation side of that business. And secondly, what are the switching trends you’ve seen particularly a very late if you will?
Lynn J. Good: We are at this point waiting for the Ohio Commission order, Julien and are anticipating it by the end of the year. we don’t have any specifics on the exact timeframe between now and then. We are agnostic as to switching, because we are fully decoupled. The generation is fully merchant, all of the load it serves under auction for Duke Energy Ohio. So the switching is not relevant to us any longer.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS Securities LLC: Fair enough. And then lastly just with regards to Indiana, if you would, I know you provided some good detail on Edwardsport. But just from a regulatory perspective all those okay on that front, the regulators are kind of seeing this as appropriate just the gradual ramp up.
Lynn J. Good: We’re certainly keeping the regulator informed, Julien for the progress at Edwardsport. You may recall that the recovery of Edwardsport cost is in accordance with a tracker, under the terms of a tracker that we file twice a year, giving us an opportunity to fully update the Commission on our results or cost structure et cetera. So we are continuing to maintain those updates and providing the commission with the status of the project.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS Securities LLC: Got you. Excellent. Well, thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Brian Chin with Merrill Lynch.
Brian J. Chin – Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Lynn J. Good: Good morning, Brian.
Lynn J. Good:  Good morning.
Brian J. Chin – Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: On the improved O&M containment efforts, is there a way you can break down between whether most of those incremental savings are coming from the USFE&G segment or Commercial Power?
Lynn J. Good:  The majority of these savings, given the size of the segment were newer to the FE&G segment. Right now, we’re recognizing a lot of benefits in the corporate areas and those corporate areas get allocated to all segments including the international and commercial, but the lion’s share of that would newer to the FE&G segment. As you go forward, efforts such as nuclear generation, fossil generation, T&D those are more focused on the regulated businesses, because that’s primarily what progress was. So that’s what we’re integrating and finding benefits to. So the majority of merger integration will newer to the FE&G segment, logically there, but a lot of these corporate benefits will pass through to other segments as well.
Brian J. Chin – Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Understood, understood. And then going over to Slide 9, just to be clear, I know that you’re going to give more color on this in February, but for those data points that are the blue boxes Ohio cost-based capacity, energy margins in Midwest generation is the point that year-over-year, we should be thinking about 2013 to 2014, those are going to be relatively flat. And that’s why there is no down, to be fair on that?
Lynn J. Good: Brain, what I would say on Ohio cost-based capacity, because we don’t have an order yet it’s difficult for us to project implications to 2014. Energy margins will be dictated by commodity prices similarly the FX and the NMC. So those will be able to give you some specific guidance as these trends develop between now and February.
Lynn J. Good: So it’s more uncertainty at this point.
Brian J. Chin – Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Got it. Got it. And then lastly, you had said that your load growth long-term assumptions were generally still on the 0.5% to 1% range. Would you say that that’s probably appropriate for thinking about 2014?
Lynn J. Good: I think that’s a reasonable range, Brain, 0.5% to 1%, yes, to 2015, right.
Brian J. Chin – Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Great, thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Few things. First of all, thank you for taking my call. Second, Bob, I hope you don’t mind, I’m going to show up on your doorstep in the mountains of Western North Carolina, I look forward to going fashion one day. I want to ask, I want to make sure we understand two things. So the $6 billion number you referenced in the footnote on O&M, that’s kind of the starting point and then you’re basically assume you’ll be in or around that same level in 2014, but I think it talks about excluding recoverable items. Can you just kind of quantify how much those recoverable items are or is that kind of a GAAP expected O&M number?
Lynn J. Good: I can give you a flavor for them, Michael. The net of recoverables you might be looking at $5.5 billion and you’ve got some recoverables on Edwardsport, you’ve got some recoverables with Energy Efficiency, SmartGrid, we’ve got some rides like that, but the $5.5 billion is a number net of recoverable.
Michael J. Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co.: And the GAAP number – I’m sorry and I want to make sure I follow this. So that $5.5 billion is the expected 2014 number and then that’s after accounting for the recoverables or is that 2011 base to start from?
Steven K. Young: Well that’s both actually we’re starting from that base and even with inflation and emergent work in particularly in nuclear Fukushima and cyber security we think we’ll able to offset all of the data in 2014 be at a level of $5.5 billion.
Michael J. Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then the recoverables are about $500 million, so that’s how you get to the $6 billion number?
Steven K. Young: Roughly, that’s correct.
Michael J. Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. On the nuclear – on the nuclear levelization, can you just kind of walk us through how that flows to the income statement, meaning is that an offset to O&M, is that an offset to D&A, does it have an unusual impact in the third and fourth quarter of this year and first and second quarter of next year, but then kind of normalizes after that?
Steven K. Young: Yes. The way the accounting will work, it will be an offset in O&M costs. It will be in that line item. It will, with its initiation result in lower O&M in the fourth quarter of 2013 and that’s a big driver that we are pointing to the fourth quarter. We will see some benefits in 2014, as you continue to defer cost, but there will be less benefits in 2014 than they were in 2013. And then after 2014, the amortization of the deferrals will have caught up if you will to the actual expenses and there won’t be much difference there.
Michael J. Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. When did this go into effect and is there a way to just kind of quantify what we’re talking about the dollar millions impact on O&M?
Steven K. Young: We began this in the third quarter actually in terms of levelizing nuclear outage cost I believe for the most part and we’ve got four refueling outages, an outage will run roughly $20 million, $30 million per outage. We can give you more details on the specifics in terms of the cost incurred.
Michael J. Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
Lynn J. Good: Michael, for the full year nuclear levelization is about $0.10 to $0.12 and the majority of that will sit in the fourth quarter, because of the refueling Steve just spoke about.
Michael J. Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Meaning the full year impact in 2013 is $0.10 to $0.12, but if I would annualize, if I would use it on an annualized basis, it’s doubled that, because it only started in September?
Lynn J. Good:  No.
Steven K. Young: No, it’s – the full year impact about the $0.10 to $0.12, most of that will be in the fourth quarter and then when you look perspectively in 2014, you’ll have new outages being deferred, but you’ll have amortizations of previous outages catching up to it if you will. So the impact in 2014 will be a net reduction of O&M, but not as significant as what we saw in 2013.
Michael J. Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Okay, guys. Thank you much appreciated and I’ll see you at EEI.
Lynn J. Good: Yes. Thanks, Michael.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Kit Konolige with BGC.
Kit Konolige – BGC Partners LP: Good morning.
Lynn J. Good: Good morning, Kit.
Steven K. Young: Good morning.
Kit Konolige – BGC Partners LP: I don't know what your retirement says about my career, but we’ve been doing this together for a long time.
Steven K. Young: I’m quite...
Kit Konolige – BGC Partners LP: So just a couple of details to follow-up. A lot of my questions have been answered, but can you review, I guess this would be for Steve; can you review why the decision in the Ohio capacity case would have an impact on O&M in the fourth quarter, I’m just on earnings in the fourth quarter?
Steven K. Young: Well the decision on Ohio, it could have an impact if we get a decision in the calendar year, and it depends on what the decision is. We may have to book some effectively cost deferrals or revenues based on whatever the order says. So it could impact the 2013 earnings. It depends on what the order says and what calendar year do we get it in. So we’ve taken that into account and we’ve updated our guidance in the range we still think regardless of outcomes in Ohio we can be within our range.
Kit Konolige – BGC Partners LP: So you're anticipating that, that whatever the decision is it potentially could affect the adjusted earnings not just GAAP earnings?
Steven K. Young: It could, we have to look at what the order said in the so forth. But it could affect adjusted earnings. That’s correct.
Kit Konolige – BGC Partners LP: And then once – so once that’s received, I think in the past Lynn, you’ve said that order in the fourth quarter.
Lynn J. Good: Kit, I’m not going to comment strategic decision at this point until we see the order and understand the implications to the business. And so if we receive the order by the end of the year, we’ll have opportunity to evaluate that and understand next steps and we’ll share that with you when it’s appropriate.
Kit Konolige – BGC Partners LP: And how about on international is do you consider that a non-core business like DukeNet obviously it’s different in size, but does that – is that under review for possible different relationship with Duke Energy or do you consider that part of the business on a permanent basis?
Lynn J. Good: If you look at the international business as an important part of Duke contributes about 10% up to 15% of our earnings. It’s been a strong contributor to the company, certainly strong cash flow. Our strategic focus over the last 16 months has really been on the regulated business working through these regulatory proceedings, focus on merger integration, we’ll focus on Midwest generation over the next year or so, as we evaluate the impact of the cost-based capacity filing. And we’ll continue to look for opportunities to optimize the value of the international business, but we don’t have any specific strategic review that I would share with you at this point.
Kit Konolige – BGC Partners LP: Okay, thank you very much. See you all at EEI.
Lynn J. Good: Thank you.
Steven K. Young: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our last question from Ali Agha with SunTrust
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you. Good morning.
Lynn J. Good: Good morning.
Steven K. Young: Good morning.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Good morning, Lynn or Steve, just wondered to clarify a couple of quick things, one is, you’ve kept a pretty wide range for your 2013 guidance all of that will come up in the fourth quarter, is it fair to say that wide range is primarily driven by the Ohio capacity tooling that would be the same factor, is that a way to think about it?
Lynn J. Good: I think that’s the best way to think about it, Ali.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, okay. And then second, you shared with us based on your CapEx program, you’re looking at rate base growth, 2012 through 2015 on a 4% CAGR. When you look at these opportunities that you highlighted on that slide about beyond 2015, is 4% roughly still the CAGR we should think about beyond 2015 given the opportunities you are seeing out there?
Lynn J. Good: We haven’t given guidance beyond 2015, although there’ll certainly be a focus as we come to the street in February. Some of the items we have talked though could impact capital through 2015. For example, if we pursue the South field option in Florida et cetera. so we will also be refining CapEx through 2015 when we provide guidance early next year.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: I see. And last question just to be clear on your plans on Ohio. Regardless of whatever decision comes out from the commission, do you still see the merchant business as core to Duke, given as you mentioned a few times the low risk profile portfolio that you currently own, does it really fit in with your overall business outlook?
Lynn J. Good: Ali, that’s certainly a strategic question that we will need to answer as we move forward. Our focus at this point is on securing the order from the Ohio commission. We’re also focused on cost effective operation of those assets, we are engaged in the discussions with PJM on the structuring of the market. So far, the – our focus over this near-term is on those specific items.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Fair enough. thank you.
Lynn J. Good: All right. Thank you. Well, I’d like to thank all of you for questions and for your interest in Duke Energy. We look forward to talking with many of you next week at EEI Financial Conference in Orlando. Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bob Drennan - Vice President – Investor Relations Lynn Good - Vice Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer Alex Glenn - State President of Florida Lloyd Yates - Executive Vice President of Regulated Utilities
Analysts: Greg Gordon - ISI Group Stephen Byrd - MSSB Shar Pourreza - Citigroup Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein Kit Konolige - BGC Capital Kamal Patel - Wells Fargo
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Duke Energy second quarterly earnings call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Bob Drennan. Please go ahead, sir.
Bob Drennan: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Duke Energy's second quarter 2013 earnings review and business update. Leading our call this morning is Lynn Good, Duke Energy's President and Chief Executive Officer. Today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide two presents the Safe Harbor statement which accompanies our presentation materials. You should also refer to the information in our 2012 10-K and other SEC filings concerning factors that could cause future results to differ from this forward-looking information. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website at www.duke-energy.com and in today's materials. Please note that the appendix to today's presentation include supplemental information and additional disclosures to help you analyze the company's performance. Today, Lynn will provide an in-depth review of the second quarter results and also perspectives on our expectations for the rest of the year. She will also take your questions following her prepared remarks. This morning, we announced adjusted diluted earnings per share for the second quarter of $0.87, compared to $1.02 for the same quarter a year ago. Principal drivers of the lower quarter-over-quarter adjusted results were less favorable weather at our utilities compared to last year, reduced contributions from our Midwest coal and gas commercial operations and lower contribution from international operations, primarily due to an extended maintenance outage at a National Methanol investment. These drivers were partly offset on positive revenue contributions from recently approved rate cases in North Carolina and Ohio. Also this morning, we all are reaffirming Duke Energy's previously announced adjusted earnings guidance range for 2013 of $4.20 to $4.45 per share. Now, I would like to turn the call over the Lynn.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Bob, and good morning. I want to thank all of you for joining our call today. I am pleased to be joining you as the President and CEO of Duke Energy. As many of you know, Jim Rogers who has left one of his predecessor companies for nearly 25 years will remain Chairman through the end of this year. I am grateful to Jim for his encouragement and support over the years and I am deeply honored by the confidence the board has placed in me. As well, I want to thank you for your support in the past and for the messages that I have received since this announcement. Also, yesterday, I announced Steve Young, Duke Energy's new Chief Financial Officer. Steve has recently served as the company's Controller and Chief Accounting Officer and previously served as the CFO of Duke Power. In his previous roles, Steve has worked closely with the utility commissions in North Carolina and South Carolina as well as the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. He has deep understanding of our company and industry and will maintain a sharp focus on our financial objectives. Steve complements our special, deep and talented leadership team and I look forward to introducing Steve to many of you over the coming months. Now, let me turn to our discussion of the quarter's results, expectations for the remainder of 2013 and our near-term strategic priorities. July 2nd marks the one year anniversary of closing the Duke Progress merger. Thanks to the diligence and hard work of our employees and leadership teams, we have accomplished a great deal over the past 12 months. Slide 4 outlines our near-term priorities and our progress towards resolving them. Let me provide a brief update on these priorities. First, we continue to make progress on our regulatory calendar in 2013. I am very pleased with the constructive orders we have received in the Duke Energy Progress in Ohio [Electric]. Additionally, we have reached a balanced settlement with the interveners and the Duke Energy Carolinas and Ohio gas cases and await commission decisions in the third quarter. I will discuss these rate cases in more detail in a moment. Turning to Edwardsport. In early June, we placed the IGCC plant into service. This is a major milestone for the company and for our Indiana customers. Over the next several months, our focus remains on plant performance, including ongoing performance testing, completing GE's new product introduction testing protocol and resolving remaining bunch list items from disruption. As with many of these plans, we expect to encounter issues in the early phase of operation. Our approach is to identify causes and revolve issues as they occur. To-date, we have not identified any issue that will impact the long-term performance of the plant. Next, Crystal River. Last week we announced a comprehensive settlement with parties in Florida including the Office of Public Counsel. This settlement provides long-term clarity for Florida customers, the company and other key stakeholders. As I will discuss in a moment, the settlement addresses the pending Crystal River 3 regulatory proceeding, the proposed Levy nuclear project, the Crystal River 1 & 2 coal units and future generation needs in Florida. Merger integration also remains a key priority. Significant work continues to integrate financial, work management and human resource systems. We are on track to achieve our targeted non-fuel O&M savings of between 5% to 7% in 2014. We also continue to deliver customer savings through fuel savings, joint-dispatch commitment. Over the last 12 months, we have exceeded our original forecast by achieving cumulative savings of approximately $120 million. We expect to continue this progress into 2014 and beyond. Finally, let me update you on our nuclear fleet performance improvement effort. Both the Oconee and Catawba sites in the Carolinas is operating at record capacity factors for the first six months of the year. Additionally, our focus on the single unit Robinson nuclear station has resulted in improved performance in several key performance indicators, including capacity factors and the INPO Index, an independent view of our overall performance. Over the remainder of 2013, we have four planned nuclear refueling outages and are performing the necessary preparation work to ensure their successful application. As we discussed with you in February, we will continue to focus on achieving top world class performance across the entire nuclear fleet. We are pleased with the improvements we are seeing and our focus remains on maintaining a standard of excellence throughout the nuclear fleet. Slide five reaffirms our principal financial objectives, achieving growth in earnings per share and the dividends, while also maintaining the strength of the balance sheet. These objectives have remained consistent overtime and will continue as a centerpiece of our investment value proposition. We are reaffirming our previously announced earnings guidance range for 2013 of $4.20 to $4.45 per share. Our results for the year will largely depend on the following. Resolution of our pending rate cases and outcome of Ohio and cost based capacity request, our cost control efforts including merger integration and our third quarter results, historically our most significant quarter of the year. We continue to target a long-term growth rate of 4% to 6% and adjusted diluted earnings per share through 2015. We remain focused on growing the dividend on an annual basis and continue to target a dividend payout ratio of 55% to 70% based on adjusted diluted earnings per share. Consistent with this objective, in June, our board announced an approximate 2% increase in the quarterly dividend payable in September. Additionally, we remain focused on the strength of the balance sheet supported by our liquidity and credit metrics. In fact, the credit rating agencies recently acknowledged the significant progress we have made in resolving our near-term priorities. Moody's placed Duke on review for possible upgrade and Standard & Poor's revised its credit outlook on the company from negative to stable. Our financial plans do not call for any new equity issuances through the end of 2015. Next, I will provide a more detail look at our financial performance for the quarter. As we discussed during our first quarter earnings call, we expected relatively weaker results in the first half of 2013 compared to 2012 as a result of the issuance of incremental shares in connection with the merger, lower PJM capacity prices, progress from company interest expenses and unfavorable foreign exchange rates and results in Brazil. Consistent with these expectations and impacted further by milder weather on the second quarter and an extended outage at National Methanol, our second quarter adjusted results were $0.15 lower than the prior year quarter. The quarterly drivers are outlined on slide six. Our GAAP reported earnings per share for the quarter were $0.48 as compared to the prior year's quarter results of $0.99. These reported results for the quarter includes special items such as the Crystal River 3 impairment, the cost to achieve merger savings and others. The special items are outlined in the reconciliation table in today's press release material. Let me begin now the business segment overview of our second quarter adjusted earnings results. Our regulated U.S. Franchised Electric & Gas segment recognized quarterly adjusted segment earnings for the quarter that was $0.36 per share higher than the prior year quarter. This increase was primarily due to the addition of the formal progress energy utility operations These results were partially offset by milder weather. In the second quarter of 2012, we experienced above normal weather and we are seeing below normal weather during this year's quarter. In fact, a significant amount of rainfall during the quarter contributed to below normal cooling degree days in Carolinas. In North Carolinas, we experienced the second highest level of rainfall from April to June than we had during the last 100 years. This mild summer weather has continued into July. High temperatures in Charlotte reached above 90 degrees only today during the month of July. Let's now turn to International, which had segment earnings $0.03 per share lower than the prior year quarter. International's results were impacted by lower volumes at our National Methanol investment, primarily due to an extended planned maintenance outage. Although, reservoir in Brazil continue to remain slightly below historical levels, results during the quarter were consistent with our expectation. We continue to monitor development in Brazil. Turning to our non-regulated commercial power segment, adjusted segment income was $0.05 per share lower than the prior year's quarter, in line with our expectations. These results are attributed to lower PJM capacity revenues and lower generation volumes for our Midwest generation fleet and the prior year recovery of the Lehman Brothers receivable that have been previously written off. In other, we incurred additional interest expense associated with the Progress Energy Holding Company debt and higher debt levels at Duke Energy Holding company. Turning to slide 7, let me spend a few minutes discussing our progress toward achieving our 2013 earnings guidance range. As I previously highlighted, we remain on track to achieve between $4.20 and $4.45 per share of adjusted earnings for the full year. As demonstrated on this slide, we expect the second half of the year to be relatively stronger than the first half primarily as a result of three items. First, constructive rate case outcomes, including nuclear outage levelization, which I will discuss further in a moment, second, additional merger synergy. Third, increased contributions from our regulated wholesale operations. The impact of the Duke Energy Carolinas rate case, the Ohio cost base capacity case and the deferral of nuclear outage cost will be most significant in the fourth quarter. The recent rate case order for Duke Energy Progress and pending settlements for Duke Energy Carolinas in both North and South Carolina, provide for accounting recognition of nuclear outage expenses over the refueling cycle for example, 18 or 24 months rather than when the outage occurred. This deferral of nuclear outage cost, known as nuclear outage levelization, is expected to add between $0.07 and $0.09 per share to our results for the remainder of the year, up to approximately $0.04 for Duke Energy Progress and $0.05 for Duke Energy Carolinas. Approvals of the Duke Energy Carolinas cases are still pending. The appendix materials in today's presentation contained an overview of how nuclear outage levelization works. For the year, we expect Franchised Electric and Gas to exceed its target while international is expected to fall slightly short for this annual target. Commercial Power's results will largely depend on the outcome of the cost base capacity filing pending in Ohio, which we expect in the fourth quarter. We will provide additional update to our annual guidance range after we complete the third quarter which is historically our most significant one. Slide eight contains our quarterly volume trends by customer class in total based on calculations that include weather impact. For the second quarter, our overall weather normal volumes were around 0.4% higher than the prior year period driven primarily by growth in the commercial and industrial sectors. On the year-to-date basis, weather normal volumes were also around 24% higher excluding the impact of the 2012 leap year. In the industrial class quarterly weather normalized volumes were 1.2% higher. We continue to experience strength in automotive in the Carolinas and Midwest. Lower activity in the primary and fabricated metal sectors in the Midwest reflects a softening of global demand. On the positive side, the continued housing market recovery has also supported related industrial activity through our service territories. Weather-normalized volumes for our commercial customers were approximately 0.5% higher than the prior year quarter, continuing the recent trend of modest growth. Finally, residential volumes were 0.4% lower for the quarter. We continue to experience growth in the average number of residential customers as they have increased by 49,000 or 0.8% since the prior year quarter. However, usage per customer continues to trend slightly lower due to the challenging economy and increased energy efficiency penetration. In particular, we continue to see weakness in Florida due to the number of low usage customers and higher vacancy rates. Consistent with our outflows during the first quarter earnings call, we remain cautious on the overall economic recovery. We expect fairly stable economic outlook and activity in the back half of the year as household income growth is projected to remain flat. As a result, weather-normalized growth for the full year 2013 is expected to be slightly below our previous assumption of around 0.5% growth. Next I would like to briefly address the revised settlement agreement we have reached with intermitting parties in Florida as outlined on slide nine. This revised settlement agreement addresses issues related with Crystal River 3 that are pending before the Florida Commission including our acceptance of the mediator's proposal, related to the NEIL insurance coverage. It also addresses the termination of the engineering, procurement and construction agreement, or EPC, and related cost recovery of the Levy nuclear project, recovery of cost related to the potential retirement of the Crystal River 1 & 2 coal units and a regulatory framework for the addition of new generation. As you know, resolving issues related to Crystal River 3 has been a priority since the closing of the merger. This agreement is an important step and provides the balance between moderating rate impact to our customers, providing clarity on cost recovery and providing a framework for any future capacity needs. Let me highlight some of the key conditions of the agreement. First, Crystal River. The settlement clarifies cost recovery of cash adjustment to the Crystal River 3 site. Excluding the extended power upgrade investment and the future dry ash storage facility which are separately recoverable. We have agreed a cash recoverability of remaining cost related to the site at $1.466 billion. Cost under the cap are recoverable in base rates over a 20-year period beginning no later than 2017. Note that our current cost estimates are within the cost cap. We have also agreed to accelerate the cash recovery of around $135 million from retail customers between 2014 and 2015. And in order to mitigate the impact of Crystal River 3 investments to retail customers, we have reduced the carrying investment to be recovered by $295 million Next let me discuss the Levy nuclear project. In 2008, we announced plans to construct two new Westinghouse AP1000 nuclear units in Levy County. Florida. Our EPC for Levy was based on the ability to obtain the combined construction and operating license or COL from the NRC by January 1, 2014. As a result of delays by the NRC in issuing COL for new nuclear plants, as well as increased uncertainty in cost recovery caused by recent legislative changes in Florida, we are terminating Levy EPC contract. Despite this decision, we continue to regard the Levy site as a valuable option for future nuclear generation and will continue to pursue the COL. We now expect to receive the COL in late 2014 or early 2015. We will continue to recover the Levy investments including the contract termination cost through the nuclear cost recovery clause. We can seek recovery of additional cost to obtain the COL in future proceedings upon the (inaudible) date of any new nuclear units. Next I will discuss Crystal River 1 & 2. Approximately 875 megawatts of unscrubbed coal generation in Florida. These units have been evaluated for retirement due to compliance with the MATS and other environment regulations. In the event, we are required to retire these units early, this settlement permits us to continue recovery at normal annual deprecation expense through the end of 2020 and recover any remaining net book value in 2021. To continue to meet the future energy needs of our customers in Florida, the agreement also gets us the ability to construct, acquire or operate up to 1,150 megawatts of capacity prior to the end of 2017, and place the investment in rates without a general rate case. We have an outstanding solicitation to address short-term capacity needs. We will evaluate these proposals along with the construction of peaking units, operate, and potential capacity acquisitions. Our capital plan will be updated to address these requirements as decisions are made. We also project the need for additional generating capacity in Florida during 2018. We expect to issue an RFP for this capacity this year, which will include a self build option. If the self-build option is the most cost effective alternative and it's the commission grants us the determination of need for this generation. We will be able to establish a generation in base rate adjustment for up to 1,800 megawatts of new combined cycle gas-fired generation. Prudent costs associated with these new generation investments will be recovered in customer rates without a general rate case upon in-service date, based upon the 10.5% ROE. Finally, we will agree to stay out of the general rate case proceeding until the end of 2018, an additional two-year period to our current four-year base rate increase. However, Duke Energy Florida's return on equity falls below 9.5% during this period, we will be allowed to seek base rate relief. Overall this settlement has minimal adjusted earnings and cash flow impact. In the second quarter, we have recognized the $295 million free cash write off at the Crystal River 3 investment balance as well as the $55 million pretax write off related to the wholesale allocation of [investment]. These write offs are special items and therefore have been excluded from our adjusted diluted earnings per share of the quarter. This settlement is a balanced agreement, providing longer-term clarity to both, our Florida customers and the company. The agreement is still subject to the review of approval by the Florida Commission, which we expect by the end of the year. Before I move to our pending regulatory calendar, I want to highlight we are continuing negotiations with certain of our joint owners of the Crystal River 3 site, to resolve any remaining issues they have related to the initial outage and our decision to require the unit. As you will recall, these joint owners hold an approximate 8% interest in the deferred unit. We will provide updates as these negotiations progress. Next, let me move onto our regulatory calendar on slide 10. 2013 is an important year with a number of regulatory proceedings position the company for the future. We operated constructive regulatory jurisdictions and have five approved or pending settlements with annual revenue increases of around $600 million. First, we have resolved the Duke Energy's Progress case in North Carolina with revised rate that became effective in June. We also have constructive and balanced settlement agreements pending commission approval for Duke Energy Carolina in both, North and South Carolina. These rate increases will likely go into effect next month. All of these cases are based upon 10.2% ROE and a 53% equity component of the capital structure. They each contain rate mitigation mechanism, which minimize the initial impact of increased rates to our customers. Additionally, we have a final order from the Ohio Commission on our Electric T&D case and awaited decision on our gas T&D request. Finally, we anticipate an order from the Ohio Commission on our cost base capacity request in the fourth quarter of this year. Clearly, on this filing will help us form our long-term strategic plans for the Midwest generation fleet. Other than a potential filing by Duke Energy Progress in South Carolina later this year, we do not forecast any further additional rate cases in the next two years. This will result in less regulatory risk to the company as well as more rate certainty for our customers. These conservative regulatory outcome position the company for the future, establishing and rate recovery of over $9 billion of modernization investments. As we look ahead, we will continue to harvest merger synergies, drive additional cost out of our business through continuous improvement efforts, grow our wholesale business and deploy capital in our jurisdictions, including new generation in Florida and the Carolinas. Our commercial businesses will also compliment our growth. With our focus on resolution on near-term priorities, a constructive regulatory outcome, we have positioned Duke for low-risk, primarily regulated growth through 2015. We will provide details around our 2014 financial guidance and strategic priorities early next year. Before closing, let me provide some perspective on my transition and current focus. I had the opportunity over the last months to meet with employees and key stakeholders and I am very encouraged by the conversation. Our work matters to the customers and communities that we serve and our employees are passionate and proud of what they do. We have built a lot of momentum over the last year, resolving our near-term priorities and integrating two great companies. My focus is in three areas. Continuing to deliver on our commitment, strengthening our relationship with all of our stakeholders and positioning the company for long-term success. Let me briefly discuss each one. You can expect us to continue delivering on our commitments. We will build on our track record of delivering safe reliable service to our customers, operating our assets with affluence and meeting our financial objectives. Achieving our merger synergies and ongoing cost discipline will be an important part of this mission. Effective capital deployment for the benefit of our customers and constructive regulatory outcomes will also play a key role. We will also focus on strengthening stakeholder relationships. We play an important role in the success of our customers and communities and a strong constructive relationship with our customers, regulators and community leaders is based on trust, respect and transparency. Their success is vital to our success. Finally, the Duke Energy leadership team will focus on positioning the company for long-term success. The electric industry is changing. Lot of growth, new technologies, new regulations and ongoing cost pressures are just some of the forces that require new thinking and action. As we position the company in the industry for the future, we must innovate every part of the business to address these challenges for the long-term benefit of our customers and our stakeholders. This includes the innovation and technology deployment, continuous improvements and regulatory mechanism. We must also engage in leading public policy discussions that will impact our customers and our business. The scale and portfolio of businesses we have position us well to successfully navigate the weather ahead. In closing, I want to thank Jim and the board for building a strong company with talented leaders, dedicated employees and a performance based culture. We have met many important milestones over the course of the year and are focused on finishing the year strong, achieving our objectives and setting the stage for success in 2014 and beyond. Throughout the remainder of the year, I will update you on our progress and at this point I would like to open the phone lines for your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will take our first question from Greg Gordon from ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: Thanks, good morning.
Lynn Good: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: And congratulations.
Lynn Good: Thank you.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: I just want to go over the general guidance you have given for the balance of the year. Maybe review it. You said, you are still on track to meet your overall guidance expectation with the regulated utilities being better than forecast, international being slightly below and generation being uncertain, depending on the outcome of Ohio. Is that a fair recap?
Lynn Good: No. I think the success of commercial, Greg, will depend on whether Ohio comes out but we also have the third quarter in front us for commercial and just seasonally, you can expect more earnings from the base operations in the third quarter.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: Okay, but a big piece of the change in the utility, I am looking in the appendix which you referenced during your comments, page 22, is potential second half impact of the change in accounting for nuclear outage levelization. But it looks like one of the outage has already happened. So I presume that if that decision goes in your favor that that impact the retroactive?
Lynn Good: So, Greg, if I could refer you to slide 7, I think you have got a comprehensive list of drivers to the second quarter. Let me just talk for a moment about nuclear outage levelization. For the Duke Energy Carolinas plant that accounting method will be adopted prospectively, so you will see the benefits in the fourth quarter of the outages in the Duke Carolinas fleet. The Duke Progress adoption of levelization was retroactive to January, so you see a couple of cents in Progress' results in the fourth quarter on levelization and you will see another $0.04 in the back half of the year for the Progress piece of levelization.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: Perfect. That's exactly what I needed. Then prospectively if you think about our forecasting that means that there will be much less volatility in underlying O&M such that it actually will be sort of less of all things equal, less of a benefit in years where you have fewer outages?
Lynn Good: Less of a detriment in the years that we have one.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: Correct. Great.
Lynn Good: So I think that stabilization is helpful. So yes, that's right. You got it.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: But it won't change the cash flow, obviously the ongoing cash expense profile of the company in years where you have outages you will be booking those cash expenses?
Lynn Good: That's right. The next rate case. We think that beyond 2015, rates will be set in the future based on levelized outage, so you will see cash impact at that point.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: Got you. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will take our next question from Stephen Byrd from MSSB.
Stephen Byrd - MSSB: Good morning and congratulations. I just wanted to talk broadly, Lynn, you mentioned the third of the strategic priorities positioning the company for long-term success and the International business we have seen volatility in the performance of the business over time and as you think about the long-term vision for the company, how might we think about that volatility in the long-term? Ways to address that? To reduce that to be more in line with the U.S. core utility business?
Lynn Good: Steve, I think that's a good question. There is natural volatility in international around foreign exchange rates and to some extent the National Methanol entity is impacted by oil prices or other commodity influences. That volatility as you know has been in our favor in recent years as the U.S. dollar has weakened, now the U.S. dollar is strengthening. It's going the other direction. We continue to look at ways to position the International business and address that volatility. I don't have any specific plan that I can share with you at this point, but positioning international to complement the growth of the company is the priority.
Stephen Byrd - MSSB: Understood. And, just on the overall O&M position of the company. You are obviously making great progress in looking at your cost structure. Should we be thinking about sort of continual review of that or, as you look out at the cost structure of the company, do you see further opportunities that are as yet untapped or areas that you would want to focus more on down the road, or is it more likely to be relatively stable from here?
Lynn Good: Steve, I think, so staying on cost structure has become a way of life and we will continue to be such. You think about the merger integration plans that we developed, a lot of that work was in 2010 and early 2011. The business is continuing to change and we continue to look for ways to deploy continuous improvement, looks for ways to optimize labor and contract labor to continue to drive cost savings. I think you are hearing that throughout the industry as we grapple with a [loan] growth environment and we are very keenly focused on improving our cost structure.
Operator: We will take our next question from Shar Pourreza from Citigroup.
Shar Pourreza - Citigroup: Good morning, everyone.
Lynn Good: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza - Citigroup: Just on Ohio, assuming you don't get the Ohio capacity to cost base approach that you are seeking, how soon could we see more defined plan on strategic options with the Ohio, the Midwest assets?
Lynn Good: Shar, we are expecting an order probably late September or October. It could slip into November. We don't have a specific procedural schedule. We will take our time to analyze that order, understand what it says about the plants, understand what it says about the position the Commission is taking and then we will analyze and make a decision as it makes sense to do so. So I would say, I can't say it would be by the end of the year, necessarily, but I would think by the end of the first quarter of next year, we would have finalized our thinking.
Shar Pourreza - Citigroup: Okay, got it. Very helpful. Then if you, looking at the second half this year, how much would the capacity case impact your 2H outlook, especially if you don't get an order until potentially late or mid fourth quarter?
Lynn Good: I think that will depend on what the order says. So you may recall, when we filed the request, we actually asked for retroactive treatment back to August of 2012. So I think we are going to have to see how the Commission has referenced that and at what point the recovery is going at. So what I would point to is our plans for commercial is roughly $90 million of net income. We have delivered roughly $3 million through the second half. So that gives you a range of what the second half could include from a balanced target.
Shar Pourreza - Citigroup: Alright, got it. Then just lastly, shifting to Florida, as far as the potential new addition of gas assets in 2017 and 2018, when could we start seeing builds occur, assuming you decide and you win the RFP process for 2017 power?
Lynn Good: Let me ask Alex Glenn, who is the president of Florida, to jump in and give us an update on that.
Alex Gunn: Sure, Shar. On the 2018 combined cycle, our timing on that would be to go out for RFP this year and file an E case next year. So that we would get, if we select the self build option approval from the commission, and then that would be an in-service date before the summer peak of 2018. That's on the larger combined cycle on the 2014 to 2017 time frame timeframe. We are really looking at capacity needs in the '16 to '18 timeframe. So we could be looking at new capacity, whether it's purchase, build or acquiring existing facilities in that '14, '15, '16 timeframe.
Operator: Moving on, we will take our next question from Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Could you give us a sense of gone to ROEs that the utilities, either I guess trailing or in your forecast, for this year?
Lynn Good: That's a good question. See, we have so many pending regulatories pertaining to rate case asset, that's an interesting time. Why don't we take that offline because I think what we want to do is to reflect the benefit of the rate cases over the partial year and probably give you a sense of what '13 could look like. We do file surveillance reports in North and South Carolina but both of those calculations have some unique characteristics to them that I don't think is really indicative of what we are earning. So I will ask Bill and Bob to follow-up with you on that.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Okay, great, and just to clarify your comment on rate cases, so after this round of cases is complete, you don't have any intention to file, did you say next year or for the next few years?
Lynn Good: Next few years. The one case we are evaluating is Duke Energy Progress in South Carolina and that would be the only one.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Okay, and I think I have one more. Just where are you on any potential interest in the summer plant?
Lynn Good: We are continuing to look at that, Steve. We have been in negotiations for sometime with Santee Cooper. As we have said before, we believe that regional nuclear, we think that we still believe diversification. We think that's going to be important to the company, long-term but we have not yet reached an agreement and don't have any further update at this point.
Operator: Moving on, we will take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Hi, good morning. Perhaps just a follow-up on Steve's question, what are the various considerations for timing on a South Carolina case as it goes?
Lynn Good: Lloyd Yates is with me. I will ask Lloyd to step in on timing.
Lloyd Yates: In terms of timing, we are looking at filing. If we file that case, we are looking at filing a case sometime late fourth quarter of this year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Any considerations as far as whether or not you would? Anything need to happen or not happen, shall we say?
Lynn Good: Julien, we analyze rate cases based on the returns that we are earnings based on what we see in terms of cost structure O&M, and also maintenance position and so Duke Energy Progress has the same capital as the North Carolina jurisdiction. So, it's Sutton and me and [complex] and so we are looking very closely at it. Just we have not made a final decision and therefore haven't notified the case and all the things that would go with that.
Lloyd Yates: In terms of numbers, if you think about Duke Energy Progress South Carolina is about 20% being higher utility, Duke Energy North Carolina was 80%, Duke Energy South Carolina would be about 20% of utility, so think about it that way in terms of ours.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Great. Excellent. Then turning back to Ohio, if you will quickly? Some of your peers have talked about driving cost out of that business specifically given the transition to restructured markets. Any comments there? I mean, any kind of revaluation as you think about that business' future?
Lynn Good: Julien, we have been focused on cost in the Midwest fleet really dating back to 2010 and that teams have been very aggressive in driving cost out. I think as you know where capacity prices are in this year in particular, you are not going to solve the economics by driving costs out in 2013, but we do have a very keen focus on running as efficiently as we can.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Very fair, and then perhaps lastly as it relates to Florida, if you could just walk through quickly, the interim capacity needs prior to 2018. Is it more likely to think of that as sort of a temporary need more than a permanent self-builds opportunity? I mean, how do you think about that just given this being more of a transitionary opportunity?
Lynn Good: I will ask Alex to step in, Julien.
Alex Glenn: Yes, Julien. We look at it more of a permanent need. I mean, we are retiring roughly 1,700, 1,800 megawatts of capacity in the 2016 to 2018 timeframe. We have got real needs to fill capacity in 2016, 2017, 2018. That doesn't go away over the long-term, so we are looking at the 2016, 2017, 2018 as needs for additional generation whether it would be purchase power or peaking units or possibly upgrading some plants and then maybe possible acquisitions out there, plants that are existing in the market, so that's both, the short and the longer term need.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Great. So, in total, you are really looking at 3 gigs in aggregate of permanent needs, if you will, roughly?
Alex Glenn: Up to. I would say up to that.
Operator: Moving now to your next question from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Guys, just first of all, Lynn and Steve, congratulations. Congratulations to both of you, especially Steve with your announcement this week. I want to focus a little bit on cash flow. I would love if you could just talk about things like significant items like pension contribution needs over the next year or so. How the potential change in cash that's outside of the U.S., how the change in that tax law could potentially impact Duke, whether you could bring back more cash from Latin America. as well as bonus depreciation?
Lynn Good: Sure. I will take pension first, Michael. We are forecasting a $350 million contribution in 2013 which is comparable with what we did in 2012, and that will be a combination of the Duke Energy Progress plants as well as the plant. On the international front, we have got about $1.5 billion overseas. We have talked a little bit in the past about two things, one being a structured transaction that we could pursue to bring some cash home. That's still under evaluation. Then the second option would be flat out just repatriation. We could do it with or without a tax holiday, but you have got basically $1.5 billion offshore. Bonus depreciation, the bonus depreciation in 2013 is about $1.2 billion. We are in an NOL position. So the cash associated with that bonus is really going to be realized out in the 2015, 2016 timeframe.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Meaning, you are not expecting to be a significant cash tax payor in '13 or '14 as well?
Lynn Good: That's correct.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it. One other question. When you closed the Progress Energy merger, there was a significant amount, almost $4 billion, of holding company debt at the Progress Energy level, at interest rates that are little bit above current first mortgage bond or senior secured debt. What are your plans for the Progress Energy holding company level debt and does that present a refinancing opportunity for you that can be a positive tailwind for earnings?
Lynn Good: We have done a little bit of that, Michael. I believe we took the quick instrument out earlier this year and continue to work at the economics of refinancing to see if that makes sense but I would not say that's a huge driver.
Operator: Moving on, we will take our next question from Hugh Wynne from Sanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Good morning, my questions have to do with a couple of the items that are excluded from adjusted earnings. The nuclear development charge of $87 million. I take it that's related to the cancellation of the EPC contract at Levy?
Lynn Good: That's primarily Levy and also Harris. You may recall that we suspended most operating (inaudible) on the Harris plant and took a charge of wholesale allocation to the cost as well, Hugh.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, but the Florida nuke costs, those are recoverable under the nuclear clause in that state. Is that right?
Lynn Good: Let me pause just for a moment. So that's the wholesale allocation of Levy and under the wholesale terms of that contract, Hugh, we do not have an ability to recover them and as a result impair a bit of the cost. You may recall that these were identified back into 2012 settlement in Florida as being amortizable in the same way as COR but in connection with the 2013 settlement that provision of the 2012 settlement was set aside and we made a decision to take the impairment at that point.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Okay, and then, the litigation reserve of $50 million. I believe that's something actually with Crescent. I don't know if you could perhaps give us some background there?
Lynn Good: It is, Hugh. We have a made a settlement offer to certain creditors that are involved in the Crescent bankruptcy litigation, really dating back to the Crescent transaction in 2007. The terms of the offer are confidential. The litigation is ongoing. At this point, I can't comment any further on that litigation. We of course, continue to believe that the claims are without merit but we are working through this litigation.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Great, and then finally if I could, could you just brief us on the post commissioning outages at Edwardsport and what, if anything, they pertain for the plant's capacity factor over the next year or year and half?
Lynn Good: We have made good progress on Edwardsport, Hugh. The focus over the post and service period over the first few months is really consistent with early operations of a new power plant. We have been focused on system testing. We have been focused on tuning. So all of the major technology systems, the power block, the gasifier have been tested. The plant is running on both gasifiers as we speak. As we have identified issues, we have dispatched the team to do a root cause analysis and have resolved them. At this point, we do not see anything that has developed over a long-term nature. You can expect us to continue to address issues as they arise over the next several months as we really get plant to the point of full capacity and potential.
Operator: Moving on, we will take our next question from Kit Konolige from BGC Capital.
Kit Konolige - BGC Capital: Thanks. I will add my congratulations to Lynn and Steve. A couple of questions, Lynn, I believe you spoke about sales growth being slightly disappointing compared with your expectations?
Lynn Good: You know what I would say is we are 0.4% against an aspiration of 0.5%. We have seen good growth in industrial in certain segments, but weakness in others like I pointed to primary metals, probably the most weakness that concerns us a little bit about the back half is really in Florida, where we have continued to see static low usage customers and not really the rebound that we had hoped as we were forecasting the 0.5% and that's probably the area I would point to that gives us lack of complete confidence on a 0.5% growth rate. So, we will continue to update this in the third quarter and fourth quarter, but we just remain cautious about the outlook.
Kit Konolige - BGC Capital: Is there anything that you see developing on the sales growth that would have implications for your 4% to 6% EPS growth over the next couple of years?
Lynn Good: No. I think we have been very conservative with our growth assumptions, so, we are looking at kind of a 1% type range and we are adding customers at roughly that percentage right now, so I don't see a significant risk to the growth rate given the way we forecasted this volume.
Kit Konolige - BGC Capital: And one other area, if I could you mentioned in positioning for long-term success one of your goals is to advocate for new regulatory mechanisms. Anything in particular you have in mind there?
Lynn Good: I guess I would point back to something that we successfully partnered with other utilities in Indiana. The Senate Bill 560 that gives us an opportunity to modernize the grid. For example, under a multiyear plan to bring those costs into rates in a way that is more smoother for customers and more consistent with the deployment of capital. That would be anything if we could achieve things like that in our jurisdictions.
Operator: Moving on, we will take our next question from Kamal Patel from Wells Fargo.
Kamal Patel - Wells Fargo: Good morning. I had two quick questions roughly. With regard to Indiana, and the Edwardsport startup issues, is there any cost sharing requirement with repairs or will you be passing those costs to them? How does that work?
Lynn Good: We are operating under cap in Indiana and the costs that we have incurred are under the cap, so we do not have positive risk in Indiana at this point.
Kamal Patel - Wells Fargo: Okay. Then is probably better answered offline, but the Florida settlement, I just wanted to get an idea of the various remaining balances that there might be for recovery related to Crystal River 3 and Levy, or is everything basically getting flushed out as part of the settlement?
Lynn Good: After recognition of $295 million impairment, the remaining investment in Crystal River should be recoverable under the various provisions, so it would be about roughly $1.2 billion at the end of June on the Crystal River plant. Approximately $300 million on the upgrade environment. Then the Levy investment is probably around $250 million.
Alex Glenn: This is Alex. Right now it's around $200 million. That has not been collected.
Lynn Good: That again would fall under cost recovery
Alex Glenn: Provisions of the settlement in the statute.
Kamal Patel - Wells Fargo: Okay. All right. That's it for me. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our final question from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Hey, guys. (Inaudible).
Lynn Good: Okay. Thanks, Michael. Okay. Well, thank you all for participating, for your questions. We are looking forward to visiting with many of you in the fall conference season. And, as always, the IR team is available if there are follow-up questions, so thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. That will conclude today's conference. We thank you for participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bill Currens - Director, Investor Relations Jim Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Lynn Good - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dhiaa Jamil - President, Duke Energy Nuclear 
Analysts: Greg Gordon - ISI Group Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein Julian Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Andy Bischof - Morningstar Ali Agha - SunTrust
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Duke Energy first quarter earnings call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Bill Currens. Please go ahead, sir.
Bill Currens: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Duke Energy’s first quarter 2013 earnings review. Leading our discussion today are Jim Rogers, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Lynn Good, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today’s discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide 2 presents the Safe Harbor statement, which accompanies our presentation materials. You should also refer to the information on our 2012 10-K and other SEC filings concerning factors that could cause future results to differ from this forward-looking information.  A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website at www.duke-energy.com and in today’s materials. Please note that the appendix to today’s presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures to help you analyze Duke Energy’s performance. In addition to our normal disclosures, we have included additional information on our regulated wholesale business as well as updated estimated earnings base figures by jurisdiction through 2015.  In today’s call as Jim and Lynn will review our first quarter highlights and briefly update you on our near term priorities, including our recent regulatory activities. Additionally, we will discuss trends in our customer usage patterns as well as the economic conditions in each of our service territories. Finally, we will review our quarterly earnings consideration for 2013 as well as our overall financial objectives. After their prepared comments, Jim and Lynn will take your questions.  Now let me turn it over to Jim.
Jim Rogers: Thanks, Bill. It is good to have you all on the call today. We are now 10 months into the merger with Progress Energy, and I am very pleased with how we are executing our plans. Our first quarter performance built on our momentum in 2012. For the first quarter, we announced adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.02, compared with $1.13 for the same quarter a year ago. Even though below last year, our quarterly earnings are on plan. As a result, we are on track to achieve, and today are affirming out 2013 earnings guidance range of $4.20 to $4.45. Lynn will provide more details on the first quarter earnings drivers for each of our segments. Also, she will provide our perspective on the quarterly variability in earnings this year.  During the quarter, our operational performance was strong, as highlighted by our nuclear fleet. Slide five should be familiar to you. We’ve used it since last summer to show our near term priorities and progress in resolving them.  As you can see, we have checked off several important items. Now we are focused on placing Edwardsport into commercial service and obtaining construction rate case outcomes. We have requested more than $1 billion of annual retail rate relief in the Carolinas and Ohio. I will discuss both Edwardsport and the rate cases in a moment.  We also remain focused on our longer term priorities. One, fully integrating the merged companies while achieving the targeted savings for customers and investors, and two, optimizing nuclear fleet performance. Our integration efforts are producing results, and we’re clearly on track to achieve the merger synergies we expected. During the first quarter, we had achieved $37 million in fuel and joint dispatch savings from our Carolinas fleet. That was in addition to the $52 million in the first six months of the merger. We’re also making good progress on other integration efforts, and are achieving labor reductions and other non-fuel O&M savings. In fact, about 30% of our merger integration initiatives have been completed. The other initiatives are either on schedule or ahead of schedule.  As for our nuclear plants, [Dhiaa] and his team continue deploying the nuclear operating model across the entire fleet, which includes 11 units in the Carolinas. We’re seeing very positive results as measured by our 17 nuclear performance metrics. Most importantly, our nuclear fleet capacity factor for the quarter exceeded 97%.  Now, turning to slide six, I want to update you on the regulatory proceedings regarding our Crystal River nuclear unit in Florida. This plant has been safely shut down since late 2009. We decided earlier this year to retire the plant rather than attempt a complex, first-of-a-kind repair. We are finalizing a comprehensive decommissioning plan, and will file it with the NRC. As you all know, we selected the safe store method. The transition organization is fully staffed. Over the next few months, full time staffing will be significantly reduced from the 600 previously on site. Late last year, we entered into a nonbinding mediation with NEIL, our insurance provider, to resolve all outstanding claims related to the Crystal River 3 unit. In February, both the company and NEIL accepted the mediators proposal, whereby NEIL would pay the company an additional $530 million to resolve all outstanding insurance claims related to the plant. We received the $530 million last month, and these proceeds benefit our Florida customers. We believe that both decisions were in the best overall interest of our customers, joint owners, and investors. The settlement agreement approved by the Florida Commission last year gave us the sole discretion and flexibility to retire this plant. The commission is working with the parties and the proceedings to finalize the issues that the commission will review. We expect the commission to complete this shortly. Oral arguments before the pre-hearing officer were held earlier this week, and a scheduling order has been issued which sets hearings for October.  Before moving to the rate cases, let me give you a brief update on our new nuclear development activities. Yesterday, we announced our decision to suspend our plan for two proposed new nuclear units at our Harris plant site in North Carolina. We continue to pursue combined operating and construction licenses for our proposed Lee nuclear station in South Carolina and the Lee nuclear station in Florida. Related to the Harris license applications, we have spent about $70 million to date. We plan to seek recovery of the retail allocation of these costs from the North Carolina and South Carolina utility commissions. Next, starting with slide seven, I will update you on our rate activities in the Carolinas. Duke Energy Progress filed a general rate case in North Carolina last fall. We reached a settlement agreement with the North Carolina Public Staff in February. Under the terms of the settlement, the return on equity would be 10.2%, with a 53% equity component of the cap structure. The terms are subject to North Carolina commission approval. Parties to the agreement have agreed to delay cash collection, a financing cost on [quip] for the Sutton natural gas plant for one year. Upon commission approval, the immediate increase to customers would be $151 million. There would be another $31 million in year two, upon inclusion of Sutton in customer rates. This settlement provides a fair and balanced outcome for the commission to consider. We have completed our hearings before the commission, and expect a decision in time for the new rates to be effective in June. In addition, Duke Energy Carolinas has filed rate cases in both North Carolina and South Carolina as outlined on slide eight. We are requesting an annual retail revenue increase of $446 million in North Carolina and $220 million in South Carolina. In each case, we are seeking a return on equity of 11.25%.  These rate cases are needed to recover the investments we have made to modernize our system. For example, Cliffside Unit 6 and the Dan River natural gas plant, both put into service in late 2012, and both preapproved by the commissions.  The evidentiary hearings on the North Carolina case begins July 8, while the Southern California hearing begins July 31. We expect rates to be effective for South Carolina in September. We have also requested a September effective date for revised rates in North Carolina.  Before moving to the Ohio rate cases, I want to mention a recent decision by the North Carolina Supreme Court. The court remanded the Duke Energy Carolinas 2012 rate case decision to the North Carolina utilities commission. As you all will recall, in early 2012 the commission approved revised customer rates based on a settlement agreement with the Public Staff and a 10.5% return on equity. The North Carolina Attorney General appealed the decision to the State Supreme Court. The Supreme Court has required the commission to make an independent determination regarding the proper ROE. This past Monday, the Attorney General filed a motion with the commission requesting that the rate increase approved in 2012 be reversed until the commission issues its ROE decision. We oppose this motion. We continue to believe that the settlement agreement approved by the commission is fair and balanced.  Next, let’s turn to Ohio regulatory activity starting on slide nine, with our two distribution rate cases, one for electric service and the other for natural gas. Early last month, we reached agreements with all intervening parties in both cases. Under the settlement terms, the net annualized revenue increase for electric distribution would be $49 million. There would be no adjustment for natural gas distribution. Parties to the settlement in the gas case agreed to litigate the recovery of costs associated with the remediation of the old manufactured gas plant sites. We are seeking annual recovery of $22 million over three years. The Ohio commission approved the electric case stipulation earlier this week, and we expect revised rates will be in effect later this month. It will most likely be later in the summer before we receive the gas order.  Next, I’ll update you on our Cost-Based Capacity filing in Ohio, as outlined on slide 10. We filed the $728 million request last August. We’re seeking appropriate compensation for our capacity service. This filing does not seek to alter the electric security plan, under which Duke Energy Ohio now operates. Hearings began in April. We presented a strong case, and interveners made arguments consistent with their previous filings. Rebuttal hearings will resume later in May.  The legal basis under which this request was filed remains strong. The filing is consistent with a new cost-based compensation mechanism adopted for fixed resource requirement entities in Ohio. Once hearings are completed, we will await a commission decision. The decision will inform our long term strategic plans for our Midwest generation fleet. Turning to slide 11, we continue to advance our fleet modernization program, $9 billion of investments adding 6,600 megawatts of natural gas and coal-fired generating capacity. This program gives us the ability to retire up 6,800 megawatts of our older, less efficient, high emitting coal plants and our oil-fired units. This will give us a high level of fuel diversity, which will benefit customers by giving us flexibility to adapt to future changes in commodity prices.  In 2012, we brought three new plants online, a combination of natural gas and coal-fired units, and we’re on track to bring our remaining two construction projects, Edwardsport and Sutton, into service in 2013. Let me provide you an update on the Edwardsport IGCC coal plant in Indiana.  As you all remember, we completed the construction in 2012. We’re now in the final process of completing the testing needed before we begin to bring the 618 megawatt plant into service and deem it operational. Both [gas-fires] have successfully produced syngas from coal, and we produce electricity from both turbines using syngas, natural gas, and a blend of both.  We’re on track to put Edwardsport into commercial service later this month. This will be a major milestone. As with any new large plant, additional testing, completion of punch list items, and project closeout activities will continue for several months past the commercial operating date. Edwardsport will be a very important addition to our generation fleet in Indiana. The other major construction project is Sutton, a combined cycle natural gas plant we’re building in eastern North Carolina. We expect to place the 625 megawatt Sutton plant into commercial service during the fourth quarter. It represents the latest step in modernizing and adding more natural gas diversification in the Carolinas. In summary, we are very pleased with our performance in the first quarter, and are focused on resolving near term priorities. The organization has quickly pulled together as one team. We continue to drive efficiencies that benefit customers and investors. We’re making the most of the unique strength this merger has created. Our performance in the quarter leaves us well-positioned to meet our 2013 earnings and operational objectives.  Now, Lynn will provide a more detailed look at our financial performance in the quarter, including a customer load and economic update.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Jim. I’d like to begin by saying how pleased I am with our first quarter results. Slide 12 provides our earnings summary. As you know, first quarter 2013 adjusted diluted earnings were $1.02 per share. These results were on track with our expectations for the quarter, although lower than our first quarter 2012 results of $1.13 per share. On a reported basis, our earnings for the quarter were $0.89 per share compared to $0.66 per share last year. A reconciliation of our reported results to our adjusted results is included in the supplemental materials. Today I will focus my remarks on the significant adjusted earnings drivers for each of our business segments for the first quarter. I’ll spend a few minutes on our volume trends and the economic conditions within our service territories. I will then discuss the timing of several key earnings drivers that you should consider as you assess our quarterly earnings for the remainder of the year. And I will close with our financial objectives going forward.  First, let’s briefly discuss the primary adjusted earnings per share drivers for each of our business segments. Adjusted earnings at our regulated business, U.S. franchise electric and gas, increased by $0.44 per share. U.S. FE&G’s increased results was primarily driven by the addition of Progress Energy’s regulated utility operations in the Carolinas and Florida, which contributed $0.35 per share in the quarter. More favorable weather of $0.10 per share was also a significant driver for the quarter. As you might recall, first quarter 2012 was extremely mild, with the Carolinas heating degree days at their lowest level on record for a first quarter. Weather during the first quarter of 2013 was favorable to normal by $0.02 per share. Colder than normal weather in March more than offset the mild weather in January. During the quarter, pricing and riders were favorable by $0.03 per share. This increase was primarily due to the timing of revised rates associated with our prior rate cases in the Carolinas. As a result of these rate cases going into effect in February of 2012, we recognized an additional month of revised rates during this year’s quarter. Finally, additional wholesale revenues increased earnings by about $0.02 per share for the quarter. As we discussed at our analyst day in late February, the wholesale business involves the short term and long term contracts to provide power to municipalities and co-ops within our service territories. We expect the wholesale business will contribute pre-tax net margins of $1 billion in 2013. This power is sold under various pricing mechanisms such as formula rates and fixed capacity contracts with price escalators.  We have several new wholesale contracts that began in 2013. These contracts will grow over time as the volumes sold increase over the contract term. The terms of these new contracts are long term, between 15 to 20 years. As we look forward, we expect our wholesale business to add an incremental $0.07 to $0.08 annually to earnings in 2014 and 2015, resulting in an average growth rate of 8% for this business. Partially offsetting these favorable drivers for FE&G was a decline and allowance for funds used during construction equity of $0.02 per share resulting from the completion of several major construction projects in 2012 such as Cliffside and Dan River. As expected, this decline in AFUDC also contributed to a higher effective tax rate. This higher tax rate decreased earnings by $0.02 per share.  Next, I’ll address International Energy’s results, which, as expected, were $0.06 lower than the prior year quarter. International’s results were impacted by lower volumes and higher purchased power costs due to delay and rainfall in Brazil, as well as FX and lower commodity prices at National Methanol. Let me provide you an update on the rainfall conditions in Brazil. As we entered 2013, reservoir levels in Brazil were unusually low due to a delay in the rainy season. Since our analyst day in February, rainfall has been stronger. This has resulted in reservoir levels increasing from around 30% at the beginning of the year to around 60% currently. Even though this is a significant improvement, these levels are still below historic averages for this time of year. Due to the lower reservoir levels, higher cost thermal power is being allocated to cover the demand, resulting in a higher exposure to cost for hydro-generators, including our Brazilian operations. We will continue to monitor the reservoir levels and keep you updated as the year progresses. Next, moving to our commercial power segment, results were $0.03 lower in the first quarter as compared to the prior year. This decline was primarily due to lower PJM capacity revenues for our Midwest generation fleet. Prices declined from $110 per megawatt day in the prior year quarter to $16 per megawatt day in the first quarter of 2013. And finally, let me discuss other. This category primarily includes corporate interest expense not allocated to the business units, results from Duke Energy’s captive insurance company, other investments, and quarterly income tax levelization adjustments. We recorded higher interest expense of $0.04 associated with the Progress Energy holding company debt and $0.02 per share associated with higher debt levels at Duke Energy holding company. We also recognized dilution of $0.41 per share for the quarter, resulting from the issuance of additional shares in connection with the Progress merger. As you know, we issued around 258 million shares after the completion of the merger. We now have around 705 million shares outstanding. Turning to slide 13, I’ll spend a few minutes on our volume trends for the quarter and the economic conditions within our service territories. As a reminder, it’s important to note that 2012 was a leap year. Our 2013 guidance assumes weather-normalized retail load growth of around 0.5%. For the first quarter, our retail volumes, excluding the impacts of weather, were down 0.5% to the prior period across all customer classes. However, if the prior year leap year effect is excluded, our first quarter volumes would have been favorable by approximately 0.5%, which is consistent with our annual expectations. Let me briefly discuss some of the trends we are seeing in each of our customer classes. First, our residential customers. Usage per customer for this class continues to trend slightly lower. We continue to experience growth in the average number of customers, primarily in the Carolinas, Indiana, and Florida. Since last year, we’ve added approximately 50,000 new electric customers, an average increase of 0.7%. Trends in this customer class will continue to track the recovery in the housing markets as well as the general economy.  Excluding the leap year effect, our commercial class remains on a slow and steady growth path. Usage per customer in this sector is relatively flat, while growth in consumer spending and retail sales remain modest. Office vacancy rates remain consistent, and above historical norms. In the industrial sector in the Carolinas, we continue to experience strength in the automotive sector, which has helped to offset the continued decline in the textile industry. In the Midwest, the automotive sector is also strong, but has been offset by recent weakness in the steel industry due to volatile steel prices and global economic uncertainties. As you will recall, industrial activity comprises a very small percentage of our customer load in Florida.  Overall, the economy continues to perform in line with our expectations and is recovering at a slow and steady pace. We expect economic activity to pick up in the second half of the year. Our service territories remain attractive for economic development activities.  As an example, MetLife, the global life insurance and employee benefits provider, announced in March that it intends to create 2,600 jobs in Charlotte and Cary, North Carolina by the end of 2015. And just a few weeks ago, Google announced it is expanding its data center site in western North Carolina, making an additional $600 million investment to the area. These announcements have resulted in new investments and jobs in our service territories.  Now I’d like to discuss several earnings considerations for this year. As you are aware, the midpoint of our 2013 earnings guidance range of $4.20 to $4.45 is reasonably consistent with our adjusted EPS of $4.32 in 2012. Even though the annual earnings per share are expected to be reasonably consistent, the quarterly contributions in 2013 will differ from 2012. We expect a relatively weaker first half in 2013 compared to 2012 and a relatively stronger second half. This variability is being driven by a few key drivers, which are outlined on slide 14. First, the timing of rate case resolutions. We expect to begin recognizing the benefits from our pending rate cases in the third and fourth quarters upon approval from our commission.  Our second key driver is the timing of recognizing O&M expenses and merger savings. We expect to experience more significant merger synergies in the back half of the year as these savings ramp up over time. Third, the impact of the issuance of incremental shares in connection with the Progress Energy merger. As I mentioned a moment ago, we will have significantly higher share counts in the first half of 2013 compared to 2012. Even though the additional share counts are evenly distributed throughout the year, the offsetting earnings contributions from the Progress utilities are not. The first half of the year normally contributes lower earnings than the second half due to seasonality. The fourth key driver is significantly lower PJM capacity revenues for our non-regulated Midwest generation fleet. As I previously mentioned, in the June 2012 to May 2013 PJM auctions, the capacity price declined sharply to $16 per megawatt day from the previous price of $110 per megawatt day. Overall, our first quarter results are on track with our plan and give us confidence in our ability to deliver on our full year 2013 EPS guidance range. In closing, we are affirming the guidance range of $4.20 to $4.45 for 2013 based upon adjusted diluted earnings per share. Results for the full year will be largely department on the successful resolution of our pending major rate requests, effective cost controls, and our results in the third quarter, historically our most significant.  We continue to focus on growing the dividend, which is central to our investor value proposition. We are committed to a payout ratio of 65% of 70% based upon adjusted diluted earnings per share. Our current dividend yield of 4.1% remains attractive in the ongoing low interest rate environment, and we remain confident we are on track to achieve our short term and long term financial objectives. Now I’ll turn it back over to Jim.
Jim Rogers: Thanks, Lynn. With that, let’s open up the phone lines for your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions.] We’ll take our first question from Greg Gordon with ISI Group. 
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: Can you give us an update of where you stand in terms of your CEO search, and whether you can give us any view on whether we get visibility on that at the front end of the period that’s stipulated in the settlement, or towards the end of the year?
Jim Rogers : The CEO selection process is being led by a special committee of the board. The committee is working with an outside advisor to support this process in applying a great deal of rigor and due diligence. Of all the decisions a board can make, the most important decision is the selection of the CEO.  They are looking at both internal candidates as well as external candidates. The process is ongoing. They are being very thoughtful, deliberative, and are working their way through this. And it’s difficult at this time to predict whether a decision will actually be made. But in every event, it will be made before the end of this year. 
Greg Gordon - ISI Group : It’s been fairly often the case that you’ve been able to settle cases in North Carolina. I can’t remember a situation where the ROE has been challenged in court and remanded in this fashion. Is there any precedent for this type of scenario, and can we look at that precedent, if there is any, into how the commission might respond?
Jim Rogers : As a general rule, the Supreme Court defers to the judgment of the state commission. I think what’s important to appreciate about the remand to the state commission is this: They didn’t strike down the 10.5% ROE. What they simply did was ask the commission to explain in detail the basis of their approval of the settlement and specifically the underlying basis for the 10.5%. There’s ample evidence in the record, and what is expected from the commission, and at least what we expect from the commission, is that they will review the evidence that was presented, and they will write an order that underpins the 10.5%.
Operator: And next we’ll go to Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Just following up on Greg’s question on the North Carolina situation. Does that potentially have any bearing on how the progress settlement is put together when it gets presented ultimately to the commission? Or does it prospectively slow down the Duke case in the sense of maybe you need to build a bigger, more broad docket in order to avoid a debate in the future?
Jim Rogers : Good question. I would address it this way. When we file for a rate case, we file with a lot of testimony that really supports the ROE request that we’re making. As a consequence of that, when we enter into a settlement, as we have in the Progress Energy case, basically that 10.2% is underpinned with testimony and we will file additional testimony when there’s a hearing on the settlement.  So I think the most important point here is that one doesn’t change the historic practice in the Carolinas of reaching settlements and presenting settlements to the commission. What the court has really done is ask the commission to explain in much greater detail why they approved the settlement, and specifically why they approved the ROE. So I think it’s really a message to the commission to address, based on record evidence, why they made their decision in more detail. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse : On the Ohio capacity case situation, obviously the other parties have pretty staunchly maintained their position, and you guys have maintained yours. Is there an opportunity for you guys to look at a settlement or find a common ground on this issue, or is this one that’s going to have to go to a commission decision and prospectively litigation to get to a fair outcome, from your perspective?
Jim Rogers : You know, Dan, my judgment is we’ve always reached settlements in Ohio, but this one is difficult if not impossible to reach a settlement. I don’t rule out the possibility of a settlement later in the process, but I think it’s where everybody’s kind of strapped on their position and going full speed before the commission to make the argument.  The argument is a strong argument, and if I put my—I haven’t practiced law in a long time—but if I put my hat on as a lawyer, this case is a very strong case for us, because this capacity charge has been approved for AEP and the consequence of it, the commission can’t discriminate against one company versus another company in the application of their rulings. And so we’re clearly going to win in the Supreme Court. I believe we can win, and there seems to be evidence, or an indication, that we could win at the commission.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse : And then Lynn, just one question on commercial power. You know, after the first quarter was kind of off the full year rate and capacity’s going to work [unintelligible] in the second half, what should we be thinking about this? Kind of help fill in against guidance where you guys have it today.
Lynn Good: Dan, we do have an assumption of some success in Ohio in our guidance, and I think as we shared with you in February, you should look at the broad guidance range of $4.20 to $4.45. We’ve assumed a range of outcomes. And so as we move through this process and get some more clarity on Ohio, I think we’ll be able to give you more sense of how commercial will contribute, as well as how the other parts of the business will contribute.
Operator: And next we’ll go to Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. 
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley: I wanted to touch on your disclosure on wholesale revenues and Lynn, you provided some discussion of that business. Can you talk a bit to execution risk relating to that and the certainty of being able to achieve that. It looks like good EPS contribution, 8% growth. Can you just talk a little bit about where you stand? You mentioned a few contracts, but I couldn’t kind of relate that back to the overall number.
Lynn Good: We have a high degree of confidence in our ability to achieve those numbers and that growth rate, because the contracts have been signed and are in place. So the two that we pointed two was a wrapped contract or an extended contract with NCEMC in the eastern part of our Carolina territory, and then a contract that we announced really back in 2010 involving co-ops in the northern part of South Carolina, a contract that will ramp up over a period of time, over the next several years. So the contracts are in place, and we believe that we have a high degree of confidence in achieving those numbers.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley : And then just on the financial side of things, your interest expense year to date and your overall assumptions, just curious, as you are looking at your financing plan relative to where you initially set your assumptions, are things generally tracking online, or are rates coming in lower? How are you sort of tracking in terms of your financing costs?
Lynn Good: Generally tracking online, and we have, in the appendix, our expectation for additional financing over the course of the year. We do have a number of issuances that we’ll plan in the back half of the year.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. 
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: A quick on on Brazil. What would be a good assumption for a run rate headwind if the current curtailments continue through the year? We’ve heard some talk that they might want to really build a buffer ahead of the World Cup next year, etc. So if things don’t improve, is Q1 a guide to future quarters?
Lynn Good: That’s a good question. As we looked at planning for Brazil and for international, what was delivered this first quarter was actually consistent with our plan. So we were expecting this level of contribution. We do see some expectation of higher than average dispatch on thermal generation for the balance of 2013, but we would not expect it to have the impact that it had in the first quarter. But what I would also say is this is a situation that we’re continuing to monitor, and we’ll give you an update as the year progresses. 
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank : And on another front, can you give us a little more insight into what’s still showing up in the cost to achieve line. And what kind of timeframe should we expect that to fade?
Lynn Good: Cost to achieve will be with us for a few years, primarily related to integration of systems, and also costs, if we continue to move through the exiting of employees who are leaving under the voluntary severance plan. So a couple of examples would be HR and finance systems will not be in effect until early ’14. Nuclear asset suite, where we’re combining systems in the nuclear operation and work management systems, those projects will continue into ’14, ’15, and ’16. So they will tail off over time, but we will continue to have cost to achieve for a couple of years. 
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank : And this sort of Q1 level is probably where we are for the next year or two?
Lynn Good: I haven’t looked at it from a run rate perspective. So let us take that one, Jonathan, and the IR team will be prepared to respond and give you some more input on that. 
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Can you talk a little bit about Crystal River, and specifically decommissioning costs and the decommissioning fund, meaning what are the variables that could significantly change the expected decommissioning cost of the plans, where does the fund stand in terms of meeting the decommissioning cost for the plant, and how do you manage the risk around the cost variability of decommissioning, meaning are there ways you can shelter Duke from cost escalation in the decommissioning of Crystal River over time?
Lynn Good: I’ll start and see if we can resolve… Dhiaa’s also here for further discussion on the specifics of the decommissioning plan. But we have $600 million in the decommissioning trust fund, which is a fully funded level, assuming that the plant retires in the 2030 timeframe. Under the safe store method that we’ve adopted, we have 40 to 50 years to move through decommissioning of this plant.  And so we believe our funding level is adequate. We’ll be monitoring it as we go, and you ought to think about it as almost equivalent to the way we manage liabilities in a pension fund, where we have investments, with equity and fixed income that we match to an expectation of liabilities. And we run scenarios and assumptions on cost as well as scenarios and assumptions on investment of assets to ensure that we’re adequately funded. 
Dhiaa Jamil: From a plant point of view, there is a process that we will follow to produce a cost estimate for decommissioning. We have to file with the NRC a report that is called the “Post-Shutdown Decommissioning Activity Report” and have to outline in that report our estimates, a site-specific cost estimate. We are due to submit that in November of this year, and 90 days after that, that is considered approval of that report. We’ll be able to give you significantly more details about the scope of that work.  Primarily, systems have already been drained down because the plant has been shut down for quite a while. So we’re a good bit ahead on those activities. Basically we’ll just stop maintenance on those systems, other than those that are associated with the spent fuel and related support systems. That will dictate the vast majority of the plan going forward.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs : What are the biggest cost buckets, or cost areas, in terms of decommissioning a nuclear facility like CR3? I’m just trying to think about some of the variable, very big picture, broad brush, that could change your forecast decommissioning costs higher or lower when you put out that report in November.
Dhiaa Jamil:
 :
Operator: We’ll go next to Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research. 
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research: In the context of past success, I think you guys have beaten consensus quarters for three or four years in a row, every quarter, and didn’t do it this time. Did you hit your internal numbers and just consensus was too high? Or did you not hit your internal numbers?
Lynn Good: We’re on plan, internal numbers, so we did hit plan. And what we were trying to demonstrate with slide 14 is sort of the quarterly variability that you can expect as you look at comparables between ’12 and ’13. So we have a high degree of confidence that we’re going to finish the year consistent with our expectations. So that’s where we are.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research : And then a follow up on the wholesale sales and the slide. The $0.07 to $0.08 is both in ’14 and then incrementally in ’15?
Lynn Good: It is.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research : And is that matching up with rate-based growth in wholesale as well? So when you have wholesale on the slide, is it matching there? Or is it more just tied to contracted price increases?
Lynn Good: It’s load. You can think of it as additional load, where we are bringing on additional megawatts of load in those years.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research : And is there any offset in retail, i.e. less retail sales, or less wholesale full retail benefit?
Lynn Good: No.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Hugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein. 
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: My question is on page 19, 2013 earnings guidance assumptions. I’m looking at commercial power and the assumption of $95 million of earnings in 2013 relative to the $6 million earned in the first quarter. And I think that reflects the expectation of an award of capacity revenues by the PUCO, if I’m not incorrect. What should we expect regarding the underlying earnings power of that fleet in the absence of an award of capacity revenues this year? Will it resemble what we saw in the first quarter, the expected material improvement in the subsequent three quarters? 
Lynn Good: The other major driver in that segment is capacity prices. So $16 through May of this year. It will go up to $28 in the back half. And then you have energy for the coal and gas fleet, and we’ve seen trends comparable to others in the Midwest. We’re seeing a little bit more coal generation, a little les gas generation, as prices have risen. So those are the other drivers to think about.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein : And on 23, you provide an analysis of your weather-normalized generation, or power sales, over the last 12 months, and on the right hand column, you can see it’s been broadly flat. Is this a trend you expect to continue? Or are there reasons to believe that the last 12 months were somehow different from what we’ll see in the year, two years ahead?
Lynn Good: If you look back at rolling 12 months to the end of 12, we were at 0.6%. If we were to do leap year adjustment on this rolling 12 months, it would be 0.3% overall growth, and we’re projecting 0.5%. So we feel like we’re reasonably consistent or in the range with our expectations. We think they’re cautious, and as we have done every quarter, we’ll just continue to update you on developments that we see. We’re seeing strength in customer growth, we’re seeing some strength in automotive in our industrial segment, and then some weaknesses in primary metals that I referenced a moment ago.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Julian Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. 
Julian Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Following a little bit up on the North Carolina situation, I wanted to get a little bit more clarity here, because there’s just so many different pending filings, including the Supreme Court remand regarding ROE. I’d be curious, is there any potential for all of these ROEs to kind of be resolved at once, shall we say? Obviously there’s a certain timeline here which the NCU needs to address the remand, but they have other rate cases in front of them.  Is there any ability to kind of deal with it at once, or would your expectation be we’ll get an updated ROE for a certain period of time and then we’ll have a new ROE effective whenever the subsequent case comes into effect? Just trying to get a sense of the ability to interject new testimony into the ROE, and secondly the timeline. 
Jim Rogers : My judgment is that there’s adequate testimony underpinning the 10.5% ROE in the Duke Energy case that was remanded back. I think what the commission will do, particularly in light of the motion by the attorney general, they’re probably all right going to work to write an order that really underpins the 10.5%. So I think they’ll do it seriatum, and that will be first.  I think the second thing that they will focus on is the settlement of PEC, with a 10.2, and that order will probably come on the heels of that. And then subsequently, with the new Duke Energy case, that will probably be working on resolving that through settlement over the coming weeks and months, and that will be third in line. That will be my view of how that unfolds.
Julian Dumoulin-Smith - UBS : And each will continue to have a discretely separate process for setting that ROE?
Jim Rogers : I’m confident that’s the way it will work. Because it makes sense, and it’s consistent with the traditional practice and procedure of the commission. 
Julian Dumoulin-Smith - UBS : Going back to the international business for a second here, obviously there have been some acquisitions. Chile, there’s been some commentary around Peru. What is the thought process, as we sit here today, around expanding the business given the cash balance? Is this a year for more expansive deployment of that balance?
Lynn Good: We continue to look for opportunities to grow the business that are consistent with our return expectations. The countries we like, generation is kind of the part of the system we’re interested in. And I would say our aspirations this year are no different than they are any year. If we find an asset that fits with us and meets return expectations, we would pursue it. And we have been systematically, over the last five years, adding, in a moderate way, assets that are complementary to our portfolio.
Julian Dumoulin-Smith - UBS : Any particular market as it stands today that you’re focused on?
Lynn Good: Well, we were focused on Chile in ’12.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Andy Bischof with Morningstar. 
Andy Bischof - Morningstar: I was wondering if you could just comment on the level of switching from gas back to coal in your generation portfolio. A couple of your peers have posted pretty dramatic shifts in their generation mix compared to 2012.
Lynn Good: What I would say is in our Midwestern fleet we’ve seen an increase in coal generation and a decrease in gas generation really consistent with the fact that those coal assets are positioned very favorably for transport. In the Carolinas, we haven’t seen what I would call switching, but we have seen higher capacity factors of our coal plants, in our Duke Carolinas territory. Transportation, as you know, in the Carolinas, is a bit more expensive, and the price at which gas is advantaged to coal is a bit higher.
Andy Bischof - Morningstar : And what is that price in the Carolinas?
Lynn Good: I would say probably $4.50ish? 
Jim Rogers : And I think that’s the price, Lynn, that once gas gets to $4.50, then we turn on the Cliffside plant, because it’s our most efficient coal plant.
Operator: And we’ll take our last question from Ali Agha with SunTrust. 
Ali Agha - SunTrust: I wanted to get a little more insight. On one of your slides, you talk about an EPS growth of 4% to 6%. That’s the aspiration from ’13 through ’15. And you look at your commercial power unit, a cyclically low point here because of the capacity payments. International, you’ve talked about the fact that the hydro situation is hurting you right now. We have that wholesale growth coming up next couple of years. Cost reductions [unintelligible]. I’m just curious, I would have thought the growth rate would be somewhat higher given the cyclically low ’13 that we’re looking at. Can you give me a little more insight into how we keep it in that 4% to 6% range?
Lynn Good: You know, Ali, we’re smiling at the question, because I think our questions have primarily been, “How could you possibly get to the high end of the range?” And you’re arguing why aren’t we higher, which we’re delighted to hear. You know, the 4% to 6% we think is a reasonable expectation. You’ve talked about commercial certainly contributing to that. And then we look at franchise electric and gas with the key drivers being rate base, our merger synergies, the continued focus on driving cost out of the business.  So we have a high degree of confidence of hitting the 4% to 6% range, and as we see these fundamental pieces coming into place in ’13 with rate cases and other things, I think we’ll be able to give you a better sense of what ’14 and ’15 could look like as the year progresses. 
Ali Agha - SunTrust : I understand, the largest, the regulated business dominates the percentage growth going back. Second question, on Ohio, just to be clear, Jim, on the strategic plan there, you had gone down the path of looking to potentially exit the [merchant] generation business. Then the capacity case obviously came up, and you want to play that out. Once that decision comes out, whether you get it or not, regardless, but once that decision is out, strategically, does that merchant portfolio still fit with Duke, or will it still make sense to focus more on the regulated and get out of that volatile business?
Jim Rogers : That’s a good question. I think we’re going to wait and see what the decision is from the Ohio commission, and then we’re going to make a decision with respect to those assets. I think it would be premature for me to comment on what we would do, but we believe we’re entitled to this capacity payment and if we don’t get it, I think we’ll have to make a tough decision about those assets going forward. But more to come on that. Our focus is on creating value and reducing the risk of our portfolio, and so we’ll make a decision consistent with that.
Ali Agha - SunTrust : Just to be clear on your thinking, if you do get the capacity payment, that does not necessarily mean that you’re going to still own those. You could still go down the divestiture path?
Lynn Good: You know, Ali, I think we’ll have to wait and see the conditions of the order from the commission. So at this point, we are under order to move the assets out of the utility to an affiliate by the end of 2014, and I think we’ll just await any clarity the commission would provide on that as part of the cost base capacity order.
Jim Rogers : I think the other dynamic that plays into this is also the movement in gas prices. This time last year, gas was about $1.87 in MMBTU. It average $3.48 in MMBTU last year, and now we’re in the $4.40 range. And some people are predicting we’ll be to $5 to $5.50 before year-end in gas prices. So that will have a significant impact on the value of the coal plants in the Midwest, as well as the gas plants as we look forward.
Operator: At this time, I’d like to turn the call back over to Mr. Currens for any additional or closing remarks. 
Jim Rogers : This is Jim Rogers stepping in for Bill. I want to thank you all again for your interest and your investment in Duke Energy. We’re off to a strong start in 2013. I want to reemphasize the fact that we are on plan and we’re moving forward to hit the numbers this year. And we look forward to keeping you informed as the year goes on. Thank you all.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-13 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bob Drennan - Vice President, Investor Relations Jim Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Lynn Good - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Kit Konolige - BGC Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Andy Bishop - Morningstar Financial Services Ashar Khan – Visium
Operator:
Bob Drennan:
Jim Rogers:
Lynn Good:
Jim Rogers:
Operator:
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse:
Jim Rogers:
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse:
Jim Rogers:
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse:
Jim Rogers:
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse:
Jim Rogers:
Operator:
Kit Konolige - BGC:
Lynn Good:
Kit Konolige - BGC:
Lynn Good:
Kit Konolige - BGC:
Lynn Good:
Jim Rogers:
Operator:
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs:
Jim Rogers:
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs:
Lynn Good:
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs:
Lynn Good:
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs:
Lynn Good:
Operator:
Andy Bishop - Morningstar Financial Services:
Jim Rogers:
Operator:
Ashar Khan – Visium:
Jim Rogers:
Ashar Khan – Visium:
Jim Rogers: Okay. Again, thanks a lot and thanks again on a very, very successful year.
Ashar Khan – Visium: Okay. Again, thanks a lot and thanks again on a very, very successful year.
Jim Rogers:
Operator:
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs:
Jim Rogers: Thank you sir. That does conclude today’s teleconference. We do thank you all for your participation.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Thank you sir. That does conclude today’s teleconference. We do thank you all for your participation.
Operator: Thank you sir. That does conclude today’s teleconference. We do thank you all for your participation.
Jim Rogers: Thank you sir. That does conclude today’s teleconference. We do thank you all for your participation.
Operator: Thank you sir. That does conclude today’s teleconference. We do thank you all for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-08 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Robert F. Drennan - Vice President of Investor Relations James E. Rogers - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Lynn J. Good - Chief Financial Officer and Group Executive Jeffrey J. Lyash - Executive Vice President for Energy Supply
Analysts: Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Duke Energy Third Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Bob Drennan, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Robert F. Drennan: Thank you, Shannon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Duke Energy's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Review and Business Update. Leading our discussion this morning are Jim Rogers, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Lynn Good, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide 2 in the presentation package presents the Safe Harbor statement which accompanies our presentation materials. You should also refer to the information on our 2011 10-K and other SEC filings concerning factors that could cause future results to differ from these forward-looking information. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website and in today's materials. Please note that the appendix to the presentation materials includes supplemental information and additional disclosures to help you analyze Duke Energy's performance. Slide 3 details the topics for today's call. First, Jim will provide an update on our key priorities, and Lynn will review our quarterly financial results. After these prepared remarks, we will take your questions. The management team of Duke Energy will host an analyst meeting in New York City in late February. During that meeting, we will update you on our strategic goals and our progress in resolving our near-term priorities. At that time, we will provide our 2013 earnings guidance range and related assumptions, including our long-term earnings growth rate and expectations. More details on this meeting will be distributed shortly. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James E. Rogers: Thank you, Bob, and thank you all for joining us today. It's our first call to report on a consolidated financial results of the new Duke Energy. As a combined company, we're off to a great start. The third quarter results reflect our efforts. We are pleased with what were already accomplished the positive momentum we've created. The work of our employees has been outstanding. As the 2 companies come together, we continue to focus on our mission for customers, and that is providing affordable, reliable and increasingly clean electricity on a 24/7 basis. We are focused and will continue to meet our merger commitments, achieving synergies and savings for both customers and investors. Today, Duke Energy announced adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.47 for the third quarter. This compares to prior year quarterly earnings of $1.50 per share. Once again, we exceeded Wall Street consensus estimates. In the quarter, we continue to realize the benefits from our fleet modernization program despite less favorable weather and more results in our nonregulated commercial businesses. We are positioned to finish the year within our targeted adjusted diluted earnings guidance range of $4.20 to $4.35 per share. Before going further, I'd like to say a word about Sandy. We were saddened by the loss of life and enormous damage caused by this storm. We were very fortunate that our service areas were spared the brunt of it. We have quickly deployed contractors and employees to assist other utilities with restoration. In total, we sent over 2,900 workers to help in 8 states from Virginia to Connecticut. I deeply appreciate the commitment and dedication of these workers, most of whom are still working to restore service in New York and New Jersey. It is an example of how our new scale and geographic scope have made our storm response capabilities even stronger. Since merger closed, we've been focused on 5 key near-term priorities: first, resolving the North Carolina Utilities Commission's investigation into the post-merger change in leadership and achieving successful outcomes in our rate cases in the Carolinas; second, achieving merger savings and efficiencies and successfully integrating the new company into a stronger, more efficient organization; third, completing the work necessary to determine the way forward for the Crystal River 3 nuclear unit in Florida; fourth, putting the Edwardsport IGCC plant into service and receiving approval of the associated regulatory settlement in Indiana; and fifth, our ongoing effort to optimize the performance of our nuclear generating fleet. Over the next 9 to 12 months, we expect to resolve many of these priorities while making substantial progress on the others. For example, successful merger integration and optimizing nuclear performance will be ongoing priorities beyond this period. A word on the status of the North Carolina Utilities Commission investigation. This investigation is ongoing, and we are maintaining open communications with the commission. We will continue to keep you informed on this ongoing matter. Next, let me turn to Slide 5. We are nearing completion of our $9 billion fleet modernization program. This will position the company to comply with more stringent environmental rules, and it will increase the efficiency and fuel diversity of our generation sources. This program allows us to ultimately retire up to 6,800 megawatts of our older, less efficient coal-fired generation. In order to recover these important investments, we have rate cases planned in the Carolinas. The first of these rate cases is the one Progress Energy Carolinas filed in North Carolina last month. This marks its first base rate inquiries request in North Carolina in 25 years. We have requested a net increase in annualized customer rates of $359 million. This is based upon an ROE of 11.25%, a 55.4% equity component of the cap structure and a retail rate base of about $6.9 billion for the estimated date of the hearings. Around 70% of the requested rate increase is due to capital investments. This includes the 600-megawatt combined cycle unit at the Smith Energy Complex, which went into service in June of 2011; it includes the 920-megawatt Lee Energy Complex scheduled for commercial operation by year end. The filing also includes the quip associated with the 625-megawatt Sutton combined cycle gas plant expected to be in service in late 2013. All of these plants were approved by the commission through its certification process. The commission has established a procedural schedule, and evidentiary hearings will be held beginning on March 18, 2013. We expect revised rates to be in effect by mid-2013. We are also finalizing our rate case filings for Duke Energy Carolinas. These petitions are expected to be the last in a series of 3 rate cases for Duke Energy Carolinas to recover capital investments made to modernize the generation fleet. This includes the 825-megawatt pulverized coal unit at Cliffside, the 620-megawatt combined cycle natural gas plant at Dan River and certain upgrades made at the Oconee nuclear station. After discussions with the North Carolina Public Staff, we have shifted the filing of the cases for Duke Energy Carolinas until the first quarter of 2013. Our North Carolina filing will be made around 1 month before our South Carolina filing. In connection with this shift in timing, we will request approval to defer depreciation, O&M expense and the return on Cliffside and Dan River until new customer rates are in effect. The Public Staff will not oppose this deferral request. Next, I'll provide an update on our progress with merger integration as outlined on Slide 6. I'm very pleased with how our 2 companies have come together. We are well on our way to achieving the benefits expected from this transaction. Over the last 4 months, we have essentially completed staffing the organization. As you all may recall, about 1,100 employees applied for our Voluntary Severance Program. More than half of this group are expected to leave by year end, with the rest leaving over the next 12 months or so. We remain on track to achieve the guaranteed $650 million in fuel and joint dispatch savings over the first 5 years. We are dispatching the generating fleets in the Carolinas as one combined fleet. Joint dispatch, along with fuel savings, produce significant and immediate cost efficiencies that directly benefit our customers in the Carolinas. Effective September 1, we implemented a $70 million rate decrement in the Carolinas to begin passing on the expected first year savings to customers. These efficiencies will extend beyond the 5-year regulatory period and will help us mitigate the impact of future customer rate increases. Now let's turn to Slide 7, which outlines our ongoing evaluation of whether to repair or retire the Crystal River 3 nuclear unit in Florida. On October 1, we provided the Florida Public Service Commission with an independent engineering report commissioned by the Duke Energy Board of Directors in March 2012. This report evaluated 3 things: first, the technical feasibility and risk of the current repair option; Two, the estimated costs to repair the unit; and finally, the timeline needed to repair the unit. Zapata Inc. is the engineering firm that produced the report. They found that although the current repair plan appears technically feasible, a number of risks and technical issues remain that need to be resolved, including the ultimate scope of any repair. We have formed a technical review team to analyze the issues raised in the independent report. The team will continue to refine and evaluate the risk, scope, cost estimates and schedule if the unit is repaired. Because of the ongoing review of the scope and cost, it is unlikely we will begin any repair before year end. Therefore, as outlined in the settlement agreement, we're subject to a total $100 million customer refund for replacement power cost in 2015 and '16. This liability was recognized in the third quarter with an offsetting increase to goodwill. We continue to have conversations with NEIL, the nuclear insurance company, regarding the level of insurance coverage for the repairs. NEIL has not yet finalized its coverage decisions. We expect to hold nonbinding mediation discussions with NEIL later in the fourth quarter. If we do not reach a mediated settlement, the next step is binding arbitration. The company has not made a final decision either to repair or to retire Crystal River 3. However, the regulatory settlement approved by the Florida Commission earlier this year provides a framework for either path forward. We expect the decision could be made either by the end of this year or by summer 2013. We will proceed with repairing the unit only if there is a high degree of confidence that the repair can be completed within our estimated cost and schedule. Any final decision will be made in the best interest of our customers, joint owners and investors. In Indiana, we are focused on bringing the Edwardsport plant online and receiving approval of the regulatory settlement for cost recovery. This has been a challenging project but an important one, not only for our company, but also for the state of Indiana. Edwardsport will use local Indiana coal in an environmentally responsible manner. We are currently in the testing and startup phase and are about halfway through General Electric's new product introduction testing process. We have achieved important milestones: first, construction is complete; second, we have operated both the combustion and steam turbines on natural gas; third, in late October, we achieved syngas production from coal on one of the gasifiers and began testing the combustion turbines on syngas. Additional testing will continue over the next several months. This testing and startup phase is identifying and correcting issues prior to startup. Issues discovered during the equipment testing and commissioning of the project have required an extension of the project timeline. The in-service date is now scheduled for mid-2013. Based on lower-than-projected revenues and additional costs resulting from the delayed in-service date, our updated cost estimate for the plant is $3.154 billion, excluding AFUDC of approximately $400 million. The estimated cost increase results in the recognition of a pretax charge of about $180 million in the third quarter of 2012. This charge has been treated as a special item and excluded from Duke Energy's adjusted diluted earnings per share. As for the Edwardsport regulatory settlement, a hearing is wrapped up in July. We are optimistic the Indiana Commission will rule on this matter by year end. Turning to Slide 9, let me update you on our other major new plants under construction. Cliffside Unit 6 is now undergoing an intensive testing and commissioning process. We expect Cliffside to become commercially available by the end of the year with the current approved budget. Our combined cycle natural gas projects in the Carolinas, Dan River, Lee and Sutton are all on budget and on schedule. Both Dan River and Lee are expected to be commercially available before year end. Before moving on to our commercial businesses, let me briefly discuss our nuclear fleet. Our combined nuclear organization has enormous experience and depth of talent. Today, we operate a nuclear fleet of around 11,000 megawatts with all of our plants in the Carolinas, except one. During the third quarter, our operational performance for the combined nuclear fleet was strong. We performed at an approximate 98% capacity factor, excluding Crystal River 3. This exceptional performance gave our customers the benefit of efficient and reliable nuclear generation during the hot summer months when they need it most. We continue to push for improvement and overall consistency in fleet performance. Safety is always first. We also focus closely on reliability and efficiency metrics such as capacity factors and operating costs per megawatt hour. We are leveraging best practices and making additional investments in our nuclear fleet to optimize safety, reliability and efficiency. I want to take a moment to provide a few updates on our Commercial Power and International Operations. In late August, Duke Energy Ohio filed a request with the Ohio Commission to establish a charge for its cost to providing capacity services in PJM, consistent with the new state compensation mechanism. This filing also included a request for deferral treatment of the differences between our cost base capacity charge and the PJM market prices from August 2012 through May 2015. This filing does not seek to alter the Electric Security Plan under which Duke Energy Ohio is currently operating. A procedural schedule has been established for the capacity filing. It currently includes a hearing date of April 2, 2013. We have filed a motion with the Ohio Commission requesting an expedited schedule. Our current focus is on obtaining approval of this cost base capacity compensation mechanism. Gaining necessary clarity on this capacity filing will inform any long-term strategic decisions related to this asset portfolio. The renewable portion of our Commercial Power portfolio continues to grow. We project a total renewable capacity of around 2,000 megawatts in service by the end of this year. Earlier this year, we finalized a joint venture agreement with Sumitomo on 2 of our Kansas renewable wind projects, Cimarron II and Ironwood. Both are already in service. As for our International business, it continues to perform very well. This business has provided reliable earnings over time. You may recall that Brazil represents half of the earnings from our International business. In September, the President of Brazil proposed a program to reduce electricity tariffs by an average of around 20%. This is tied to concessions scheduled to expire in 2015 and 2017. We anticipate this program will be finalized in early 2013. The program, if approved, is not expected to impact our Brazilian assets in the short term because our concession agreements expire in 2029 and 2033. Additionally, our assets are almost fully contracted through 2014 and around 60% committed in 2015 and 2016. We will continue to monitor this development and potential impact on market prices as we pursue additional contracting for our generation fleet. In summary, we're off to a great start as a combined company. It shows in our financial performance, it shows in the savings we've delivered to our customers from day 1 and it shows in the way our employees have focused on performing their work. I appreciate and am thankful for their laser focus on excellence in all they do. Now I'll turn it over to Lynn who will provide a more detailed look at our financial performance with the third quarter and going forward.
Lynn J. Good: Thank you, Jim. I will begin with an overview of Duke Energy's third quarter earnings results for each of its business segments, an update on retail customer volume trends in economic conditions, as well as our financial objectives going forward. As summarized on Slide 11, for the third quarter of 2012, we announced adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.47, slightly lower than the $1.50 for third quarter 2011. However, it's important to remember that our prior year results included $0.12 of favorable weather. Even though weather was favorable this year, it was not at the same level we experienced in 2011. This quarter is also the first period that reflects Progress Energy's results in our financial statements. Also remember that last year's results have been adjusted to reflect the 1-for-3 reverse stock split that occurred just prior to the merger closing. On a reported basis, our earnings for the quarter were $0.85 per share as compared to $1.06 per share for the prior year quarter. These reported results for the third quarter 2012 include $0.17 of impairment charges related to the estimated cost increases at Edwardsport and merger-related costs of around $0.42. These charges are considered special items and, therefore, have been excluded from our quarterly adjusted EPS. The merger-related costs consists of employee severance costs, costs related to the interim and permanent FERC mitigation plan, concessions agreed to with the Carolinas commissions in order to receive merger approval and merger transaction costs. Let me briefly discuss the primary adjusted earnings per share drivers for each of our business segments. Adjusted earnings at our regulated business, U.S. Franchised Electric and Gas, were $0.62 higher than the prior year quarter, primarily due to the addition of the former Progress Energy regulated utility operations in the Carolinas and Florida. Updated customer pricing, including the implementation of revised customer rates at Duke Energy Carolinas, also contributed to USFE&G's increase in quarterly results by $0.12 per share. These favorable drivers were partially offset by less favorable weather. Duke Energy International's results for the quarter were $0.02 lower due primarily to unfavorable exchange rates in Brazil. As expected, Commercial Power's results were $0.06 lower than the prior year quarter, primarily due to implementation of the new market-based Electric Security Plan in Ohio. Our nonregulated Midwest gas generating fleet realized the lower PJM capacity revenues as the market-based price fell from $110 per megawatt day in the prior year quarter to $16 per megawatt day in the current quarter. Due to continued low natural gas prices, this gas-fired fleet continued operating at record generating levels. Actual generation for the quarter was around 35% higher than the prior year quarter. Other financial drivers for the quarter included dilution of $0.54 for the quarter-over-quarter impact on EPS resulting from the issuance of additional shares in connection with the merger, and $0.05 of additional interest expense on Progress Energy holding company debt. As you will recall, we issued around 258 million shares to former holders of Progress Energy common stock and now have around 700 million shares of Duke Energy outstanding. An important consideration as you evaluate our year-to-date EPS results is that the weighted average number of shares outstanding will increase from the current year-to-date average of 531 million to 575 million shares for full year 2012. Slide 12 presents both our quarter-over-quarter weather-normalized customer usage trends as well as what we are experiencing on a rolling 12-month basis for our regulated business. This chart includes trends for the Progress Energy utilities compared to what they experienced last year. Trends for the third quarter show residential and industrial demand down from the prior year quarter. Since volume trends in any single quarter can be difficult to evaluate, we have also included 12-month rolling average volume trends as a point of comparison. Over the 12-month horizon, total weather-normalized load is slightly higher, with growth seen in all major customer classes. For residential customers, we continue to experience growth in the number of customers in each of our service territories. In fact, the average number of residential customers has increased by around 50,000 or 0.7% over last year's quarter. This growth is around double what we experienced at this time last year. However, average usage for residential customer continues to trend modestly lower as a result of the challenging economy and energy efficiency efforts. Industrial demand reflects recent weakness in primary metals in the Midwest, the chemicals sector and textile customers in the Carolinas. The automotive sector remains strong. We entered the year expecting overall load growth to be less than 1% over the prior year. Our actual experience to date has generally met expectations, although customer usage patterns continue to be hampered by the economic uncertainty. Despite improvements in national unemployment, home sales and retail sales, U.S. fiscal policy and the European situation leave us cautious about the strength of future growth. We believe our service territories are well positioned and remain attractive for the long term. However, we are planning our business for an environment of very modest load growth until we see greater economic stability. As Bob highlighted during his opening comments, we will hold our analyst meeting in late February in New York. During that meeting, we will discuss our overall business strategy, our 2013 earnings guidance range, CapEx and financing assumptions. You will also have the opportunity to hear from our executive team on focus areas and their businesses. During this meeting, we will discuss our long-term earnings growth objectives for the new combined company. We continue to target a long-term earnings growth range of 4% to 6% in adjusted diluted earnings per share and have determined that 2013, the first full year for the combined company, represents an appropriate base for future growth. Our long-term earnings growth potential remains strong and will continue to be anchored by investments in the regulated businesses; weather-normalized load growth; reaching reasonable regulatory outcomes, particularly in the Carolinas and in Ohio; achieving merger integration benefits and synergies; managing our costs, including emergent work related to our nuclear fleet and the addition of new resources; and continued contributions from our commercial businesses. We have included on Slide 13 an overview of the primary earnings drivers we expect in each of these areas for 2013. Continued growth in the regulated businesses and our ability to harvest merger synergies will help us mitigate the decline in PJM capacity revenues impacting our nonregulated Midwest generation. Our detailed planning for 2013 and beyond continues, and we look forward to discussing our strategic plan in further detail during our analyst meeting in late February. I will close with Slide 14 which addresses our main financial objectives. We remain on track to achieve our 2012 earnings guidance in the range of $4.20 to $4.35 per share, adjusted for the 1-for-3 reverse stock split. In addition to growth in our long-term earnings per share, continued growth in the dividend remained central to our investor value proposition. We are targeting a payout ratio of 65% to 70% based on adjusted diluted earnings per share. Our current dividend yield of 4.9% remains attractive compared to the S&P and the current low interest rate environment. The strength of our balance sheet, liquidity and credit metrics support our ability to grow the business as well as the dividend. We remain committed to maintaining this financial strength, which allows us to finance our growth in a cost-effective manner, directly benefiting our customers. In summary, I'm pleased with our quarterly financial performance and how we hit the ground running as the new Duke Energy. We have a strong growth platform as efficiencies from the merger allow us to pass along savings to our customers and shareholders. From a financial perspective, we remain very well positioned for the future. Now let me turn the call back over to Jim for closing comments.
James E. Rogers: Thanks, Lynn. Before taking your questions, I want to emphasize again how proud I am of our employees. We're now 4 months past merger close and they haven't missed a beat in delivering on our mission. They have an extraordinary get-it-done mentality. We are facing our challenges as one team. We know what we need to do and we're doing it. We are determined to realize our vision of the new Duke Energy, turning our scale and diversity of assets into sustained performance and greater value. Needless to say, we appreciate your interest and investment in Duke Energy. With that, let's open up the phone lines for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. First, we're 9 months through the year, and I think if I've done the math correctly, and please forgive me if I haven't, you've had operating earnings of $374 million year-to-date. Can you give us any visibility into where you think you'll be within your $4.20 to $4.35 guidance range for the year, given we've just got a quarter to go?
Lynn J. Good: Greg, it's a good question, and we're leaving the range at $4.20 to $4.35. As we continue to put the companies together, we've got merger integration that we're focusing on, and we just think that's an appropriate place to be at this point. But as we've said, we're very pleased with where we are. We think the quarter was very strong, and the team is working hard on the fourth quarter.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And when I look at the drivers you've given us for next year, there's nothing in there that I think looks surprising or new relative to things that you've talked about as structural drivers before. Is it fair to think about 2013 in some ways as a transition year because the merger closed 6 months later than you expected, so merger synergies will come in a little bit later than expected, you don't get the retail rate hikes until later in the year. If I think about the annualized drivers as they roll into '14, if you're successful, it seems like you have a lot more operating leverage in revenue growth potential in '14 relative to sort of just getting started with getting things working in your favor in '13. Is that fair?
Lynn J. Good: Greg, I think 2013 is an important year. And after giving it lots of consideration, we think it's an appropriate base for growth. As you mentioned, we will have some partial year benefits. The rate cases will be a partial year. Synergies will not be at a full run rate. But I think the drivers of some of the capture here should give you a good indication of where we see '13 and then annualization into '14 would be an appropriate consideration, but we'll have more on '13 in February.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Do you think that your 2014 numbers will be better than '13, the same, worse?
Lynn J. Good: Greg, we're going to do guidance in February and talk about '13 and the long-term growth rate. That's as far as I can go at this point.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: You can't fault me for trying.
Lynn J. Good: I know, I know. I know.
Operator: And our next question comes from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Maybe I'm going to try and carry on with Greg trying to front-run the Analyst Day a little bit. But with all the generation investments kind of getting toward the end of completion, what do you guys see bucketing as being kind of the next major wave of investments the utilities need to make from a system maintenance reliability perspective?
Lynn J. Good: Greg, I'll take a shot. Jim may have some other things to add. We still have some generation to complete, so the Sutton plant is scheduled to go in service in 2013. We also have environmental spending for the coal fleet that will continue. We have nuclear investment that we foresee not only in the existing kind of fleet, but also to address Fukushimas as we go forward. And we're always looking for ways to modernize the T&D system. As you know, we're in the midst of a smart grid rollout in Ohio. That remains a potential opportunity for distribution automation in our other jurisdictions. So those are the things I would point to.
James E. Rogers: That's a great list, Lynn.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then I guess if you're going to look at the kind of the demand growth, I know you guys have been more cautious on recovery than a lot of other companies have been so far. Do you need to see demand growth better than kind of this 1% a year normalized to support that 4 to 6? Or how do you think you're going to be able to kind of hit those targets relative to maybe a rate filing strategy going forward?
Lynn J. Good: Dan, we are planning the business for very modest growth. So we were at less than 1% this year. I think 1% or less is a good planning assumption going forward. And in recognition of that, we are focused on costs that are consistent with that environment. And so I think that, at least for the near-term, is the new normal we're working with.
James E. Rogers: Let me just add to that. I think Lynn said that well, but I would underscore the point that we're going to have to kind of think through what the new cost paradigm needs to be in a world where the demand growth is 1% or less. And I think that's a practical thought. I think our company, compared to others, is probably ahead in the modernization of our generation fleet, and that's really going to drive our earnings over the next year or so. And all the other things that Lynn listed will also be drivers of earnings growth. But I think it has to -- we have to achieve superior growth through O&M control and changing the cost paradigm. I think that's an imperative. And this combination has been a great catalyst to us being able to do that.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Jim, when you sit down and go through these rate cases, do you think you need to go either to the commissions or to the legislatures and evaluate things like a decoupling or some other source of more structural mechanisms or regulatory policy perspective if demand growth is going to kind of stay at the sustained lower level?
James E. Rogers: No, Dan, I agree with that in this way: I believe that if you look in all the states that we operate in, moving toward more of a formula rate approach, very similar to what they have in Alabama, for instance, and a formula rate approach is the right direction to go in over the next decade for a variety of reasons. One is, is to really deal with the modernization of T&D and continued modernization of our fleet to also address the issue of slow growth in demand. But more importantly, I think it gives us credibility with our customers if we have formula rates with respect to investing in their homes and businesses to help them have -- to reduce their usage. So I think that puts us in a stronger position on the other side of the meter. So there's multiple reasons, all good public policy reasons, to move toward a formula rate approach over the next decade.
Operator: And our next question is from Steve Fleishman with Bank of America.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Let's see. First, could you just give a little more clarification of this agreement that you mentioned and with the staff in North Carolina on delaying the rate case there and getting deferral treatment? How long would that deferral treatment be in place, and when would it start?
Lynn J. Good: So Steve, what we have agreed to do is shift the filing of the case, really in recognition of the work load that the staff has in addressing the Dominion case, the Progress case and the Duke following. And in connection with that shift, we'll be filing to defer O&M depreciation return on Cliffside and Dan River and then put that deferral into rates over a 5-year period. So this -- there's been precedent in the Carolinas for these deferral filings as you're trying to synchronize an in-service for the rate increase. So we have done this in previous cases. We did it for our Buck plant, for example. And so this is just part of trying to synchronize cost -- incurring costs with the rate mechanism.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And just when is, like, in-service versus when you'd actually be getting rates, how long a deferral period is that?
Lynn J. Good: We're talking about a month. So in-service by the end of '12, roughly, and then rates would be in effect sometime later in '13.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then one of the drivers you mentioned for '13 is growth in the USFE&G wholesale business?
Lynn J. Good: Yes.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Could you talk a little about what growth you're expecting there?
Lynn J. Good: And so -- see, we gave a little visibility to this as we provided guidance for 2012. So it's the addition of customers, extension of contracts in both the Duke service territories -- historic legacy Duke, as well as the legacy Progress territory. So one that I would point to would be the co-ops in South Carolina. So this is a continuation of what we shared with you in 2011.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And just -- I know you won't answer this question, but just for some color on -- I think you mentioned that 2013 is an important year, but I think in meetings a few months ago, you also talked about it as being a transition year. And as I think about a 4% to 6% growth rate off of it, if it is still a transition year, you're not -- in theory, you're not -- you're actually growing less than that because you're off a base that was still transitioning. So maybe is 2013 a transition year or an important year?
Lynn J. Good: Greg -- Steve, I want to say Greg because I think this transition year has taken on a life with certain investors and analysts. And I'm not trying to signal anything specific on transition or otherwise. We think 2013 is the first full year of the combined company. We've had 6 months to get things started, but we are not at a ramp rate on the merger synergies. And so we believe that represents a good starting point for the company and provides an appropriate base for us to grow on. And so, Greg -- or Steve, I don't know how to respond to the notion of transition or otherwise, just highlighting the items that I've talked about.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Really 2 questions. Real quickly, just trying to think about O&M pressures. Now I know merger synergies, and you'll disclose merger synergy savings levels at the Analyst Day in February, but when you think about things that could offset that, meaning O&M pressures, could you give a kind of a handful of what O&M pressure points could exist within your various businesses?
James E. Rogers: Let me start and then Lynn can add to that. As we add new plants, that will increase O&M, but that will be offset by the retiring of plants. So there will be a netting out that will go on there. Fukushima costs that Lynn mentioned a moment ago, these incremental costs -- and they could be up to $100 million a year, these costs could be a pressure with respect to O&M. But Michael, the way I think about it is, the one thing that we've really been able to do well -- and we have roughly $6 billion in O&M every year, what we really have been able to do well over the last several years is really use the cost lever to hit the numbers. And I think that we're going to continue to do that going forward even though there'll be pressure on us from the bringing on of new plants, the increased nuclear cost. Lynn, how do you think about that?
Lynn J. Good: I think those are a couple of good examples, Michael. Another one that I know a number of focus on are things like pension costs. In a low interest rate environment, that also can be a bit of a headwind. But I think as Jim indicated, we are looking at the total complexion of our O&M. The synergies gave us a great opportunity to identify areas we can save costs, and we're looking for ways to maintain a very modest trajectory in O&M growth as we go forward to really match what we see as top line growth potential.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Wanted to follow up the Indiana-related, just trying to think about the process going forward. So you've got the settlement that's been sitting in front of the IURC on Edwardsport for a number of months. When do you think the commission there rules on that settlement and, therefore, when do things go into place as part of that settlement? And then when do you file again for kind of final cost recovery on Edwardsport?
Lynn J. Good: So Michael, we're optimistic that the commission will approve the settlement by the end of the year. There's no specific procedural schedule that would indicate that they must, but we're optimistic that they will rule by the end of the year. And then we have trackers, as you know, in Indiana that would be considered along with the settlement. And the trackers would, first of all, put into rates the return on the invested capital and then we would -- we are intending to file a tracker to pick up in-service, which would be the O&M and depreciation. So those will be filings, the in-service filing will occur shortly, and the other trackers are already under consideration by the Commission.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. But can you give a little highlight of just if the Commission approves the settlement, that would go into effect beginning of 2013 timeframe. When would the next potential revenue change related to Edwardsport likely occur?
Lynn J. Good: Probably, I would say, a quarter or 2 following in 2013. Michael, the procedural schedule on these trackers are every 6 months typically.
Operator: And next is Hugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions, the first one on Brazil. You mentioned on Slide 10 that these 20% cuts on electricity rates will be expected to be finalized in early '13. You're protected in the short term by the contract's structure, by the maturity of your contracts in Brazil. What is the maximum potential revenue and earnings impact, however, once these existing contracts are renewed at the new rates?
Lynn J. Good: Hugh, we're not in a position to estimate this at this point. I think a couple of things need to happen. First of all, the program needs to be approved, and that's going -- that's scheduled to occur in 2013. And then we'll have to evaluate how that impacts market prices. And this is not the only item that would impact market prices. There's supply, demand, there are new resources coming on in Brazil. As you know, they have increased growth in demand of electricity. Hydrological conditions could impact prices as well. So we need to step back and evaluate all of these things before we can give you any clarity on impact.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And I imagine that will be part of the Analyst Day there?
Lynn J. Good: We'll certainly update you in February. And I think this will be ongoing as we see how these rules are finalized.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Good. The second question is on Edwardsport. You mentioned that you've produced syngas at one of the gasifiers, you've produced electricity. Did that test show that gasifier and the combined cycle gas turbine's operating at design capacity, or was there any shortfall from design expectations?
James E. Rogers: Let me, if I may, turn to Jeff Lyash to address that.
Jeffrey J. Lyash: Yes, thank you, Jim. As you may know, we've been through the power island and fully tested it on natural gas, both combustion turbines and the steam turbine generator. In the last few weeks, we've put gasifier #1 in service, successfully produced very high quality syngas and used that syngas in the first of the 2 combustion turbines to produce up to about 115 megawatts. And that testing, so far, has gone very well. While we've experienced some equipment infant-mortality-failure-type issues, we've seen nothing that calls into question the robustness or the viability of the design. The test program is going pretty much as expected at this point.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Great. If you permit me, can you make any comments on your success to date in reducing your fuel costs on the Carolinas to offset the $650 million rate reduction that you've committed to?
Lynn J. Good: Yes. Hugh, we are on track and see success not only in generating joint dispatch savings, but also in fuel flexibility. I think for the first quarter through September, we'll be filing in the next week some specifics on that first quarter impact. You'll have an opportunity to see that when it's filed. We'd expect the joint dispatch savings to ramp up over time, and similarly fuel. We have about 65% of our commitment on fuel under contract at this point and that, as we burn the coal, that will then flow to customers.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wondered if you could talk a little bit about your sense of the likely sort of regulatory and political climate in North Carolina after the elections that we just saw, just any general sense as a result of the election, thinking about the governor and just some of the changes there?
James E. Rogers: I'd make a couple of observations and one is, is that what you have seen is a significant -- I mean, the Republicans controlled both the House and the Senate. They picked up several seats in the Senate. They now have close to super majority in the House, and this is the first Republican governor in 20 years, and he won by over 10%. So I think that they're putting -- this new administration is going to come in and they have a lot of work to do. They don't have the same deep bench of people to pull from because they've been out of power in Raleigh for 20 years. But my belief is, is that Pat McCrory will do a good job of pulling talent from around the state into Raleigh to really create kind of a world-class administration. And so we're very happy that he's been elected and proud of the fact that he's from Charlotte, and he was our mayor for 14 years. He is the first governor from Charlotte that's ever been elected.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And I just wanted to switch gears very quickly to confirm on Brazil. You don't anticipate any changes to the existing contracts, existing hedges you have as the proposed -- [Audio Gap]
Operator: Our next question is from Kit Konolige with BGC.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Totally different question for you, Jim. I saw a report, it's a publication called POLITICO, that you're being considered as the next Secretary of Energy when Steven Chu leaves. So what can you tell us about that?
James E. Rogers: Well, the only thing I can tell you is, since 1990, people have been trying to promote me out of this job into the government, and they've been unsuccessful. So I have a mission here to complete of integrating these 2 teams. I'm focused on that. I'm flattered that they would consider me for that lower paying job. But I think my wife would weigh in and say, "Get the money and focus on Duke." So I think that's how I'm thinking about it.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then, Lynn, just to beat this dead horse a little bit more on when you were talking about the '13 drivers, I think I heard you call out the capacity revenues as something you cited among the drivers as a negative. And then I wrote down that you said that merger synergies would help offset that. So should we be looking at any of these items in particular as more or less important than the others?
Lynn J. Good: Kit, as I look at Slide 13, we try to give you positive and negative impact in the quarter. I would point to rate cases, I'd point to synergies, I'd point to costs as being important items. Certainly, the economy is something that we'll be focused on. So I'm not intending to give relative magnitude on any of them at this point. We'll give you a full discussion in February. But there are a number of important items on this page.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Okay, fine. And finally, any update -- do you guys have a sense of when this Jenner & Block report is likely to be out, and any further sense of timing on moving forward with the Commission's concerns in North Carolina over the CEO transition?
James E. Rogers: As you know, this investigation is ongoing. We are cooperating with the North Carolina Commission and Jenner & Block. We're keeping open communications with the parties, and we're working our way through this. And I'm hopeful that we can find a way to work our way through this in a way that is -- creates value for both our customers as well as our investors.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: And but no sense of timing on when we might be able to move forward from that, Jim?
James E. Rogers: It's just hard to zero in on the exact timing, but we're working our way through it. And I think everybody's intent is to do their best to get through this and get it behind us one way or another as soon as possible.
Operator: And next is Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Jim or Lynn, going back to your dividend payout target, 65% to 70%. If I take the '12 guidance and your current dividend, you are at or slightly above that range right now. So is it fair to assume that if earnings are going to grow 4% to 6%, dividend growth should be somewhat south of that?
Lynn J. Good: Ali, we've been growing the dividend at 2% really since 2009 to bring ourselves into the payout ratio. As we look forward, we'll be balancing that dividend policy with capital spending and growth aspirations, and we'll give you more specifics on dividend in February. But we're committed to growing it. It's an important part of our value proposition, and we're focused on growth into the future.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And separately, can you remind us your earnings sensitivity? A 1% change in load growth, roughly, what does that do to the bottom line?
Lynn J. Good: It's $100 million of net income.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: $100 million of net income.
Lynn J. Good: Yes.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Got it. And last question, Jim, for you, assuming the Edwardsport settlement is approved and you go forward, given the cost escalations, et cetera, in retrospect from a financial perspective, ROE-owned perspective, how would you grade that project and that investment when all is said and done?
James E. Rogers: I think if you look back on the project, I mean, once you -- 2 ways to look at it. If you look at the total cost of the project and you look at a return on invested capital, it clearly is greater than our cost of capital. So it's net positive from that standpoint. The minute this plant is completed and in rate base, they will be earning at whatever our ROE is at the time and in the future, which now would be 10.5%.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So you wanted the escalation? You think it was all worth it at the end?
James E. Rogers: I do. And I think we will appreciate the value of that plant more as the years go on, and it's a great hedge. I mean, first, it's the most efficient coal plant in the world, and we will appreciate the value of that plant more and more in the future because gas prices are low today, whether you look out over the 40-year life of that plant, can you expect them to be $4 to $5 for 40 years, and to pick up on Ben Franklin who used to say, "There are only 2 things in life that are certain, death and taxes," I would add a third certainty to that, and that is the volatility of the price of natural gas. So I think this becomes a great hedge against natural gas prices in the future.
Lynn J. Good: Ali, I'd like to jump back in on sensitivity on 1%. I misspoke. It's $100 million pretax, $65 million net income.
Operator: And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I will turn the conference back to Mr. Jim Rogers for any additional or closing remarks.
James E. Rogers: Thank you, all, again, for participating in our call today. We look forward to seeing those of you-all who will be at the EEI Financial Conference in Phoenix next week. Again, thank you very much for investing in Duke Energy.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: James E. Rogers - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Lynn J. Good - Chief Financial Officer and Group Executive
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Kit Konolige
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Duke Energy Second Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Bob Brennan [ph], Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Unknown Executive: Thank you, Nancy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Duke Energy's second quarter 2012 earnings review and business update. Leading our discussion today are Jim Rogers, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Lynn Good, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During the course of this call, we will discuss the company's strategic objectives, the status of our merger integration efforts and its financial impacts, an update on Crystal River 3 and our other major construction projects, and our results for the second quarter and outlook for 2012. After the prepared remarks, we'll welcome your questions. Today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. You should refer to the information in our 2011 10-K and other SEC filings concerning factors that could cause future results to differ from this forward-looking information. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website and in today's materials. Please note that the appendix to the presentation materials includes supplemental information for Progress Energy's second quarter earnings and additional disclosures to help you analyze Duke Energy's performance. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim Rogers.
James E. Rogers: Thank you, Bob. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us on the call this morning. We appreciate your interest and investment in Duke Energy. As you saw in our release from earlier today, Duke Energy announced adjusted diluted EPS of $1.02 for the second quarter of 2012, $0.03 higher than our prior-year quarterly results of $0.99. These results exceeded consensus estimates and we continue to be on track to achieve our guidance range for 2012 of $4.20 to $4.35 per share. This range represents 6 months of Duke on a stand-alone basis and 6 months as a combined company with Progress. After 18 months of hard work, we closed our merger on July 2. The strategic value of this transaction remains unchanged. The combination creates a new Duke with unmatched financial and operational scale and scope. The highly regulated business mix of the combined company supports the strength and growth of our dividend. We have a strong balance sheet that will allow us to manage through a time of transition in the utility industry. Slide 4 illustrates our clear focus as a combined company. Our goals have not changed. We will continue our strong track record of meeting our financial commitments. We will complete our major construction projects to provide clean, reliable energy to our customers. We will continue to focus on the efficient, safe and excellent performance of our fleet and our electric grid. And finally, we will work constructively with regulators in each of our jurisdictions. Let me highlight North Carolina and Florida. As many of you know, the sequence of events following the merger closing prompted the North Carolina Utilities Commission to schedule hearings about the unanticipated change in executive leadership. We presented testimony explaining the reasons behind the change. At the close of the hearing, before the North Carolina Utilities Commission, Chairman Finley mentioned the prospects for settlement. We are exploring the potential for an acceptable resolution. We are also working as a team to resolve Crystal River 3 in a way that meets the needs of our Florida customers, regulators and our investors. I've been asked to appear in front of the Florida commission on August 13 to discuss how the merger impacts our customers in Florida. I look forward to reaffirming our commitment to our customers in Florida. We have much work to do. Our deep bench of experience and talented leaders will keep us focused on the success of the new company. I'd like to highlight a few of our recent appointments as I turn to Slide 5. Keith Trent has assumed the role of Executive VP of our regulated utilities. This is a familiar role for Keith, as he previously led Duke's regulated utility business from '06 to 2009. Keith and his team, including our state presidents, will be focused on our regulatory relationships in each of our 6 regulated jurisdictions, as well as on the federal level. Chuck Whitlock has stepped in to lead our commercial businesses. Chuck has served as President of our Midwest generation fleet since 2009 and has over 12 years of service to Duke Energy or its predecessors. He and his team's significant experience in commercial markets will provide strong leadership for this business. Also, Lee Mazzocchi has been named to lead our integration efforts and will report directly to me. Lee has demonstrated strong execution skills and leadership abilities, and previously served as Progress's Chief Procurement Officer. Lee and his team will ensure the organization is keenly focused on achieving the merger benefits. The IT and supply chain's functions will now report to Lynn Good, and other administrative functions will report to our Chief Human Resources Officer, Jennifer Weber. Delivering the benefits of this merger for our customers and our investors is a key focus of our employees and our leadership team. Merger integration planning has been underway since we announced the merger in January 2011. Integration planning teams worked hard and put us in a great position for day 1 of the combined company. Key processes and systems were in place and up and running on July 2 to allow us to operate as one company. The integration teams have identified more than 600 savings opportunities. Accountability for these initiatives has been assigned to each of our Executive Vice Presidents and their respective organization. The integration team, led by Lee, is responsible for monitoring and reporting on the status on these initiatives. Our merger savings opportunities fall into 2 broad categories. The first is non-fuel O&M savings, which over time will benefit all customers and investors. The second is fuel and joint dispatch savings, which will immediately benefit our Carolinas customers. Let me update you on our non-fuel O&M savings opportunities before discussing our fuel and joint dispatch savings. When we announced the merger, we targeted a savings run rate in the range of 5% to 7% of total non-fuel O&M. This level of savings continues to be within our overall planning assumptions of combined O&M of around $6 billion. Consistent with our plans, we expect to achieve the full run rate of savings by 2014. Slide 6 includes a pie chart showing the broad categories of O&M savings opportunities we are projecting. Around 70% relate to consolidation of redundant functions, including labor savings and consolidation of IT systems. We are well on our way in both of these areas. Around 1,100 employees across the organization have accepted our Voluntary Severance Program. Depending on their job function, these employees will transition their roles and leave the companies at varying points within the next 15 months. We expect over half of these employees will leave the company by the end of 2012 as we begin consolidating corporate functions. We expect to achieve the remaining targeted labor reductions by 2014 by not filling some of our current vacancies and through normal attrition. We expect to consolidate duplicate IT systems into single platforms, leveraging investments made by Duke Energy to build scalable IT systems. 19 projects were completed in connection with legal day 1 and 55 more will be underway by the end of 2012. The remaining savings will come from implementing operational best practices, such as common operating models, centralized support organizations and standardized work practices. In addition, we expect supply chain and purchasing benefits that come from increased size and scale. Some of these have already been put in place. Slide 7 shows you our progress in realizing fuel and joint dispatch savings. Beginning on day 1 of the merger, we are jointly dispatching generating fleets to the Carolinas. In fact, yesterday, we filed a request with the Carolinas commissions to reduce customers' rates by around $89 million over the next 12 months. This will allow our Carolinas customers to begin receiving benefits in their bills as early as this fall. We have guaranteed a minimum of $650 million in joint dispatch and fuel savings over the first 5 years after merger close. We also have an additional 18 months of timing flexibility if we determine we're unable to achieve the savings within 5 years due to the impact of low natural gas prices on gas consumption. We are confident in our ability to achieve this level of savings. Fuel savings are expected to be achieved primarily through coal blending and coal purchasing efficiencies, which result in enhanced buying power and reduced coal transportation costs. Just over 60% of the projected fuel savings are already under contract. Jeff Lyash and his team have been closely monitoring the joint dispatch savings. On a typical day, we move more than 1,000 megawatts between Duke Energy Carolinas and Progress Energy Carolinas. Every megawatt-hour that flows between these systems represents savings for our customers. This success results from outstanding teamwork and is happening without sacrificing reliability during some of the recent hot weather. We feel good about where we are from an integration perspective and will work hard to deliver on the level of savings we expected to result from this transaction. I want to recognize our employees, nearly 30,000 strong, who have remained dedicated to their work and to achieving quick results. I am pleased with how our people are working together. We look to finalize the remainder of the organization very shortly. We're operating as one team, one company, united in our mission to deliver value and benefits to our customers, investors and the communities we serve. Turning to Slide 8, I want to take a few minutes to discuss where we are with Crystal River 3. Many of you recall that in late 2009, Crystal River 3 experienced a delamination of its containment structure and has remained out of service since that time. The delamination was repaired. Then in March 2011, a second delamination occurred during re-tensioning of the structure. Throughout 2011 and 2012, work has been underway to refine and advance engineering on a potential repair solution. We are also pursuing insurance recovery from NEIL, a mutual insurance company that provides coverage to the nuclear industry. In February 2012, a settlement agreement was approved by the Florida Public Service Commission which outlines a framework for regulatory treatment of either a decision to repair or retire the unit. Let me give you an update on 3 critical items: one, the status of the technical repair option; two, the status of ongoing discussions with NEIL; and finally, our decision process on the best way to move forward with Crystal River 3. Work continues on the technical repair option, which involves removing and replacing concrete in substantial portions of the structure. Over the last year, progress has been made on the engineering and vendor selection required for the repair option. Refinement of the engineering and the associated risk assessment for the repair option continues, including completion of an independent technical review initiated by the Duke board. Based on the preliminary results of this independent review, the repair plan appears to be technically feasible, but issues remain that need to be resolved as the engineering and risk assessment continues. As of June 2011, repair costs were estimated at between $900 million to $1.3 billion based upon preliminary engineering. These estimates are under continuing review, and while this process has not yet been finalized, the cost estimate is trending higher. Let me move to insurance coverage. Insurance coverage related to repair costs and incremental costs of replacement power is held through NEIL. There are a few important points to note. First, this is the largest claim that NEIL has received in its history. NEIL has established a special committee to carefully evaluate the claim. Second, related to the first delamination, NEIL has made payments, but has withheld a payment of approximately $7 million, the majority of which related to replacement power cost. We expect these costs will be recoverable through the fuel clause in Florida. Further, NEIL has not made any payments on the second delamination. NEIL has also not yet provided a final written coverage decision for either delamination. We continue to meet with NEIL representatives. In order to attempt to resolve differences between the parties, we have entered into a non-binding mediation process with NEIL. The mediation is expected to occur in the fourth quarter. Let me highlight key next steps in our evaluation. We continue to analyze both repair and retire scenarios. Our final economic analysis and our decisions will be informed by the following factors: engineering, vendor selection, contract negotiations, risk assessments, insurance availability, insurance recovery and customer impacts. Although we recognize the importance of making a repair or retire decision by the end of 2012 under the Florida settlement agreement, we are not prepared, at this time, to set a date certain by which such decision will be made. We will continue to update you on key decisions and milestones related to our assessment as they occur. Our decisions will be made within the context of the existing and very important regulatory settlement provisions in Florida. Crystal River is a high priority for Duke, our customers and the communities that we serve. Turning now to Slide 11 (sic) [Slide 9], let me give you an update on Edwardsport in Indiana and other major construction projects in the Carolinas. The target date for placing Edwardsport IGCC plant in service has moved from early September 12 to early 2013. This is due to testing and start-up taking longer than originally expected as we work through this large, complex project. The new target date gives us more time for the remaining testing and start-up procedures to ensure that we have identified and corrected all issues prior to the in-service date. The start-up delays which have occurred today have impacted the level of contingencies related to this project. As a result, we're continuing to evaluate the estimated cost to complete the project and we'll provide updates as appropriate. We presently do not expect additional costs to be material in the overall cost of the project. We've achieved major milestones, including operation of the plant's turbines. We put power into the electric grid during testing and we expect the plant to produce power using natural gas ahead of commercial operations. More than half of all the operating systems of the plant are under the care, custody and control of the operations group, meaning they were successfully constructed, tested and ready for service. General Electric's new product introduction validation process is well underway, with both gas turbines having cleared GE's stringent process using natural gas. Validation of the gasification system is the next critical step. Related to the settlement agreement we reached with certain intervening parties in late April, hearings were completed in mid-July. The next steps include the settling parties filing a proposed order on August 17 and reply briefs to the intervenor exceptions on September 14. We expect a commission decision in the fourth quarter of this year. In the Carolinas, the Cliffside clean coal project and 3 combined cycle gas projects, Dan River, Lee and Sutton, are all on schedule and on budget. We intend to file rate cases at Duke Carolinas and Progress Carolinas later this year, requesting the recovery of Cliffside, Dan River and Lee plant. The construction of all 3 plants were authorized by the North Carolina Utilities Commission. We also expect to retire 3 of Progress Energy's Carolinas coal plants later this year: the H.F. Lee Plant, the Cape Fear Plant and Robinson Unit 1. These plants represent total capacity of approximately 900 megawatts, which is in addition to the approximate 1,700 megawatts of capacity Duke Energy Carolinas has already announced that it will retire. In our renewables business, we just completed the 130 megawatt Cimarron wind project. We have remaining projects of 640 megawatts expected to come online by the end of 2012. Now I'll turn it over to Lynn, who will provide a more detailed look at our financial performance for the quarter, as well as some perspective on Progress's second quarter results. She will also provide additional financial updates.
Lynn J. Good: Thanks, Jim. This morning, I'll begin with an overview of Duke Energy's stand-alone second quarter earnings results for each of its business segments; an update on retail customer volume trends and economic conditions; our financial objectives for 2012, including our earnings per share guidance range for the combined company; our financial objectives going forward; and finally, a few comments on Progress's quarterly results. It's important to highlight that our quarterly results do not include Progress Energy's results, as the merger closed on July 2. However, Progress will be included in our consolidated results beginning with the third quarter. As highlighted on Slide 10, Duke reported second quarter 2012 adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.02. This compares to $0.99 per share for the prior quarter. At current year and prior year earnings per share have been adjusted to reflect the 1-for-3 reverse stock split which was completed immediately prior to closing the merger with Progress in early July. Our regulated U.S. Franchised Electric and Gas segment recognized quarterly adjusted segment income that was $0.09 higher than the second quarter of 2011. This increase was primarily due to revised customer rates in the Carolinas implemented in February of this year. We also had lower O&M costs as a result of fewer major storms. We continue to closely manage our O&M costs, particularly in our fossil fleet, given the lower natural gas price environment and lower generation from our coal plants. These favorable results were partially offset by less favorable weather for the quarter as compared to the prior year. Even though cooling degree days were 18% higher than normal, this was lower than the approximate 25% variance to normal in the prior quarter. Let's move on to international, which as expected, had segment income $0.05 per share lower than the prior year quarter. International's results were negatively impacted by unfavorable pricing in Central America, as well as unfavorable foreign exchange rates during the quarter. Partially offsetting these results were favorable results in Brazil and Peru due to higher average prices. Turning our attention now to our non-regulated Commercial Power segment, adjusted segment income was fairly consistent with the prior year quarter. However, there were a few key drivers to highlight. Due largely to the implementation of our new market-based Electric Security Plan in Ohio, we entered 2012 anticipating lower results from Commercial Power. As expected, our coal generation margins were down $0.07 per share. This was largely offset by the non-bypass-able stability charge which we are collecting through the end of 2014, which added $0.05 per share. Our non-regulated Midwest gas fleet continued to generate at record volumes, as quarterly generation was around 80% higher than the prior year quarter. However, these higher volumes were offset by lower PJM capacity revenues. Let me close with a few comments about our Ohio operations. Ohio has recently approved a state compensation mechanism for FRR entities, authorizing the recovery of their cost for capacity. As you know, Duke Energy Ohio is an FRR entity through May 2015, receiving market-based payments for capacity. We are reviewing the applicability of this recent decision to Duke Energy Ohio. There have also been recent market rumors about a potential sale of our Midwest generation assets. It is not our practice to comment on market rumors of this nature. But as we have shared with you, we are evaluating strategic options for this asset portfolio, but no decisions have been made. We will continue to update you as our plans develop. Slide 11 contains our quarterly volume trends by customer class for the Carolinas, Midwest and in total, based on calculations that exclude weather impacts. For the second quarter, our overall weather-normal volumes were around 1.3% higher than the prior year period, with similar increases seen in both the Carolinas and Midwest. This increase continues to be largely supported by industrial activity, which was 2.8% higher than the prior year quarter. In the Carolinas, the automotive sectors showed strength, while textiles continued their recent weakness. The Midwest experienced strength in the heavy equipment and automotive sectors, while softness was seen in the primary and fabricated metals sectors. Our residential customer class continues to grow at a modest level. For the quarter, weather-normalized residential volumes were higher by around 0.3%, principally supported by the Carolinas. This level of growth is mostly due to an increase of approximately 20,000, or 0.5%, average residential customers in the Carolinas and Midwest. Average residential kilowatt-hour usage has remained fairly consistent to the prior year. Finally, weather-normalized volumes for our commercial customers were around 0.8% higher than the prior year quarter. Continued volatility in retail sales trends and high office vacancy rates keep growth in this sector at modest levels. Consistent with our outlook during the first quarter earnings call, we remain cautious on the overall economic recovery. As a result, we are currently expecting fairly flat weather-normalized load for 2012 compared with 2011. Before we move on to the financial impacts of the merger, let me briefly discussed Progress' results for the quarter. Progress recognized second quarter ongoing earnings per share of $0.27 compared to $0.71 in the prior year quarter. One of the largest contributing factors to these lower results was higher O&M costs of $0.23 per share, primarily due to an additional planned nuclear outage in the Carolinas. In addition, quarterly results were unfavorably impacted by weather in the Carolinas and Florida, a $0.09-per-share impact. Finally, lower costs of renewable amortization in Florida reduced earnings by $0.11 per share. We have included several earnings-related slides that you are accustomed to seeing for Progress in the appendix to today's presentation. Let's turn now to the financial impacts of the merger. In the third quarter, we expect to recognize incremental goodwill of approximately $12 billion related to the Progress transaction. Additionally, we expect accounting charges resulting from the merger of between $450 million and $550 million to be recognized primarily in the last half of this year. These charges will be treated as special items and primarily consist of employee severance costs, costs related to the interim and permanent FERC mitigation plans, concessions agreed to with the Carolina commissions in order to receive merger approval and merger transaction costs.  For the combined company, we continue to target 2012 earnings guidance in the range of $4.20 to $4.35 per share, adjusted for the 1-for-3 reverse stock split. As outlined on this slide, we expect the contribution from Progress in the last half of the year will be largely offset by the dilution from the issuance of shares in connection with the merger. Let me also highlight a few highlights of our financing plan. We have a busy financing calendar for the remainder of the year focused on funding our capital expenditures and debt maturities. In addition to about $1.3 billion of long-term financings at our Carolinas and Florida utilities, we have more than $2 billion of funding requirements planned at our holding company. Our holding company plan includes almost $1 billion of debt issued to reduce leverage at Duke Energy Ohio in connection with the pending transfer of generation assets out of the utility. This holding company needs will be met primarily with long-term taxable and tax-exempt debt, but may also include issuance of commercial paper. We will also complete non-recourse financings internationally and in our renewable energy business. Our current business plan continues to support no equity issuances through 2014. We have included further details on our assumed 2012 cash flows and financing plan in the appendix to today's presentation. I will close with Slide 13, which addresses our main financial objectives. We continue to target a long-term earnings growth range of 4% to 6% in adjusted diluted earnings per share for the combined company. The earnings growth potential of the company will continue to be anchored by investments in the regulated businesses, achieving reasonable regulatory outcomes, achieving merger integration benefits, managing our costs and continued contributions from our commercial businesses. We expect to provide more specifics on our earnings growth opportunities by early 2013. At that time, we will have completed our normal 3-year financial planning process with the new management team and Board of Directors. We also expect to have greater clarity around the timing and expected financial impacts of our rate case filings in the Carolinas by early next year. We continue to focus on growing the dividend on an annual basis with a targeted dividend payout ratio of 65% to 70% based upon adjusted diluted earnings per share. In fact, in June, we announced an approximate 2% increase to our quarterly dividend payable in September. Before I close, I would like to briefly address S&P's decision to downgrade our credit ratings last week. The rating agency cited lack of transparency and heightened regulatory risk around the CEO transition. While we were disappointed and disagree with S&P's rating action and its assessment of the company's risk profile and governance practices, we remain committed to maintaining high credit quality and constructive relationships with our rating agencies. Our balance sheet, liquidity and credit metrics continue to be strong, and both Moody's and Fitch have maintained stable outlooks for Duke Energy following the close of our merger. In summary, the size, scale and higher regulated business mix of the combined company gives us a solid base upon which to build. We expect to deliver on our commitment in order to achieve our financial objectives. Now I'll turn the call back over to Jim.
James E. Rogers: Thanks, Lynn. In summary, we are focused on our overall mission to deliver affordable, reliable and increasingly clean energy to our customers in a safe manner, while providing attractive returns to our investors. We have important work ahead of us for the remainder of the year and we know what we need to do. Our efforts will center on efficiently integrating the operations and people of the combined company; achieving the benefits to customers and investors we expected from this transaction; meeting our financial objectives of achieving our earnings guidance range, increasing our dividend and maintaining a strong balance sheet; successfully managing our generation projects and resolving Crystal River 3; filing rate cases in the Carolinas for both Duke and Progress by the end of the year; and finally, moving forward constructively with our regulators and key stakeholders. Before I open up the phone lines for your questions, let me correct one thing that I've said earlier. In talking about the first delamination, I said that NEIL has made payments but has withheld payment of approximately $70 million. I said $7 million. Maybe that was just wishful thinking, but they withheld payment of approximately $70 million, the majority of which relate to replacement power costs. With that, let's open up the phone lines for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Dan Eggers from Crédit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Jim, just -- I know you're going to probably dance around this a little bit, but as it relates to the commission's openness to some sort of settlement discussions, can you maybe give some context? Does that -- does "settlement discussion" mean a financial settlement, a corporate governance settlement, a job settlement, a Raleigh settlement? Can you just help us understand what that conversation is actually headed toward?
James E. Rogers: Dan, I'm not going to speculate on the outcome of the commission's investigation or our settlement discussions. We're going to continue to work closely and maintain an open dialogue with the commission. Chairman Finley, at the end of the hearings, offered up the possibility of a settlement and we're clearly working in that direction.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: But, Jim, can I just dumbly ask, what exactly are you guys settling, other than the fact of their investigation is to the CEO change?
James E. Rogers: I'm really, Dan, not going to address the issues that are being discussed in the settlement process, but as we get this resolved -- and our goal line is, as quickly as possible, to put this behind us and move forward, and that's the road that we're on.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then, Jim, I guess just along these awkward kind of questions, with the 2 board members leaving from the Progress side, how is the board thinking about sizing and potential replacements and any kind of view on balance relative to the legacy Duke board membership?
James E. Rogers: The decision with respect to whether to replace the members that left really resides with the corporate governance committee and ultimately with the board. And they will make that decision in the coming weeks and months. And so my hope is, as we build this great company, I want everyone at the company to be part of that going forward, and that includes our new board members.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess just as it relates to the Carolinas rate cases for both utilities this fall, or this winter, is there any thoughts on changing the timing, given all that's gone on, to give a little bit more breathing room before you head back before the commission?
James E. Rogers: Our intent, Dan, is to file our rate cases in the Carolinas by the end of the year. We expect they will address each case on its merits. I look back over the last 5 years. We've had 3 certificate cases, we have had 3 rate cases and all of them have resulted in fair outcomes. And as I look at the commission and its history, it has had a long history of fairly and equitably balancing the interest of customers and investors, and I don't expect that to change in the future.
Operator: We'll go to the next question from Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I have a quick question on -- it seems like the weakness in Progress in the first half in their numbers was largely a result of these additional nuclear outage costs. And I look back to their first quarter call, they were -- it seemed they were assuming there would be an accounting order allowing level-ization of those costs approved sometime later in the year. And when we look at your slide showing the impact of the merger in the second half, it doesn't appear that you've assumed success on an order like that, but I just wanted to verify that, that's the case or not.
Lynn J. Good: Jonathan, your recollection is right. The 2012 earnings guidance for Progress did assume a successful regulatory order. And although we're still evaluating that regulatory order around the matter of nuclear level-ization, we are presently not planning to file it in 2012. As Jim mentioned, our focus is really on the rate cases for both Duke and Progress.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So you're not even going to file that. Could you -- would you be able to tell us, Lynn, how beneficial to the 2013 outlook the absence of such an accounting structure would be as you fold in a better first half from Progress next year?
Lynn J. Good: Yes, Jonathan, the impact of nuclear level-ization in any given year is dependent upon the nuclear outages and the cost considerations and so on, so I can't give you any further insight into that. As we said, we will -- are working diligently on 2013 guidance in bringing the companies together and we'll have information around that early 2013.
Operator: We'll move next to Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: When we think about O&M synergies, the 5% to 7% off of a $6-billion base, is it safe to assume that kind of just for back-of-the-envelope math, you would take that $6-billion base, you would grow it by inflation or some number, and then you would subtract the midpoint, let's say, 6% of the $6 billion, to kind of get to a -- what would be a normalized post-merger run rate for O&M?
Lynn J. Good: Michael, I'm not sure I followed all of that math, but I do think you should consider inflation. As you think about projecting costs into the future, I think you should consider new resources that we bring into the mix. And the 5% to 7% is kind of an industry average of what companies have been able to accomplish. We're going aggressively after that and we'll have more specifics on the impact on '13 and beyond as we give you more visibility into our guidance.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. One other question. Indiana. Does the delay in the in-service date, early 2013 for Edwardsport, does that delay your impact of the timing, not just of the settlement that's been reached to date, but also the timing of rate increases related to Edwardsport and even kind of filing a true-up case down the road?
Lynn J. Good: Michael, I don't believe so. We have -- we're working on the settlement and the construct of the settlement which would have us placing into rates, first of all, the return on the agreed-to amount of capital investment and then subsequently placing the plant into service under a rider with depreciation and O&M. We've agreed to a stay-out on the general base rate case but that would be through a filing date of '13. So I don't see those dates changing with the schedule we've talked about today.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Meaning you'd file a full case in '13 to get Edwardsport -- anything left of Edwardsport or anything else in Indiana in the rates by early 2014.
Lynn J. Good: That's correct.
Operator: We'll take the next question from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I wanted to touch base with you on the 4% to 6% growth. I know that you guys, in early July, indicated that you guys still targeted that. I know you're not giving guidance for 2013 and we're going to get more information as time goes on, but a lot has changed here with respect to just the environment in general and what we see in Progress. I'm just sort of -- like to sort of get a general sense of your level of confidence, I guess, Jim, with respect to how you feel about that 4% to 6% growth. I mean, do you feel better about it, less better about it? You've had a month now to sort of, with the integration process and what have you -- I mean, can you give us any sort of flavor for that?
James E. Rogers: Paul, my view is that we're in the process of reviewing all the numbers, working through them, but we believe that we will be able to hit that 4% to 6% growth. We're going to have to be aggressive with respect to reducing the cost and we're about that now. So more to come on that.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Okay, then there's just the capacity, the potential for, I guess, a capacity uplift, it sounds like, in Ohio. Could you give us a sense as to how that would work with respect to your recent settlement there, or just in general, how we should think about that? You mentioned it, and of course, it is a point that they did put out that order. I'm just trying to get a sense as to how we might be able to think about that.
Lynn J. Good: Paul, we're evaluating the recent rulings in Ohio. And because we are an FRR entity, we think there could be some applicability of that ruling and we'll be evaluating that. And the basic issue is that a cost-based method of recovery for capacity, in our mind, would be -- result in a greater level of earnings than the stabilization charge that we negotiated in our existing settlement in Ohio. And so we're closely looking at it, we're evaluating it and we'll have more to say as we complete that evaluation.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Could you just remind us how many megawatts you have in Ohio?
Lynn J. Good: Around 4,000.
Operator: The next question comes from Hugh Wynne from Sanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I wanted to ask a question around the nuclear operations. I think in the testimony before the North Carolina Commission, it was mentioned that the state of Progress nuclear operations was one of the factors that led to the board to kind of rethink the value of the Progress merger, and that statement seems to have been borne out by the first quarter results. I wonder if you could comment on what you perceive to be the primary operational challenges of the Progress nuclear fleet and what your plans are to rectify them.
Lynn J. Good: Hugh, I'll start really commenting on the results and then turn it to Jim for any further color. I think the results of Progress really reflect normal refueling outages for 3 plants, and what you're seeing is the difference between the number of outages in 2012 versus 2011. There were 3 outages in the first half of '12, one outage in the first half of '11. So our focus on nuclear spending, investment capital, O&M is something that we're working through. It's in connection with our normal planning cycle and we'll be reflecting what we believe is appropriate spending across our entire fleet as we look to the years ahead.
James E. Rogers: And I would address it by simply reflecting on the testimony that was given earlier. We had seen over the last 18 months a deterioration in the operation of the fleet. And one of our missions is to basically invest in the fleet, change the operation of the fleet in a way to allow us to return all those plants to excellence, and that's the mission we are on. Dhiaa Jamil is leading that effort. He has been to all the facilities. They're working together and I have great belief, as we have one of the largest fleets in the country with 11 different units located geographically just in the Carolinas, which is kind of a unique footprint to have all the plants so close together, that we will be able to invest more in the plants that need more investment, but at the same time save cost because we're operating on a fleet basis. So that's something, I think, that at the end of the day, our focus is always on safe and reliable operation of the fleet, and doing it in a cost-effective way is what we plan to do.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I also had a question, if you don't mind, on Edwardsport. Given your coal supply contract at Edwardsport and the currently prevailing forward price curves for natural gas, do you expect the combined cycle gas turbine at that plant to operate on synthesis gas from the gasifier? Or would you expect to dispatch it using pipeline natural gas?
James E. Rogers: In that, until we get through the validation process on the gas processor, I mean, we will be primarily focused at using natural gas. That plant has the ability to use syngas or natural gas. In this interim period, while we are going through that validation process, we will run the unit on natural gas. And then when we finish, we will connect the gasifier and produce natural gas because it will be one of the cleanest, most efficient coal plants in the world.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: All right. Are there going to be any difficulties, however, I guess is what I'm trying to get at, with respect to fuel cost recovery, if there's a cheaper alternative available by taking gas from the pipeline? And then, conversely, if one takes gas off the pipeline, is there going to be any regulatory difficulty around the use and useful status of the gasifier?
James E. Rogers: We don't view that as a problem and it really goes to 2 things. One is it's in MISO. It will be dispatched in MISO. And at the end of the day, because of the efficiency of the plant, it will be one of the -- the first plant -- coal plants to be dispatched.
Operator: The next question comes from Andy Bischof for Morningstar.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Is there any clarity you can give us on when you might receive a final decision on the total costs relating to Crystal River 3? And you also mentioned they were trending higher. Can you put a specific dollar amount on that?
Lynn J. Good: I'll start, Andy. Work continues on the engineering related to Crystal River, the risk assessment, a number of factors. And so that preliminary estimate that was shared, $0.9 billion to $1.3 billion, was really developed back in 2011. And the work continues, as we referenced in the script today, and as we learn more and complete the work, we'll be prepared to talk about a more definitive cost estimate, but nothing beyond just trending higher at this point.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay, and one other question regarding non-fuel savings. You mentioned 100% by 2014. Can you provide a little more clarity on the expectation of savings obtained in 2013 and '12?
Lynn J. Good: Not at this point, Andy. That'll be important -- an important part of consideration in guidance for '13. But you can think of us ramping up savings over time between now and '14.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll move next to Kit Konolige from BGC Financial.
Kit Konolige: On your sales, Lynn, I think you discussed, obviously, sales were up year-over-year. I think you mentioned that you have an expectation for flat sales going forward. Can you just backfill that for me? I'm not sure I caught all of it.
Lynn J. Good: Yes, Kit, we are up, for the second quarter, 1.3%. On a year-to-date basis, we're up 1.1%. So we just continue to be cautious about what we're seeing, slowing in the broad U.S. economy. Even some of our industrial customers are not particularly bullish, looking at their production to be basically flat with '11. So we believe a reasonable assumption could be flat to 2011, and of course, we'll update you as we know more. But read nothing more into it than just some caution about the U.S. economy.
Kit Konolige: And how about then looking, say, ahead to '13 or even a little longer term? I mean, structurally, what kind of sales growth do you see on either side of the system at this point?
Lynn J. Good: That's a really good question and something we look at a couple of times a year as we try to forecast what trends we're seeing. I think a reasonable planning assumption, Kit, is kind of in the 1% range. Maybe we'd trend to 1.5% as you get further in the decade, but we are not forecasting anything stronger than that at this point.
Kit Konolige: Okay. And one final area, separately. Obviously, you're not going to comment in detail about any potential sale or divestiture of the Midwest unregulated plants. Could you give us any idea, though, on -- if you did no longer own those, what would the EPS impact be? In other words, suppose they were -- you were not to own them, does that hurt earnings, help earnings?
Lynn J. Good: Kit, I think the assets that we're talking about are very significant contributors to the Commercial Power segment, so that would be the place to look in terms of your overall contribution to the company. And I think in terms of, is it accretive, dilutive, would depend upon pricing and the timing of any decisions. So that's the perspective I would give you.
James E. Rogers: At this time, I'd like to thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to seeing many of you in the upcoming weeks during the fall sell-side conferences. As always, our Investor Relations team is available for your follow-up calls. Have a great day.
Operator: That concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bill Currens -  James E. Rogers - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Lynn J. Good - Chief Financial Officer and Group Executive Dhiaa M. Jamil - Chief Generation Officer, Chief Nuclear Officer and Group Executive
Analysts: Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Andrew Levi Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division James D. von Riesemann - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ashar Khan Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Unknown Analyst
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Duke Energy First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Bill Currens, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Bill Currens: Thank you, Sandy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Duke Energy's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Review and Business Update. Leading our discussion today are Jim Rogers, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Lynn Good, Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer. Jim and Lynn will review our first quarter results and provide an update on key issues. After their prepared remarks, we'll take your questions.  Today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. You should refer to the information in our 2011 10-K and other SEC filings concerning factors that could cause future results to differ from this forward-looking information. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website and in today's materials. Note that the appendix to the presentation materials includes additional disclosures to help you analyze the company's performance.  Now I'll turn the call over to Jim Rogers.
James E. Rogers: Thank you, Bill. Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate your interest and investment in Duke Energy. Today, we will review our quarterly earnings results, provide an update on economic activity and customer load growth trends, as well as summarize what we are experiencing with coal-to-gas switching. We will also review the status of our combination with Progress Energy and discuss the settlement agreement we announced earlier this week with respect to the Edwardsport project in Indiana. This settlement agreement resolves uncertainty regarding the cost recovery of this important investment. I will review the terms of this settlement later in my remarks, but let me begin with an overview of the quarter.  Today, we announced first quarter 2012 adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.38. That compares to $0.39 in the first quarter of 2011. Reported earnings for the quarter were $0.22 as compared to $0.38 in the prior year. Current quarter reported results reflect $0.20 of charges related to the settlement agreement on the Edwardsport IGCC project in Indiana. This charge has been treated as a special item for the quarter. Consequently, it has been excluded from our adjusted diluted earnings per share.  The quarter was characterized by unusually mild weather across all of our service territories. In fact, this past winter was the fourth warmest winter season on record for the entire U.S. I am pleased with our employees' efforts to effectively manage costs during the quarter. This helped offset some of the impact from the weather. We also benefited from increases in customer prices in the Carolinas as a result of our rate case request last year.  In our commercial businesses, international operations continue to deliver strong results, mitigating the reduced earnings we expected from our new ESP agreement in Ohio. In addition to cost control, our operational performance during the quarter was impressive. The regulated nuclear fleet delivered a capacity factor of 99.7%. Meanwhile, our nonregulated gas fleet in the Midwest continued to operate at record-generating levels, benefiting from low gas prices.  I am pleased with where we stand at the end of the first quarter. While we cannot control the weather, I commend our employees for focusing on what we can control, specifically our fleet and grid performance, as well as our expenses. Based upon our first quarter results, we are on track to achieve our 2012 adjusted diluted EPS guided range of $1.40 to $1.45.  Now I'll turn it over to Lynn for a more in-depth discussion of our financial performance for the quarter.
Lynn J. Good: Thank you, Jim. Slide 6 outlines the significant adjusted earnings drivers for each of our business segments for the quarter. As a reminder, we are now evaluating our business performance on the basis of segment income, rather than on our previous segment EBIT basis. As a result, earnings for each segment include interest and income tax expense. In addition, corporate governance costs, which were previously reflected in the category labeled other, are now allocated to each segment.  First, let's review earnings for our regulated utilities, U.S. Franchised Electric and Gas. Quarterly adjusted segment income was relatively flat with the prior year quarter. Revised customer rates in the Carolinas and lower operation and maintenance expense helped to offset the impact of unfavorable weather.  Let me give you some perspective on the mild weather, which affected earnings per share by about $0.04. In the Carolinas, we had the lowest level of heating degree days on record for the first quarter. Heating degree days were below normal by around 25% in the Carolinas and 28% in the Midwest. We were able to offset about $0.01 per share of the weather impact with reductions in our O&M costs during the quarter. Due to the unfavorable weather and the low natural gas price environment, we are generating fewer megawatt hours from our coal plants.  We've examined our operations for opportunities to reduce cost. From a labor perspective, we have displaced contractors, reduced overtime and have not filled open positions. Additionally, we will defer certain scheduled outages since the plants are not running at the levels we originally anticipated. Assuming normal weather and storm activity, we expect our 2012 O&M to be down about 2% from 2011 as a result of the actions identified in the first quarter. We will maintain our focus on costs while also ensuring the continued safety of our employees and reliability of our systems.  Also during the quarter, FE&G began to realize the benefit of recent rate case outcomes in both North and South Carolina, which increased earnings per share by about $0.03. These revised rates primarily reflect recovery of investments in our fleet modernization program.  Now let me move on to Duke Energy International, which continued to provide strong financial results. This segment's adjusted income increased principally due to higher volumes and pricing in Brazil, as well as at NMC, more than offsetting the impact of the prior year favorable arbitration award in Peru.  Finally, I'll briefly discuss the results for our nonregulated Commercial Power segment. As expected, Commercial Power's adjusted segment income was lower than the prior year quarter primarily due to the impact of the new Electric Security Plan in Ohio. That plan resulted in a reduction to earnings per share of about $0.02. As you'll recall, under our new market-based ESP, our coal-fired generation dispatches into PJM. That generation receives an energy margin, as well as capacity revenues based upon PJM clearing prices. Duke Energy Ohio is also collecting an annual $110 million non-bypassable stability charge through the end of 2014, adding $0.01 to the first quarter results.  Our nonregulated Midwest gas fleet continued its strong performance, contributing around $0.01 more than in the first quarter of 2011. The gas fleet's earnings were supported by higher volumes and margins resulting from low gas prices. Our Midwest gas fleet dispatched about 1,900 gigawatt hours more than the prior year quarter, nearly a 70% increase. As expected, PJM capacity revenue received by the Midwest gas fleet was lower in first quarter 2012 as the capacity price fell from the $174 per megawatt day in the prior year to $110 per megawatt day.  As a result of the reset of our ESP in Ohio to market-based rates, volumes and margins realized by our competitive retail arm, Duke Energy Retail, were lower than in the prior year quarter. This reduced earnings by around $0.01 per share. Despite a challenging environment, the Commercial Power team continues to work to control costs and optimize the performance of the nonregulated generating fleet.  Turning to Slide 7, I'll spend a few minutes on our volume trends for the quarter and the economic conditions within our service territories. This slide presents our quarterly volume trends by customer class based on calculations that exclude weather impact. As a reminder, our 2012 guidance assumes we'll experience weather-normalized volume increases of about 0.7%, driven by expected growth of approximately 1% in both the industrial and commercial customer classes.  On a weather-normal basis, quarterly volumes were around 1% higher than the prior year period. However, most of this favorable trend was due to an extra day in first quarter 2012 resulting from leap year. This increase continues to be largely supported by industrial activity, which remains strong across both the Carolinas and Midwest. Weather-normalized industrial volumes were 2.6% higher than the prior year quarter. Growth persists across several major industrial classes, specifically the automotive, chemical and heavy-equipment sectors. However, weakness continues in housing-related sectors and among our textile customers in the Carolinas.  Economic development activities continue to remain strong in our service territories, bringing new investments and jobs. For example, tire manufacturer Michelin announced last month that it will invest $750 million for a new plant and a factory expansion in South Carolina, that combined are expected to create 500 new jobs.  Let me move on to trends in the residential customer class. For the quarter, weather-normalized residential volumes were essentially flat, an increase of about 0.3%, principally supported by the Carolinas. We are seeing positive trends in the number of residential customers being added in the Carolinas and Midwest. We've added approximately 20,000 more electric and gas customers from the prior year quarter, an average growth of around 0.5%. Even though this level of growth is below what we were experiencing before the recession, it is significantly higher than the 5,000 customers we added at the same time last year. We continue, however, to experience a reduction in our residential customers' average kilowatt hour usage. A sluggish economic recovery, high gasoline prices and energy efficiency initiatives may all be influencing these usage patterns.  Finally, weather-normalized volumes for our commercial customers were around 0.6% higher than the prior year. This customer class continues to be weighed down by high office and retail vacancy rates and low construction activity. The economy within our service territories maintains its slow recovery. Industrial activity remained strong, yet consumers continue to be cautious. Unemployment rates have improved but remain at historically high levels. Further, last week's announcement of first quarter U.S. GDP showed a slowing from the fourth quarter of last year. All of these factors leave us cautious and guardedly optimistic on the overall economic recovery.  As we forecast the remainder of the year, we are seeing some challenges in our ability to achieve the 0.7% weather-normal volume growth assumed in our 2012 guidance. We will continue to monitor customer volume trends as we progress throughout the year.  Finally, let me discuss the issue of coal-to-gas switching, which is resulting from the low natural gas price environment. The charts on Slide 8 show our generation fuel mix over the last 2 years and our current projection for 2012, both in the regulated businesses and in our nonregulated Midwest generation business. As demonstrated by these charts, the commodity price environment has significantly changed the mix of generation, resulting in less coal and more natural gas. For example, in the Carolinas, our Buck combined cycle gas plant, which became operational this past November, has been dispatching like a baseload generating unit. In fact, it is currently dispatching just after our nuclear units in the Carolinas, ahead of even our most efficient coal units.  Additionally, as I mentioned earlier, our nonregulated Midwest gas-fired generation continues to run at high levels. In fact, 2011 was the third straight year this fleet achieved record generation levels. And if low gas prices persist, 2012 is looking like another record year. As a result of reduced coal burns expected in 2012 from mild weather and low natural gas prices, our coal inventory levels have increased. Inventory levels are currently above our target of about 40 days in the Carolinas and about 45 days in Indiana. In 2009, the impacts of the economic recession put us in a similar situation, but we were able to work with our coal suppliers to effectively manage inventory levels. We are doing the same this year.  We've had extensive discussions with our coal suppliers, and we're evaluating contract deferrals or buyouts, as well as additional coal storage options, both on and off-site. In February, we implemented a coal price decrement in Indiana, increasing the dispatch of our coal units. To the extent the units are dispatched, coal coming to the stations is consumed and other higher potential costs are avoided. Overall, customers benefit. We'll continue to monitor this situation and take appropriate action as needed.  In summary, for the remainder of the year, we'll continue to monitor customer load growth trends, and our focus on effective cost control and operational performance to help drive our financial results. We remain on track to achieve $1.40 to $1.45 adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance range for 2012. However, actual results for the year will be largely dependent upon the third quarter, historically our most significant. Additionally, we remain well positioned to achieve our targeted 4% to 6% long-term growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share on a stand-alone basis.  Now I'll turn it back over to Jim.
James E. Rogers: Thanks, Lynn. Let me start with our pending merger with Progress. On March 26, Duke and Progress jointly filed a revised mitigation plan with the FERC to address their market power concerns. This slide summarizes the components of our revised mitigation plan. The filing features both interim and permanent mitigation components.  The permanent mitigation solution involves the building and upgrading of transmission and an estimated cost of about $110 million. The transmission projects are designed to significantly increase power import capabilities and enhance competitive power supply options in the Progress and Duke Carolinas service territories.  The proposal also features a 2- to 3-year interim mitigation plan with firm power purchase agreements already signed with 3 third parties. The agreements will be in place from the date the merger closes until the transmission projects are operational, at which time the interim mitigation will terminate. The costs of this interim mitigation, which we're able to currently estimate, are included on this slide.  Our regulatory and legal teams have spent considerable effort investigating solutions to address FERC's concerns about market power in the Carolinas. FERC's common period on our mitigation plan ended last week, and we responded to intervenor comments earlier this week. We believe that our revised mitigation plan addresses the FERC's concerns and that the protests to the plan are without merit. We've requested that FERC issue orders approving the mitigation plan, the joint dispatch agreement and the joint open access transmission tariff no later than June 8. After satisfactory FERC approval, we will continue to seek final merger-related approvals from the North Carolina and South Carolina commissions.  Over the past several weeks, we have had constructive discussions with the North Carolina public staff. These discussions have centered on how the cost of the proposed FERC mitigation plan will be handled for rate-making purposes, as well as some clarifications, including the timing on the $650 million guarantee of fuel and joint dispatch savings. We hope to have a revised settlement in place soon that balances the interests of consumers and shareholders.  We have restarted our integration planning on a limited basis, focusing on those areas that are critical to day 1 operations of a combined Duke Progress. We will continue to keep you informed on developments regarding the merger in the weeks ahead.  Next, let me review the Edwardsport settlement, an important milestone in achieving clarity on the cost recovery of this investment. Earlier this week, we announced an agreement with the Indiana Office of Utility Consumer Counselor, the Duke Energy Indiana Industrial Group and Nucor Steel-Indiana related to recovery of construction costs for the project. This settlement is subject to the approval of the Indiana commission. Let me highlight a few provisions of the agreement. First, the settlement includes a cap of construction costs, including financing costs, to be reflected in customer rates of approximately $2.59 billion as of June 30. This amount includes approximately $2.32 billion of estimated direct costs, as well as estimated financing costs. To the extent we do not have a final commission order by June 30, Duke Energy Indiana will be able to recover additional financing costs until customer rates are revised.  Second, Duke Energy Indiana will not request a retail electric base rate increase prior to March 2013, with the rates in effect no earlier than April 1, 2014.  And finally, Duke Energy Indiana will incur approximately $20 million to reimburse to settling parties for attorney fees and litigation expenses, as well as make other funding commitments for low-income heating assistance in Indiana. The agreement also includes certain measures which help mitigate the customer rate impact of the project. For example, we agreed to implement revised depreciation rates to the benefit of customers.  Under the terms of the settlement agreement, customer rate impacts of this project are to be implemented as follows: first, recovery of project financing costs up to the hard cap amounts will be reflected in customer rates as soon as practical, upon commission approval, and will result in an average increase in customer rates of 3.2%; and second, recovery of posted service costs such as O&M costs and depreciation is estimated to start mid-2013 based on our rider request to be filed after the expected in-service date of the plan, will result in the average increase in customer rates of 6.4%. Until such recovery is obtained, these posted service costs will be deferred following the in-service date of the project.  Provisions of the settlement agreement resulted in an approximate $420 million pretax charge or roughly a $0.20 EPS impact in the first quarter 2012. This impairment reduces the annual earnings contribution from this project by approximately $0.02 on an ongoing basis. I am pleased that the parties were able to reach this agreement.  The agreement is balanced and reasonable and achieves 2 important objectives: first, it mitigates the cost impact of this project to our Indiana customers; and second, it resolves the regulatory uncertainty regarding construction cost recovery. We have requested the commission to establish a procedural schedule to address the settlement and expect a final commission decision at the summer or fall of this year.  Our current focus is on bringing the Edwardsport facility to full operation later this year, allowing us to provide Indiana customers with cleaner power to meet increasingly strict federal environmental regulations, as well as utilize a readily available local resource, Indiana coal.  Let me discuss the status of the Edwardsport construction project and our Carolina projects outlined on Slide 11. Construction of the Edwardsport IGCC project is essentially finished and the start-up phase is well underway. The plant is undergoing an extensive testing process, with first fire for both gas turbines successfully completed in March. Edwardsport is on schedule to go online this fall.  Cliffside is 97% complete with construction. Commissioning, start-up and testing of plant equipment are currently underway. The plant's first fire on coal remains targeted for later in the second quarter. We plan to bring the plant online this fall on time and on budget.  The 620-megawatt combined cycle Dan River gas plant is also on time and on budget, with construction 85% complete and commercial operations scheduled for the fourth quarter.  Finally, let me give you an update on our growing renewables business. Last week, we closed on a 50-50 joint venture partnership with Sumitomo for 2 large-scale wind farms that Duke Energy Renewables is building in Kansas: the 131-megawatt Cimarron II project and the 168-megawatt Ironwood project. Both projects are scheduled to go online later this year. In addition, we have 3 other wind projects currently under construction.  We also continue to grow our renewable solar business, targeting the addition of around 25 to 50 megawatts in new capacity this year. By the end of 2012, our total owned renewable capacity is expected to grow to almost 1,700 megawatts, an increase of about 60% since the end of last year.  In closing, let me say I am very pleased with where we stand through the first quarter of 2012. We remain on track with our earnings objectives and have entered into constructive agreement on our Edwardsport project in Indiana.  Slide 12 summarizes the key short-term and long-term priorities we discussed during our year-end earnings call in February. For the rest of the year, we remain focused on our primary strategic objectives: first, obtaining the remaining regulatory approvals related to our merger with Progress; second, completing the remaining major construction projects; third, obtaining reasonable regulatory outcomes in the Edwardsport proceeding and our upcoming rate cases in the Carolinas and Ohio, which we will likely file with regulators around mid-year; and finally, achieving our earnings guidance range for the year.  Our employees' hard work continues to support Duke Energy's ongoing mission of delivering affordable, reliable and clean energy, benefiting our customers, investors and the communities we serve.  Now let's open up the phone lines for you all's questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Jim, first, on the merger, I just noticed that you mentioned that you've restarted the integration process. So I guess my question is, does that mean it stopped? And when was that? And what changed? And can you just provide some color on what you're referring to?
James E. Rogers: Sure. Let me ask Lynn to address that question, if I may.
Lynn J. Good: Jonathan, at the time we received the FERC order in December, we really put pencils down a bit, finishing up what was going to be required for legal day 1 but really putting it on the shelf so that we could get focused on running Duke and Progress separately at the beginning of the year. We didn't have specific clarity on timing of the FERC filing and closing, et cetera. So we've been focused first few months of the year on the things you would expect us to be focused on, running the business well. And now we believe we're getting to the point where we should start brushing off the legal day 1 work and restarting integration so that we're prepared for a July 1 closing.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then on the coal piles, could I ask -- can you give us any sense of where you are currently within this? You said you're above the 45- to 50-day range, but you're not at the 75 to 80. Where are you in that range? Do you think you'll get to the maximum? And is this any -- very similar to '09 or more dramatic?
Lynn J. Good: Jonathan, we are at about 90% of the peak levels of 2009, so we're not quite to the point we experienced in 2009. And the teams are very focused on managing through this, taking all the steps we think are necessary, including off-site storage and other measures. So we're managing through it and believe we will be able to manage through it.
Operator: Moving on to Dan Eggers of Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Jim, there certainly seems like there's some momentum with the conversations you guys are having with the staffs in North Carolina and South Carolina. But can you just maybe mechanically or logistically walk through how a settlement would synchronize from the states with trying to get a FERC decision done and how they would marry together? Because obviously, they're kind of early stage or dependent upon the FERC decision, how that would all play out in June if things worked as you guys have them scheduled right now?
James E. Rogers: Absolutely. Dan, first, let me say that our aspiration is to get a decision from the FERC in early June. In the interim period, we're working with the public staff in North Carolina, as well as the consumer council in South Carolina, to reach settlement agreements that we can present to the state commissions for their approval. We've had detailed conversations with the public staff in North Carolina. Our discussions have focused on what is the appropriate treatment for the $110 million investment in transmission. It has been focused on some additional flexibility with respect to our guarantee of $650 million in the joint dispatch and fuel blending. It's also been focused on other items such as our sale of electricity during the interim period. So we are very close to reaching agreement with the public staff, have not reached agreement with other parties with respect to this in North Carolina. And so more to come there, and we hope to have a settlement soon. With respect to South Carolina, we're also working very closely with Dukes Scott and his team so that we can satisfy his requirements. And I think an important part of the relationship between North and South Carolina is that Dukes Scott negotiated early on a Most Favored Nation's Clause, which really allows them to track whatever agreement is reached between us and the public staff in North Carolina.
Lynn J. Good: And so, Dan, maybe just to put those things together, the intent would then be to be in a position where the commissions could approve this settlement following FERC approval in that June time frame.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So because the commissions wouldn't decide, basically, you'd have a -- this settlement which could then be adjusted if the FERC makes adjustments and then -- and bring it to them so they wouldn't actually have to revise what they had done because they wouldn't have made the decision.
James E. Rogers: That's a very good observation on your part. We are building in a provision in our settlement that we're working through now with the public staff for the possibility that the FERC will not fully embrace our proposal and will modify it in a way -- one way or another. And if that happens, then we have the capability to really reopen the agreement we have with the public staff and make any adjustments that are appropriate given the FERC's action.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess just one other question. You guys have talked on a merged basis of 4% to 6% earnings growth as the target without any equity. Are you still feeling comfortable with that at this point in time? And do you feel comfortable without the equity needs, given some of the loss of cash you guys have with the Edwardsport deal and some of the loss of cash that Progress put up in the Crystal River deal?
Lynn J. Good: Dan, we are still targeting the 4% to 6%. We think the combined company has the fundamental growth drivers of investment and load synergies, of course, will be very important to drive that growth. We will be finalizing guidance as we near completion, restart integration, get a better sense of synergies, timing, et cetera, and be prepared to give you more specifics post closing.
Operator: Moving onto Hugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Question is on the -- primarily to Edwardsport and what, if anything, remains to be [indiscernible]. The -- you mentioned you're in the testing phase. Has the gasifier at Edwardsport -- hello, hello?  [Technical Difficulty]
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Hello? My question was, has the gasifier at Edwardsport been tested yet?
Lynn J. Good: We were having trouble hearing you. Can you restate?
Operator: Mr. Wynne, are you still on the line? Sir, this is the operator. And Mr. Wynne has disconnected. We'll take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: One real quick thing. When I go back and look your guidance for -- that you provided at the end of the fourth quarter call or during the fourth quarter call. Look at the USF&G. You expected it to be up year-over-year about $0.12. Nowhere in there is there any bullet points for O&M cost reductions. And yet, based on the commentary and what I'm seeing in the abbreviated data at the back of your release, it seems like you've actually managed O&M down a bit in the first quarter. Can you comment on that? Can you comment on expectations for O&M for the rest of the year relative to last year, both at USF&G and maybe at Commercial Power?
Lynn J. Good: And, Michael, let me respond on USFE&G. We actually came into the year assuming O&M would be flat, 2011 to 2012. And as a result of the weak weather that we experienced also, we are continuing to build in some flexibility for the possibility that load growth doesn't show up as strongly as we anticipated. We have taken some actions that now put us in a position to forecast that O&M will be down 2% year-over-year. This gives us some flexibility in FE&G as a result of the start to the year. So that's the way I would think about it. In commercial, a lot of the O&M in commercial can actually be tied to generation, specifically in Latin America. And so we look at that O&M a bit differently and really try to give you a sense of margin and other things that we see in those businesses.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it, okay. One other question just in terms of thinking about PJM coming up in the next couple of weeks, assuming the auction results are actually released in the next couple of weeks. When you guys look at the market just in general, do you still have the view that coal plants are needed at peak in PJM? And if so, is it entirely just scrubbed coal plants? or even -- does PJM still need some of the unscrubbed coal plants at the peak?
James E. Rogers: Michael, it's my judgment that in PJM, they still need all the scrubbed plants and some of the unscrubbed plants at peak period.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So when you think about market fundamentals or kind of what's normal or long term, either an unscrubbed coal plant, whether its energy or capacity, needs to set the clearing price or some other asset replacing that plant needs to.
James E. Rogers: I think that's right. I think, historically -- and let me see if I remember the -- I think it's about 85% on gas is on the margin in PJM. And I think that will continue to be the case, even though there's been a flip in gas prices and coal prices and a flip in the dispatch. Said another way, the gas units, particularly combined cycle units, are dispatching with the 7,000-plus heat rate before most coal plants or virtually all coal plants in the region.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay, Jim. Last question, just Commercial Power, really Duke Energy International, any change in your thoughts about the growth outlook, especially with kind of the next year sharing at National Methanol, kind of what the growth trajectory of this business is relative to your U.S. businesses?
Lynn J. Good: Michael, I think we talked a little bit about growth on international as we put forward guidance. We think international is a very solid contributor to the company. It has growth prospects with the repricing of the contracted load in Brazil, and there's actually some information in the year-end package that might be helpful on that. We will also bring some new resources into the international business as we go forward. I think as you look at Commercial Power, growth is going to occur over a longer-term basis as we see capacity prices rise and, hopefully, a broader spread in energy.
Operator: Moving onto Brian Chin with Citi.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Jim, if the FERC says it needed another month to review this, and that sort of drags out the process into August, would you be willing to extend the merger agreement another couple of months?
James E. Rogers: Brian, I'm not going to speculate on what we'll do with respect to extending the time of July 8. We're going to wait until we get there and wait to see what orders we get from the FERC and from the commissions and address that issue at that time.
Operator: Moving once again to Hugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein.
James E. Rogers: Hugh, I'm sorry. You dropped off somehow.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Hello? [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Mr. Wynne has dropped again, sir. We'll move on to Andy Levi with Avon Capital.
Andrew Levi: Known you for a long time, so a very, very simple question for you just concerning the merger. I just want to make sure that you're still very committed and still very excited about this merger.
James E. Rogers: We are very committed to getting this merger across the goal line. This is the third time we've filed with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. We've reopened negotiations with both states in an effort to get this done. As the prior question from Brian was all about July 8, and in our judgment, there's adequate time for both the state and the FERC to act, so we can get this across the goal line. So I'm confident that we will. And if you had to put a probability on it, you'd say, more likely than not, we'll get it done.
Andrew Levi: And you're still excited about it, as you were when it was announced?
James E. Rogers: I don't know, at my age, if I'm excited about much. But...
Andrew Levi: Okay. Fair enough, Jim. You're still a young man. Come on.
James E. Rogers: Yes, yes, yes. But if you look at this transaction from a long-term perspective, this is -- positions us well for the future, and we wouldn't be continuing to work as hard as we've worked and our teams have worked if we didn't think this was the right thing going forward. So thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Andy Bischof with MorningStar.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: A question for you, I'm trying to get a grasp of the likelihood of an approval by the Indiana commission for Edwardsport. What discussions were had with the commission during Edwardsport? And how are their concerns taken into consideration?
James E. Rogers: Andy, as you might imagine, we didn't talk to the commission when we negotiated this settlement. We worked hard with the consumer council, who plays a very important role in the state, as well as the industrial group in Nucor. We had many negotiating sessions to get to that settlement. And I think what's important is, is by putting these parties together and presenting it to the commission, we're presenting to them a package that really allows them to address all the issues that have been raised in the proceeding and put this behind the commission, behind us and allow us to go forward to build what may be the last coal plant that will be built over maybe a decade or more, given the price of gas and given the new proposals from EPA with respect to carbon.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Great. So you're pretty comfortable that the commission will look favorably upon this agreement?
James E. Rogers: I'm hopeful because we've had a long history in Indiana, as well as other states, of reaching agreements with the parties and presenting settlements to the commission and having the commission approve them. And we hope that, that occurs here, and that's certainly our expectation.
Operator: Moving onto Jim von Riesemann with UBS.
James D. von Riesemann - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just 2 questions for you, if you don't mind. The first one is on Edwardsport, and I have the same question that Hugh was trying to ask because I could hear him. But could you just give us an update as to how the test firing is going on the Edwardsport facility?
Lynn J. Good: So, Jim, I'll give it a try, and Danny Jamil is here to correct me when we get into maybe more detailed questions. But we have tested on gas firing of the turbines. We have scheduled tests for the gasifier within the next 6 to 8 weeks, and are moving through the start-up process in a very methodical way. We have operations teams on the ground, ensuring we have a smooth transition from construction to start-up to operation.
James D. von Riesemann - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Have you had any issues come up yet with that, out of the course of the ordinary, I should say?
Lynn J. Good: I would characterize it as things that you would expect to happen as you're turning over systems and processes. Dhiaa, would you add anything to that?
Dhiaa M. Jamil: Yes. I mean, in any start-up, of course, you will have issues. And that's why you go through the testing. We did experience some, but I would not put it outside of the normal range that you would expect for a first-of-a-kind type of system.
James D. von Riesemann - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. My second question is, I listened to the annual meeting yesterday. And, Jim, you made a statement saying about your commitment to new nuclear. And I just -- it's a clarification question, if you don't mind. You said 5% to 10% -- you're still interested in a 5% to 10% stake of Santee Cooper's stake. Now is that 5% to 10% of the total project or just Santee Cooper's piece of it?
James E. Rogers: It's 5% to 10% of the total project.
Operator: Moving onto Ashar Khan with Visium Asset Management.
Ashar Khan: All my questions have been answered.
Operator: And Ali Agha with SunTrust has our next question.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I apologize, I got on a little late. But on Edwardsport, assuming the settlement is approved, what does that mean, if anything, for the Phase 2 hearings that were separately going on?
James E. Rogers: This settlement resolves both Phase 1 and Phase 2 issues.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay, good. And secondly, again, I apologize, you may have done this, but on an LTM basis, what are the utility ROEs looking like for your utility portfolio?
Lynn J. Good: Ali, we had a slide in the year-end package that had targeted ROEs and what I'd love to do is have Bill Currens walk you through that off-line.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Yes, I know. I recall that. I've seen that. But I'm wondering, are you -- I know it's early in the year and all that, but still -- that is still the right target?
Lynn J. Good: I think that's right. As you know, third quarter is very important for the regulated business. So we'll continue to build on the progress that we've made first quarter, but on track.
Operator: Moving onto Greg Rice [ph] with Catapult [ph].
Unknown Analyst: Quick question on the merger again. If, for some reason, you guys saw a material reduction in the expected benefits of the merger, would you be able to call upon the burdensome effect clause in the merger agreement? And how would it affect this? And would this allow you to avoid having to pay a break-up fee?
James E. Rogers: Greg, the merger agreement is clear on the burdensome effect provision. It's clear on MAE provisions. It's clear on the reps and warranties. And I think rather than me trying to opine with respect to how these provisions will operate, I would urge you to read them and draw your own conclusions as to what effect they would have under the scenario that you presented to us.
Operator: Your final question will come from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Real quick, just rate case time line in the Carolinas, when do you expect to file? More importantly, do you expect to get all of Cliffside's in the rates? And what portions of Buck county and Dan River would you get as well?
Lynn J. Good: Yes, so Michael, Buck was in last year's case, and we would file this year's case with the intention of picking up both Cliffside and Dan River. So kind of filing mid-year, maybe early third quarter. And with the planned in-service dates of those plants, we would be able to pick both of them up in this case.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And does that include both the capital and the expected OpEx?
Lynn J. Good: Yes.
Operator: And that is all the time we have for questions today. I'd like to turn it back to Mr. Currens for any closing or additional remarks.
Bill Currens: Great, thank you. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today for the first quarter earnings review and business update. As always, the Investor Relations team is available for any follow-up questions. Have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude our conference call for today. We'd like to thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-16 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Beau Pratt -  William D. Johnson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Mark F. Mulhern - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Ashar Khan Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Unknown Analyst
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Progress Energy's Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks and introductions, I now turn the conference over to Beau Pratt of Progress Energy. Please go ahead.
Beau Pratt : Thank you, Roxanne. Good afternoon, and welcome, everyone. Joining me today are Bill Johnson, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Mulhern, Chief Financial Officer; and other members of our senior management team. We are currently being webcast from our Investor Relations page at progress-energy.com/webcast where we've also included a set of slides, which accompany our speakers' prepared remarks this afternoon.  Today, we will be making forward-looking statements, as well as reviewing historical information. There are numerous factors that may cause future actual results to differ materially from these statements, and we outlined these in our earnings release, Form 10-K, 10-Q and other SEC filings, as well as the risk factor discussion also found in our Forms 10-K and 10-Q. For your information, we plan to file our Form 10-K by the end of the month.  This afternoon, following opening comments from Bill and Mark, we will open the phone lines to address your questions.  Now, I'll turn the call over to Bill Johnson.
William D. Johnson: Thanks, Beau, and good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for being on the call. This morning, we released our fourth quarter and year-end financial results for 2011 and also provided a stand-alone ongoing guidance range for 2012. As you can see on Slide 3, I will open with a few comments on earnings and then update you on our merger status, Crystal River 3 and the Florida settlement agreement. I'll also point out our priority focus areas for 2012, and then Mark Mulhern will provide more details on our financial results and 2012 guidance. We thought it appropriate to give stand-alone guidance here, given that the targeted closing date for the merger is not until May or June at the earliest.  Now if you turn to Slide 4 for the fourth quarter and year-end results. For the fourth quarter, we reported ongoing earnings of $114 million, compared to $133 million for the same quarter a year ago. Our earnings were down $0.06 per share. For the full year 2011, we reported ongoing earnings of $871 million, down $18 million from 2010. Our ongoing earnings per share were $2.95 compared to $3.06 per share for 2010.  There were a number of moving parts and unusual items in the financials this year. You might recall our third quarter ongoing earnings including a negative $0.08 for the impact of storm costs and replacement power disallowances in the Carolinas, net of a positive litigation award related to spent fuel. And we're confident that our results did not fully reflect the true earnings power of this company or the solid groundwork our employees are laying for our strong future. And to that point, we're announcing a 2012 stand-alone guidance range of $3.10 to $3.25 per share of ongoing earnings. And in a moment, Mark will provide more perspective on our drivers for both 2011 and 2012. Turning to Slide 5. You'll see where we stand in terms of securing all the approvals for the Duke Progress merger announced early last year. Later this quarter, we expect to file our joint response to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission addressing the issues in its mid-December ruling. We will file a summary of the mitigation plan first with the North Carolina Utilities Commission because of its 30-day notification requirement before we formally file with FERC. We expect to make the notice filing with the North Carolina Commission next week. And the merger closing date will ultimately depend on the timing of these regulatory approvals.  The proposed FERC mitigation plan consists of permanent mitigation involving the construction of new transmission and the upgrade of existing transmission to improve the import capability into both the Duke and Progress control areas. We expect to file the details on this specific transmission projects, which will take approximately 3 years to build and, in total, cost up to about $100 million.  In addition, we will propose a short-term bridge mitigation plan to cover the period while the transmission projects are being completed. This bridge mitigation plan will involve firm power sales to new market participants in sufficient size to address the screen failures FERC identified in its response to our last mitigation plan. We expect the cost to the combined company of these power sales will be determined as part of the FERC and state regulatory approval process. We believe this proposed mitigation plan is a response to the FERC's concerns, and we still believe in the value the merger will create for customers and shareholders.  As noted on this slide, we also will make new Hart-Scott-Rodino filings with the Department of Justice, given that the initial filings expire in April, which is before we expect to close the merger. Next, turn to Slide 6. As we discussed on our January 23 call, we have entered into a settlement agreement in Florida that provides more certainty on cost recovery related to Crystal River 3 and the Levy nuclear project as well as more rate stability for the next several years. I'm not going to cover all the details on this slide and we've included it here, as a reference summary, of the key points. The Florida Public Service Commission will hold a hearing on the settlement agreement this Monday, the 20th. Commission staff will give its recommendation at that time and other interested parties will be able to address the commission as well. The commission is expected to issue a bench ruling on February 22. The different parties of the agreement worked in a constructive way to develop this fair comprehensive solution. We found common ground in our desire to ease the growing rate pressure on customers while providing a more predictable path forward. Meanwhile, at Crystal River 3, we are focused on getting the engineering analysis to a point that we have reliable cost and schedule estimates for repairing the containment structure. And we continue to work with NEIL, our insurance provider, for recovery of applicable repair costs and associated replacement power costs. We have not yet received the definitive determination from NEIL about our insurance coverage related to the March 2011 delamination, and our negotiations with NEIL continue. We believe that all applicable costs associated with bringing Crystal River 3 back into service are covered. In a minute, Mark will review the status of our spending and receivables related to CR3 and explain the change we have made in our accounting for these costs. I want to briefly review 4 areas of focus for our company in 2012 shown on Slide 7. These enterprise priorities are in addition to our daily emphasis on excelling in the fundamentals such as safety, operations and customer satisfaction.  Our first priority is to continue to improve our nuclear performance. This year, we will build on the substantial progress we made last year in the performance of our nuclear fleet. In 2011, our 4 nuclear plants in the Carolinas had a combined capacity factor of 95.2%, which was among the top in the industry. And those 4 units, together, achieved an all-time generation record. Now we still have work to do to get our nuclear program to the consistently high level of performance we expect. And this year, we need to execute well in our 3 scheduled outages in the first half of the year. Our second priority is to accelerate Continuous Business Excellence, or what we call CBE. This is a systematic effort we began several years ago to analyze our work processes, improve efficiency and eliminate waste. It's a way to involve those closest to the work to help us be safer, better, faster and more cost-effective. And CBE, we'll be an important in helping us deliver on synergy opportunities in the merger. Third, optimize our balanced solution strategy. This is our ongoing effort to prepare for the future in the most responsible way, ensuring a diverse portfolio of assets and initiatives to meet our customers' needs and emerging public policies. Our extensive coal and gas fleet modernization is part of this balanced approach, and we continue to make good progress on these projects. And Mark will give you an update on these in a moment. Our fourth priority is to achieve effective integration planning and merger approvals. In partnership with Duke, we've done an excellent job of integration planning for the merger and we're on track with merger approvals until the FERC decision in mid-December. Given the extra time, we'll be even better prepared to operate as one company after the merger closes. The new organizational structure is designed and 3 levels of management have already been named.  Let's now ask Mark to provide a little more detail on the financial results.
Mark F. Mulhern: Thank you, Bill, and good afternoon, everyone. On Slide 8, I have some topics I'll cover today. Besides the 2011 financial results, I will review the drivers for our stand-alone ongoing earnings guidance range of $3.10, $3.25 per share.  So if you'll turn to Slide 9, several highlights for 2011. Our 2011 ongoing earnings were slightly below our guidance, but keep in mind that this number includes the unusual $0.08 charge for replacement power disallowances in the Carolinas. Much of the work on crafting the comprehensive rate settlement in Florida began in 2011. And if approved, this settlement will give us a period of regulatory certainty and stability through 2016. Besides the regulatory certainty and the rate stability for our customers, it also permits greater flexibility in the usage of cost of removal amortization in the years after 2012. And finally, with the strong surge last year in utility stocks and the positive reception to the merger with Duke Energy, we posted a total shareholder return of 36.4% in 2011. So now I'll turn to Slide 10, which presents the results for the fourth quarter and the full year of 2011 compared to 2010. The Carolinas were down sharply in the fourth quarter, primarily due to unfavorable weather as we experienced 30% lower heating degree days compared to that same period in 2010. That negativity resulted in $0.10 of lower earnings. Florida posted a positive increase for the quarter, primarily due to lower O&M expenses. And this was partially offset by 71% lower heating degree days as Florida's weather was significantly milder in the quarter compared to 2010. So for the full year, weather was the key negative driver in both the Carolinas and Florida. Weather contributed to a $0.22 decline in the Carolinas and $0.23 in Florida. In Florida, the greater use of the cost removal amortization was a key offset compared to 2010. I flip to Slide 11. Slide 11 is our waterfall for the quarter. And as I mentioned, lower O&M and increased use of cost removal amortization were the positives for the quarter, but significant weather impacts and reduced wholesale revenues offset those positives. On Slide 12, we show the ongoing EPS drivers for the full year. So the 2 biggest drivers were approximately $0.31, or $250 million, of cost removal amortization in Florida and the $0.45 negative impact of mild weather compared to 2010. And as I discussed in detail on our third quarter call, we had several adjustments, which netted to the $0.08 negative impact on the bottom line, which again primarily reflects a disallowance of replacement power costs resulted from extended outages at the Robinson Nuclear Plant in 2010. Slide 13, we've given you the retail sales data, so it presents the actual and weather-normalized retail energy sales for 2011 compared to 2010. You see here Florida recorded a 0.6% increase in growth and usage against the forecast of 0.7%. Carolinas ended the year with a negative 0.9% against the forecast of a positive 0.8%. So as noted previously, both jurisdictions were strongly impacted by weather during 2011 compared to 2010. Slide 14 gives you our growth and usage information and the low usage residential customer information that we traditionally give you. It appears the Carolinas have finally established a bottom, and we're starting to see some hopeful signs in the local economy. So far, in 2012, it appears weather-normalized sales are showing positive trends, and in Florida the customer growth is also showing some stability. As you'll see in a minute, our 2012 guidance has assumed a 1.5% increase in kilowatt hour sales at PEC and a 0.4% decrease in kilowatt hour sales at PEF, so roughly about a 1% increase if you net the 2 of those. The optimism at PEC is based on projected new customer additions of 10,000 in 2012 versus approximately 6,000 new customers added in 2011.  Our commercial and industrial sectors are seeing some early encouraging signs of new building and business expansion, and the key area of the military base's related construction continues to be an important sector for Progress Energy Carolinas. On Slide 15 show the details on the Crystal River Unit 3 nuclear outage, so the cost in recovery that Bill referred to. The comprehensive settlement agreement we filed last month provides the regulatory recovery framework with regard to Crystal River 3. So we are continuing to work with NEIL for recovery of applicable repair costs and associated replacement power costs. And we have not yet received a definitive determination from NEIL about the insurance coverage related to the second delamination. In addition, no replacement power reimbursements were received from NEIL in the second half of 2011. These considerations led us to conclude that as of December 31, 2011, it was not probable that NEIL would voluntarily pay the full coverage amounts we believe they owe under the applicable insurance policies. Given the circumstances, the accounting standards require full recovery to be probable to recognize an insurance receivable. Therefore, we have suspended recording any further insurance receivables from NEIL and reclassified the $222 million NEIL receivable associated with the second delamination. So we recorded a corresponding $154 million addition to our deferred fuel regulatory asset and a $68 million addition to construction work in-progress. So our negotiations continue with NEIL regarding coverage associated with the second delamination, and we continue to believe that all applicable costs associated with bringing CR3 back into service are covered under the insurance policies. Going to Slide 16 and going through the 2012 ongoing EPS drivers that support our 2012 ongoing guidance range of $3.10 to $3.25. I start with a consideration of the net $0.08 of the identified items from the third quarter, so I start with a $3.03 number. And the adjustments from there are $0.08 of above normal weather, so we basically reconcile to normal weather. We expect $0.09 of growth and usage between the 2 jurisdictions, another $0.09 from increased wholesale sales in both jurisdictions and the wholesale increase actually results from contracted sales and reflects a significant boost in our wholesale business in 2012. We'll see another boost in 2013 in the Carolinas as a new full requirements contract with North Carolina Electric Membership Corporation begins. In '12, we will also get a pickup from AFUDC equity resulting primarily from our new combined cycle gas plants that are under construction. Also, we will benefit from increased transmission revenues from our OATT tariffs and higher cost recoveries in both jurisdictions.  Pension expense is expected to be approximately $0.04 higher in 2012 versus 2011 due to lower discount rates and investment returns below the projected rates. Higher depreciation expense and share dilution will also be negative offsets in 2012.  If you take step back and look at the picture in summary, the earning range -- the earnings range for 2012 is supported by visible drivers that I've highlighted here, and we have some information in the Appendix to help support those as well, but also the flexibility we had in the cost removal amortization in Florida and our ability to manage the overall O&M costs of the company. Just a little more granularity on Slide 17 in the wholesale base revenues, that Slide 17 graphically illustrates the pickup in revenues that Progress Energy Carolinas and Florida from new contracts. The city of Fayetteville will start its contract in mid-year, and Florida will add a new contract with Seminole Electric this year for 150 megawatts. Slide 18 just gives you our rate base growth. So it just shows you the rate base growth through 2014. Carolinas is obviously benefiting from the scheduled completion of the 2 combined cycle natural gas plants, one in early 2013 and the second one in late 2013. Florida's growth is driven primarily by construction projects at CR3 and continued steady investment in transmission. On Slide 19, we presented the status of the major construction projects that are underway. The Lee plant and Smart Grid programs are approximately 70% complete and both are on track for a timely completion within the next year. The capital expenditures page does not include any costs related to the CR3 containment repair or the CR3 upgrade work. On Slide 20, the projected capital expenditures, on a consolidated basis through 2012 through '14, shows you that expenditures are basically flat over the period, totaling approximately $2 billion per year. There is an increasing amount of environmental capital budgeted. The early years reflected significant investments in a 0 liquid discharge project at our Mayo coal plant, and the increase in 2014 relates to early estimates on mercury compliance work at our Carolina coal plants. Given the pending merger with Duke, we would expect to provide further estimates for the various proposed EPA rules as a combined entity when appropriate. Slide 21 gives you the projected cash flow. The increase in operating cash flow reflects expected receipts from NEIL for replacement power and the timing of fuel recoveries through the fuel adjustment costs. It also reflects $175 million pension contribution in 2012, which is down from the $334 million we contributed in 2011. On Slide 22, our financing plan is shown there. We have refinancing at the corporate level and for each utility, so Progress Energy Carolinas is expected to raise an incremental $750 million to support the completion of the Lee and Sutton combined cycle units. The financing needs in Florida will be determined after a course of action on the Crystal River plant repairs is decided. So I won't review the slides, but in the Appendix of the presentation, there is additional forecasted information that we'll be happy to discuss with you if you have questions. So I realize I covered that material quickly and expect to have some detailed follow-up questions that Investor Relations will help you get answers to. But overall, we've had a very solid 2012 stand-alone plan, but we also have great flexibility around a May-June merger closing, which should allow us to demonstrate the significant financial benefits of our merger with Duke very quickly.  Now I'll turn it back to Bill for questions.
William D. Johnson: Thanks, Mark. Now I'll ask the operator to open the line so we can get to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: From the -- you just made a comment that in the cash flow forecast, it includes NEIL recover -- replacement power insurance receipts. So is that based on this $55 million number that you've showed in the update on the NEIL insurance situation generally, or it's some other number?
Mark F. Mulhern: No, it's a bigger number than that, Jonathan. So 2 things in there that I'd say. You know that starting adjusted cash flow number that you look at on Slide 21 that shows about $500 million or $600 million increase from '11 to '12 is really split in 2, so about 1/2 of it is catching up to the full amount, so the $490 million limit on replacement power from NEIL it paid us $162 million or so of that. The remainder to that we would expect to receive at some point here and hopefully in 2012. And the rest of that is actually in the fuel rates for customers. So if you remember, we had expected Crystal River 3 to come back in service in 2011 so we had some catch-up to do through our fuel adjustment clause that's actually in the customer rates currently. So those are the 2 factors that would drive that variance.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So the NEIL piece is the difference between $490 million and $162 million?
Mark F. Mulhern: Correct.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And is there anything in this cash flow forecast for repair costs?
Mark F. Mulhern: No.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Does that extend to the CapEx or something?
Mark F. Mulhern: No, no, no.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then if I may on a second topic. When you think about the merger proposal you had with the states and with FERC and the joint dispatch agreement savings, which had a pretty defined dollar amount around them, to what extent is that a different number now that we have much lower fuel costs in the market? And then how do you see that discussion with the states going in terms of maybe making up for some of that in other ways? Just give us some way of thinking about that back and forth.
William D. Johnson: Jonathan, this is Bill -- excuse me, I think the only thing we can say there is that we are in settlement agreements with both those states and promising them the benefits of joint dispatch in fuel. You've pointed out the elements of that have moved around a little, and so we're looking at what elements are. But at the moment, where we are is that we are on the record with those folks.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Can you give us a bit of a sense of what a little might be, Bill?
William D. Johnson: No, no. I'm just say things change everyday in the business. Fuel prices change, coal usage goes up or goes down, so variables change. But no, I can't give you any more specifics than that.
Operator: We'll go next to Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess kind of my first question just on the NEIL process. You said these negotiations are going on, but you're not recognizing recovery of more fuel costs. What is the actual process between negotiation and some form of litigation to try and resolve what you guys incurred relative to what they're willing to pay?
Mark F. Mulhern: Yes, let me try that one. So we are in a process with them on the biggest and most complex claim they've ever had and they've had a lot of questions, and we've had a lot of discussion. And so I will say we have not approached the second part of your question is what is the dispute resolution mechanism because we're not at a dispute yet. There is a requirement for some form of voluntary dispute resolution in the policy, but that's not where we are at the moment. We're still working positively and engaged with them on explaining what happened, what the repair plan is and to make sure that it's covered.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Is there a feel for -- is it a technical issue they're having a challenge with? Or what is going to be the process to get to a maybe pass this negotiation point to either your resolution or having to go to the dispute resolutions side of the option?
William D. Johnson: I think I said in the call in January when we talked about the settlement is that one of the -- there are 2 paths here: One is the completion of the design and repair selection work; and the other is continuing with NEIL to a resolution. Those passes are linked, right, because the repair option from their perspective has to be within the terms of the policy. And so until we get to that final decision on those things, I don't think we'll get to a final resolution. And then I would hope sometime in the mid-second quarter that's a process that we'd get to.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, and I guess, Mark, maybe just kind of help resolve the 2011 results. You guys obviously came below the range because of the $0.08 Carolinas fuel refusal but you also had $0.08 of better-than-normal weather, but you still fell out of the range. Is there anything else that meaningfully varied from expectations or some sort of cost structure reset that did or did not happen that caused that number to be lower than planned when you guys started the year?
Mark F. Mulhern: Yes, Dan, I would point to 2 things. You knew -- already put your finger on the weather, but the second one is when you look at the complete year waterfall chart on Slide 12, you see $0.15 of wholesale. I think in our original forecast for the year, we've probably had a negative $0.07 or $0.08 so we're probably $0.06, $0.07, $0.08 higher in negativity in wholesale than we projected in the beginning of the year. And some of that relates to low off system sales opportunities given the prices of commodities, so very low off system sales compared to what we had forecasted. And then we also had some impact of these fuel disallowances on our wholesale customers. So some of that added to that. And then the only other thing I'd say is we did expect a bigger contribution from O&M, so on that same slide on Slide 12 you see a $0.13 positive for O&M. We actually had in our original forecast, if you'll remember, it had about $0.25 of positive that we thought was going to show up in O&M in 2011 because we had known [indiscernible] outages from nuclear. But there were a couple of items that I would point to that would say why we didn't get all the way to the $0.25 and they would be primarily related to we had a Robinson Nuclear Recovery plan that we helped fund for the year so we needed to do some things there to get the performance at the Robinson plant back on track, which has been successful here so that cost us some money. We also accelerated some vegetation management expenditures at both utilities. So I would kind of point to those items as contributing to not getting all the way to the positive variance in O&M.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Now the miss in O&M or the shortfall in O&M, does that reverse in the '12 numbers? I don't know that I see a line note, which is showing that reverse explicitly or is that just kind of missed opportunity to say it pulled some costs out?
Mark F. Mulhern: Yes, what I would say about the '12 O&M numbers, Dan, to your point, it's not on the chart because obviously we've got outages, so we've got nuclear outages that are going to raise up some of the O&M expenditures in '12 compared to '11 and then we've got some, Bill referred to it earlier, some efficiency and some cost management efforts that we're doing. You see we have the pension number on there, a little higher number in '12 versus '11. And then the only other thing I'd point to is we do have -- we're having some significant attrition. Obviously, we're going into the merger so we're probably down headcount-wise about 250 positions year-to-year. So that will help offset some of that higher nuclear O&M in '12.
Operator: We'll go next to Ashar Khan with Visium Asset Management.
Ashar Khan: Can I just go back, this mitigation plan, which you're going to file, can I just understand it better? So what you're proposing is that you're going to build some transmission lines and could you just tell us what that does to, I guess, alleviate FERCs problems that they had with initial filing?
William D. Johnson: Yes, one of the tried-and-true methods of mitigating market power at FERC is the creation of new transmission paths that bring greater import capacity into the market. So to think about real simply, that you've increased the size of the market, so that your concentration of generation is less than it was. That's the simplest way to think about it, I think.
Ashar Khan: Okay. So where's -- where are you going to build a transmission in which areas? Could you just a little bit more elaborate to increasing...
William D. Johnson: I think we would prefer to file that with the regulators first and then talk about it.
Mark F. Mulhern: But we do expect, Ashar, to give some detail to those projects, but we're not -- we will do -- we will lay that out in a regulatory filing here very shortly.
Ashar Khan: Okay, in a week's time, okay. And then Mark, I guess I was just doing a "back of an envelope" calculation based on what you have come out with your guidance today and what Duke has come out with their guidance today. I guess, if one just mathematically put those numbers the midpoint of the ranges, it implies that you need something like $250 million in O&M or synergies to be accretive. Is that -- am I in the right ballpark? Is that what was anticipated when you kind of came out and said that the margin was going to be accretive in the first year, last year, 12 months ago?
Mark F. Mulhern: Ashar, what I would say is it probably had a number of factors in that analysis, right? So we both have had, excuse me, rate proceedings, both some that have gotten concluded, some that have gotten proposed. We got a Florida settlement. Duke's had a rate case resolved in the Carolinas. We got one coming up. So I wouldn't attribute it all to that very simplified math equation.
Ashar Khan: But the deal is still expected, though this was going to be the first year, right, after the merger if everything had gone smoothly. But there's nothing changed, is that correct? That the deal would still be accretive, the first full year which would have been 2012?
Mark F. Mulhern: Yes. And here's how I look at it, Ashar. I mean obviously, things have moved around here and we're developing a lot of different things related to getting the approvals done and timing. So I actually will look probably that -- I would describe 2013 is the first full year of measurement here and I don't believe anything has changed from what we were looking at, at the time we entered into the transaction.
Operator: We'll go next to Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I wanted to ask you guys just to sort of follow-up on Jonathan Arnold's question on the joint dispatch savings. Does this mitigation -- I know that he was talking about fuel, I think. But just in general, does this mitigation, this revised mitigation plan at FERC, do you expect to it -- for it to change the joint dispatch savings that you guys were contemplating previously?
Mark F. Mulhern: We're not quite done with all the analysis around that. But based on what we know today, the mitigation plans shouldn't change that.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, so -- okay. And then with respect to the wholesale upside in 2013, could you guys give us a little bit of -- I'm sorry if I missed it, sort of quantify what the financial impact of these -- all these contracts that are moving around would be?
Mark F. Mulhern: I'm staring at Drennan, Paul, just because I -- we made an announcement when we signed this extension, so there's a new, I can't remember it if it's 1,000 megawatts, something like it will grow to 1,000 megawatts of new load with NCEMC over a period of years. You're probably best off calling him after this call. So we really haven't given those numbers out for '13 just because it's further out in time.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, and then just on Slide 25, the weather, you guys broke it down sort of nicely, so the weather adjusted but I'm just sort of wondering sort of what's going on here? I mean it looks a little volatile, I guess, in the Carolinas and it looks I mean, aside from, I guess, what happened in 2011, it kind of looks pretty dismal still in Florida. So just was wondering if you could share with us sort of what's the tale of 2 cities, I guess, or whatever the story is.
Mark F. Mulhern: Yes, to give a little color on both utilities, I think that, that's right. In the Carolinas, you've seen those numbers are jumping around a little bit. Growth is an important element to us. New customer growth in Carolinas is important. So if you look at that 1.5%, I would say about 1% or maybe a little less than 1% of that is related to this assumption that we're going to have 10,000 new customers added in 2012. You're right, the numbers are bumped around here. You see that 2% number that happened between '09 and '10 and so there's a little bit of volatility here and I think some of it's economic driven, so the state of the economy, unemployment rates, just business activity in general. But I do think we are seeing some signs in the Carolinas. We've got a couple of major industrial announcements, kind of selected this site in South Carolina. So there'll be some momentum around some of this expansion that will help us in the Carolinas. And Carolinas has got a -- also has, as I mentioned, the military base expansion at Camp Lejeune and Fort Bragg have been significant for us just around the peripherals, so not only just the basics expansion but the peripheral around commercial activity and housing activity to support that expansion has been significant. So those are the 2 things I'd point to in the Carolinas. In Florida, we don't really have any industrial base to speak of in Florida. It's really a commercial and residential story. And the story in Florida, a lot has to do with housing and the only point I'd make with respect to the financial impact to that, in Florida we do have some flexibility around this cost of removal element that we don't have in Carolinas. So we've been able to kind of manage some of the negativity in Florida, again, as we believe the economy will continue to recover slowly over an extended period of time.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, and just -- that's very helpful, but just in general, just sort of elasticity or usage per customer, have you seen any trends there in terms of either efficiency or elasticity that you've seen? I mean, I guess primarily the commercial and residential customers that -- I don't know...
Mark F. Mulhern: We have, we have. I would say that our forecasting guys would attribute maybe 2/10, 3/10 of a percent of negativities related to our demand-side management and energy efficiency programs potentially, something like those numbers. So I wouldn't call it overly significant, but when you're talking these numbers, maybe it is.
Operator: We will go next to Brian Chin with Citi.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Going back to the merger and the bridge mitigation plan, can you provide any precedents in which FERC has approved a bridge mitigation plan such that it will alleviate market power concerns once the lines are completed, like any time were they've given approval of that before the lines have been completed?
William D. Johnson: I think there is. We have certainly studied the FERC precedent and all mitigation plans hard over the last month or so. And we think that what we're proposing here is squarely within their precedent. I can't give you the citations now, but I think when we file, you will find them listed there.
Mark F. Mulhern: And the only thing I'd add, Brian, is if you look at the response we got to our last mitigation plan, we got some very specific feedback from FERC about firm power sales and control, about interested buyers that would take the product, about conditions around what we'd ascribe to that. So I actually think when you see this, you will go through a checklist of things that were pointed out in that filing and meet the -- the short-term bridge mitigation plan would meet those requirements.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, great. And then a second question, I know that your timeline has coincided pretty well with what Jim said on the Duke call. But in between the calls, I guess we picked up a little news headline that said the FERC decided against revising its policy in U.S. utility mergers. Just any sort of updated thoughts on that, how does that affect your timeline, if any, given that they're now not going to be changing their definition of market power?
William D. Johnson: I don't think it affects it at all. They've sort of defined what they mean in our case, by their prior orders and so we're just sticking to what they've said. But I don't think that announcement changes anything significant for us.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then last question, going back to the bridge mitigation plan. What happens if it takes longer than expected to site the transmission lines? Is there any sort of contingent fee on the approvals that could be given or how would that work?
William D. Johnson: I think you're a little ahead of our thinking on that question, Brian. But we do know that you can't go in with a mitigation plan that promises to have transmission there later. So the transmission has to show up before you can take credit for it. So you have to figure out how long the mitigated bridge last before you get the transmission built.
Operator: We will go next to Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Mark, I apologize, I dialed in a little bit late. Can you explain again what's going on with NEIL and with the reclassification of the $222 million from receivable to deferred fuel regulatory asset?
Mark F. Mulhern: Yes, I'm going take you to your CPA course for a minute because when you record insurance receivables, the probability standard is a high bar. You have to be confident that you can collect 100% of that receivable and convince yourselves and then your outside auditors that, that's affordable. So what we've done here is be given our pending Florida regulatory settlement. We still -- we have not changed our opinion about the collectibility of these dollars from NEIL. But for accounting purposes, we have re-classed what was in receivables from NEIL effectively to a regulatory asset for the replacement power piece and into construction work-in-progress for the repair piece.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, but these are all related to the first delamination event, correct? Or are these dollars related to the first and the second?
Mark F. Mulhern: No, no. They would be related to the second one, Greg, because on the first delamination, we've actually received proceeds.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, so this money is specifically and solely related to the second delam?
Mark F. Mulhern: Correct.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: At what point in this process of thinking about or negotiating with or arbitrating with NEIL do we start to hear what your sort of cost-benefit analysis is on whether it's even the right decision to repair the plant in lieu of an alternative like a gas plant with sort of the C change we've had in the structural cost of gas? Is it -- is there a scenario where we ultimately -- you've already taken the rate base essentially out of the, at least temporarily, out of the Florida rates? At what point do we know whether you're actually going to rebuild this plant or build a gas plant?
William D. Johnson: So Greg, the settlement gives us clarity on the regulatory path for that decision, right? It lays out a framework for repair and lays out a framework for retirement and that's a fairly straightforward analysis, which is what the benefit to the customer is over the life of the asset compared to alternatives. And so to get to the definitive sort of conclusion you've described, we have to get to a higher level of engineering completion and understanding on the repair options, so that when you make the judgment you've described you have a good basis for doing it. And I said I think sometime in the second quarter, we'll be at that spot. We'll have a good number and we will do that analysis. We have done it on the back of the envelope. We actually did it last summer when we made a filing with the Commission, but will do that in detail once we have a number that we think is reliable and realistic.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, and is that decision dependent on, or independent of, whether the event qualifies for insurance recovery?
William D. Johnson: I think the answer to that question depends. I don't think we can answer that question today until we have more certainty about both of the variables we're discussing here.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, I guess what I'm wondering is it may or may not -- let's assume that's it's a fully covered event. It may still be in the best interest of the customer and the shareholder to use the proceeds to build a gas plant. Is that a reasonable or unreasonable statement? As one of many scenarios.
William D. Johnson: It is feasible to say -- you could theorize, let's say this, that even with full recovery you had options that were cheaper for the customer.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: That's my point. That's what I'm asking you.
William D. Johnson: Yes, I think that's exceptionally unlikely. Yes, I think that's very unlikely. But we have to get to a better number -- not a better, a more refined and complete number on what the repair costs before we can do that calculation.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just I want to make sure I follow something and I apologize for staying on Crystal River 3 a little bit here. But when we look at your capital spending for the year, if we had to think about what your net capital spending would be including Crystal River and backing out recoveries that are Crystal River related, how different is it from what's being shown on the slide? I'm struggling a little bit to true up one versus the other, meaning comparing Slide 20 to what real CapEx would be if you include some Crystal River CapEx as part of what's happening in incremental to what's on Slide 20?
Mark F. Mulhern: Well, Michael, here's what I would say. What we have, so far, are public estimate around repair at Crystal River 3 is $900 million to $1.3 billion. As Bill said, we're doing engineering work and working with EPC folks to nail that down and make sure that we fully understand the costs related to that. We believe that, that those dollars are recoverable through insurance. So the way I would think about this and the reason they're not on this slide is: Number one, I don't know the timing of when we will actually execute those repairs and how those dollars will flow through this schedule. Number two, I believe I don't know with certainty how those dollars would be recovered in the timing of that recovery. So that's the reason they're not on here. You could imagine whatever you want and add them to these pages, but I would net them against whatever the assumed collection would be.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Historically, when a company had to go to NEIL for recovery of spend on a nuclear plant that had an unplanned outage or had an incident, even spending much, much smaller than this, how much of a lag was there between the time of capital spend on the plant and the time of actual cash inflow from NEIL?
Mark F. Mulhern: We can't answer that precisely, but it takes months in the best of cases because they always do an analysis. They have their own internal processes so it is not an immediate kind of payment system. It takes months.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Last item, O&M, can you talk a little bit about what you're doing? Really, it seems like it's more Florida than the Carolinas in terms of O&M management, meaning where did the reductions that you'd gotten to in 2011, that you expect a little bit in '12 and beyond come from?
Mark F. Mulhern: Well, Michael, the recent history we have had and this is just I think a cyclical thing that happens to everybody is we've had some operational challenges in both nuclear and fossil that we had driven our O&M costs up in 2011 and 2010 and then obviously the timing of outages and how we manage those processes are important to us. But across-the-board, we have been managing costs, trying to be more efficient, do things with less people and less spending, so I think we got the opportunity and I think obviously, realistically, we got 2 things happening in front of us. We've got a pending merger that we're obviously looking to gain efficiencies out of. We probably have the best real time benchmarking that you could get. In other words, we're looking down the navel of each other's operation, 2 very good strong companies that operate their fleets extremely well and we've gotten the benefit of looking at how they do things, and they've gotten the benefit of how we do things. I think we have tremendous opportunities going forward to improve our operations across-the-board and obviously reduce cost and do things as well as we can do them. So I think that's how I would really think about that going forward.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And is that dependent on the merger or is that something you could do independent? Meaning, you're not depending on cost synergies -- solely on merger cost synergies to actually kind of reap some efficiencies?
Mark F. Mulhern: No, I think it's mixed, Michael. I'd say there are a number of things that we've identified that we absolutely can do on our own better and save money and be more efficient, but there are also some things of economies of scale and supply chain is one example. Our ability to access and be -- and get competitive pricing just mushrooms when we're a combined company.
Operator: We'll go next to Raymond Leung with Goldman Sachs.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Mark, just a quick question on financing. I think it's pretty straightforward about the utilities, but can you talk a little bit about what you're thinking at the holding company? I think there's an upcoming maturity. I think there was some thought process and maybe you just use your bank line but with the delay of the merger, does that sort of change your thought process, maybe coming with the bond deal?
Mark F. Mulhern: It does. We've got a maturity coming due at holdco that we will look to refinance. Ideally, what our plan was, going into the merger, was we would not do any more Progress Energy holding company, that it would be done at the Duke level. But given where we are and timing, we felt and we've been obviously working with the Duke folks on this as well, we thought it was appropriate to go ahead and refinance the holding company maturity that comes due so we will ultimately get to that.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, so you'll probably do a bond deal, is it? I'm sorry.
Mark F. Mulhern: Yes, that's how it would -- that would -- I think that would be right.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, and could you remind us what the -- for capital spending, just Crystal River uprate cost, what that would be?
Mark F. Mulhern: Looking around the room here, some of it we've already spent, we've got more to do and it'll likely be in the tail end of this so I'm thinking while we're deciding on repairs that EPU stuff will probably be pushed out a little bit in time, is the way I would think about it. But I'll get you those numbers -- I'm looking about it, we'll get you that number.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, and the last thing is just on the transmission mitigation issue in terms of those expenditures. They're not built into those current CapEx budget, correct?
Mark F. Mulhern: Correct.
Operator: We'll go next to Kunal [ph] Patel with Wells Fargo.
Unknown Analyst: I had a quick question, hopefully it's quick. There have been a couple of media reports done and more Florida local media about a third delamination. Could you elaborate or explain or quell that rumor?
William D. Johnson: Let me explain. That building, which has now been delaminated and is still tensioned in large part had some minor continuing cracking. This is not something that is unexpected or worrisome. But yes, there have been some other things, but not of the magnitude of the one from last March.
Unknown Analyst: So in that case, will this qualify as a third incident in your request with NEIL?
William D. Johnson: I don't think so. I think what we're going about is sort of the global repair of the entire building and how that fits into the policy, so I don't think this changes anything one way or the other.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Johnson, I'd like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
William D. Johnson: Great. Well, thanks for being on the call. We appreciate your interest, and we'll see you next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Beau Pratt -  William D. Johnson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Mark F. Mulhern - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Unknown Analyst - 
Operator: Good morning, and welcome the Progress Energy's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks and introductions, I'd like the turn the conference over to Mr. Beau Pratt from Progress Energy. Please go ahead, sir.
Beau Pratt : Thank you, Charlotte. Good morning, and welcome to everyone. Joining me this morning are Bill Johnson, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Mulhern, Chief Financial Officer; and other members of our senior management team. We are currently being webcast from our Investor Relations page at progress-energy.com/webcast, where we've also included a set of slides which accompany our speakers' prepared remarks. Today we will be making forward-looking statements, as well as reviewing historical information. There are numerous factors that may cause future actual results to differ materially from these statements and we outlined these in our earnings release, Form 10-K, 10-Q and other SEC filings, as well as the risk factor discussion also found in our Forms 10-K and 10-Q. For your information, we plan to file our Form 10-Q early next week. This morning, following opening comments from Bill and Mark, we will open the phone lines to address your questions. Now I'll turn the call over to Bill Johnson.
William D. Johnson: Thanks, Beau. Good morning, everyone. I know it's another busy day on the earnings calendar, so we appreciate your participation this morning. I've managed to acquire a cold just in time for this call, so I'll apologize in advance for any sniffing, sneezing or coughing that you might hear.  So as Slide 3 indicates, I'll provide highlights of the third quarter and year-to-date financial results, along with updates on our proposed merger with Duke Energy, the Crystal River 3 containment building repair and a couple of other items of interest. Then Mark will provide more details on our financial results.  So let's start with ongoing earnings on Slide 4. For the third quarter, we reported ongoing earnings of $344 million compared to $361 million for the same quarter a year ago. On a per share basis, we're down $0.07 from the third quarter in 2010. As Mark will review later, the results require a little explanation here.  This quarter's ongoing earnings include a negative $0.08 for the impact of storm costs and replacement power disallowances in the Carolinas. Net of a positive litigation award related to spent nuclear fuel. This favorable litigation was our successful claim against the U.S. Department of Energy for failure to abide by a contract for federal disposition of nuclear spent fuel. As a result, during the third quarter we recorded a $92 million award as an offset for past spent fuel storage costs, including $27 million in O&M expense.  So when you consider these various one-time items, both positive and negative, we're in line with last year's results for the third quarter and slightly ahead of last year's results on a year-to-date basis. Based on our performance for the first 3 quarters and our expectations for the remainder of the year, we are reaffirming our previously announced 2011 ongoing earnings guidance range of $3 to $3.20 per share.  Now let's turn to where we stand on the regulatory approvals of the Duke-Progress merger. There have been several developments in recent months, and you can see the updated merger scorecard on Slide 5. Both companies have made all the required filings. We're still targeting a closing by the end of this year, and both companies are working hard to have the necessary infrastructure in place. The actual closing date, of course, will ultimately be determined by the timing of regulatory approvals, including by the FERC and the state commissions in North and South Carolina.  I'll comment on a couple of noteworthy events in the approval process. Both companies held shareholder meetings on August 23 to vote on the merger. And the shareholders overwhelmingly approved the merger, more than 90% for each company. We're very pleased with this strong response. It's a sign that Duke and Progress shareholders recognize the value of this strategic combination.  In late September, we appeared before the North Carolina Utilities Commission and reviewed the advantages of this combination for customers. The commission is expected to rule later this year.  Then on September 30 the FERC conditionally approved our merger application, expressing what they perceive to be adverse affects on wholesale competition in the Carolinas. In its order, the FERC described a number of different ways we could address their market power concerns, and final approval is subject to FERC's acceptance of our mitigation plan. On October 17, our 2 companies filed a plan to address FERC's concerns. We proposed a virtual divestiture whereby Progress Energy and Duke Energy will offer up to a specified amount of power in the wholesale markets during the summer and winter peak periods. Progress Energy Carolinas will offer up to 500 megawatts during each summer hour, and Duke Energy Carolinas will offer up to 300 megawatts during each summer hour and 225 megawatts during each winter hour. The FERC set a 30-day comment period on our mitigation plan and that clock will run out in mid-November, then FERC will rule on our mitigation plan sometime after that.  In South Carolina, we were originally scheduled to appear before the state's Public Service Commission last week for a review of our joint dispatch agreement, which is the focus of South Carolina's review. But in light of the FERC ruling, the South Carolina commission will now begin hearings the week of December 12. Last week in Kentucky, we received the commission's final approval of the merger. As you might recall, they had given conditional approval earlier.  Meanwhile, we continue to make significant progress in our plans for integrating the Duke and Progress organizations and staffing the new combined company. We announced the full executive leadership team in September, and our business units are now beginning to announce the next level of managers. Next week we will open up the voluntary severance program for employees in certain targeted areas. I'm also pleased with how well the senior leaders of the new company are working together. This senior leadership team was named at the time of the merger announcement in January, and we've been meeting regularly to discuss and decide the many issues associated with a merger of this size. Again, much work needs to be done here, but the integration process has gone extremely well. We're looking forward to the value we will create for customers, shareholders and employees as a new combined company. Now let's turn to the containment building repair effort at our Crystal River Nuclear Plant in Florida. As you might recall, we suspended repair work on the containment building in mid-March after identifying additional concrete delamination in the building. We conducted a thorough engineering analysis and reviewed the structure and evaluated a wide range of repair options.  On June 27, we presented our findings to the Florida Public Service Commission, including our preliminary recommendation to repair the structure and return the plant to service. In July, we filed a preliminary cost estimate for this repair between $900 million and $1.3 billion, with a projected return to service in 2014. We continue to believe repairing the plant is better for our Florida customers than retiring and replacing it. But as I said in June, we are approaching this situation in a very disciplined structured way and continue to assess cost and feasibility at every step. In August, the Florida Public Service Commission established a plan to review the prudence and costs related to the outage, including replacement power cost. The commission divided the docket into 3 phases. The first phase will focus on the events and decisions leading up to the delamination event on October 2, 2009. A hearing is scheduled for June 2012, and we filed initial supporting testimony last month.  The second phase will review the decision whether to repair rather than decommission the unit, and the third phase will include a review of the decisions and events subsequent to the October 2009 event and leading up to the March 2011 delamination and ultimate repair of the containment building. Slide 6 presents cost data for the repair and replacement power cost through September 30. We are still continuing to refine our engineering analysis and developing bid repair documents, as well as continuing to prepare the plant's infrastructure for the repair work.  You can see some details on insurance coverage on the bottom half of Slide 6. As you know, we maintain insurance coverage against incremental cost of replacement power resulting from prolonged accidental outages through NEIL.  We've had ongoing discussions within NEIL, NEIL representatives as they systematically review this claim. NEIL has retained outside engineering consultants, and we are working closely with them as they perform their due diligence. This is a complex matter, and it's in our best interest to work cooperatively with NEIL to provide them with all the information they need to make their coverage decisions. Now I want to spend a few moments discussing several issues listed on Slide 7. This quarter, we resolved the lawsuit with a large holder of the contingent value obligations that were associated with 4 of our synthetic coal fuel plants.  As part of that settlement, we agreed to purchase the holder's CVOs for $0.75 per unit. We also announced earlier this week that we're going to tender for the balance of the outstanding CVOs at the same $0.75 per unit. This action triggered a pretax mark-to-market accounting adjustment of $63 million which we recorded in the third quarter. As it's been our practice, CVO mark-to-market adjustments are not included in ongoing earnings.  You might recall that we issued $98.6 million of these securities in connection with our merger with Florida Progress in 2000, and it makes sense to redeem them in advance of the merger with Duke.  Also during the third quarter, we encountered the fury of Hurricane Irene. This was a significant event for us in late August, and we appreciate the long hours our employees, contractors and other utilities put in to restore power. We incurred O&M damages of $24 million or $0.05 per share associated with the repairs. As a side note, we've sent about 200 Progress and contract personnel to help with service restoration after the weekend's snowstorms to the north of us. Now before Mark goes over to the financials, I want to mention a couple of recent milestones in our fleet modernization program which involves retiring older coal-fired plants and building advanced new gas-fired units. On October 1, we retired the 170-megawatt Weatherspoon coal-fired plant near Lumberton, North Carolina. The 3 coal units at that site entered service between 1949 and 1952.  And on September 22, we had a ceremony renaming our Richmond County energy complex near Rockingham, North Carolina. This facility has 1,900 megawatts of capacity fueled by natural gas. And it's the second-largest station in our Carolinas fleet. The site's latest unit began service in June.  This Richmond County facility is now called the Sherwood H. Smith Jr. Energy Complex. So those of you who are around the industry any time during the 1980s or 1990s will remember the outstanding leadership Sherwood provided this company, including serving for 17 years as CEO.  Now Mark will provide a little more detail on the numbers for the quarter.
Mark F. Mulhern: Thank you, Bill, and good morning. I will cover the topics outlined on Slide 8. Slide 9 shows our third quarter ongoing earnings and for the third quarter 2011, we reported $1.16 per share versus $1.23 last year.  The Progress Energy Carolinas was down $0.11, Progress Energy Florida was up $0.08 and then the Corporate and Other was $0.04 unfavorable.  The main drivers for the quarter were less favorable weather than 2010, disallowances on replacement power costs in the Carolinas, partially offset by lower O&M, lower amortization expenses in Florida and lower interest costs. Slide 10 shows our waterfall chart for the third quarter, and we've identified the major drivers in the key variances. On the positive side, we had the impact of higher costs or removal amortization in Florida, improved O&M performance, which includes the negative impact of storm costs with an offsetting positive for the spent nuclear fuel litigation award that Bill described, lower interest expense in 2010 reflecting the lower rate environment and the impact of resolving the 2004 and 2005 income tax audits. And on the negative side, weather compared to a very strong 2010 accounted for $0.06 of negativity and then we had $0.08 of replacement power disallowances at Progress Energy Carolinas.  This item relates to the challenging nuclear performance we experienced in 2010. You will recall we had a number of unplanned outages in our Carolinas nuclear fleet last year. We have taken significant remediation steps to improve performance here, and the early signs of progress have shown up in the 2011 operating statistics for our nuclear fleet. So this kind of regulatory compromise happens infrequently but in a regulated utility, sharing the impact of operating challenges between the company and customers was appropriate in this situation. So overall the variance from 2010 can be primarily attributed to the replacement power disallowance. And when that is considered, our earnings are effectively in line with the third quarter of 2010.  So now I'll turn to Slide 11 which is our year-to-date waterfall chart and again, several brief points on the larger items here. Year-to-date, we have utilized a total of $205 million in cost of removal amortization in Florida versus $60 million utilized through 3 quarters in 2010.  The very strong weather we had in 2010 accounts for the negative $0.25 item in the year-over-year comparison. The wholesale variance on a year-to-date basis is $0.09 which as you'll recall, we had anticipated coming into 2011 due primarily to several wholesale contracts at PEF that were expiring. So to close my comments on the waterfall charts, I'd repeat the point from the third quarter discussion in that if you consider the $0.08 of replacement power disallowance with the $2.56 year-to-date earnings, we're slightly ahead of 2010's results through 9 months. Slide 12 shows our weather-adjusted retail sales, and there are 3 key points on this slide. The first one relates to the very significant impacts of whether on retail sales at both utilities. So as we said, 2010 was a strong weather year at both utilities and as you can see, weather is 2.6% of the total 3% negative variance at PEC and essentially the full variance in total retail sales at PEF.  Second point is recognition that our growth and usage numbers are still trailing our forecast through 9 months of the year. So we're behind our plan by 1.3% at Progress Energy Carolinas and 0.6% behind at PEF. So lower-than-expected customer growth has been the larger variance, with the usage being closer to our expectations.  And the third and final point is we did see positive movement in growth and usage in both jurisdictions in the quarter. So we expect the full year to be a little weaker than our forecast with a return to more normal sales growth still further down the road. As I mentioned last quarter, our industrial customers showed a strong recovery in 2010 and carry over into early 2011. But starting in the second quarter of this year, our customers began reporting increasing inventories and excess capacity and some have instituted shorter operating hours. This softness carried into the third quarter as well.  On a positive note, we are encouraged by a series of recent economic development announcements in our service territories. Most notably with the announcement that Continental Tire would build a large facility Sumter, South Carolina that will ultimately employee over 1,500 workers. So our service territories continue to be attractive places for relocation and expansion, and this should be a positive for our long-term growth. Now I'll turn to Slide 13, which is our standard slide on customer growth and low usage accounts. Both the Carolinas and Florida continue to show positive customer growth compared to a year ago. Both appear to have leveled out over the last several quarters, with Florida showing in net addition of 8,000 customers year-over-year and the Carolinas adding 6,000 customers year-over-year.  So next I'll turn to the major capital projects on Slide 14, which just gives you a brief update on the major capital projects we have underway, primarily our 2 new combined cycle plants that are scheduled for completion in 2013 along with our Smart Grid program. As Bill noted in his comments, the retirement of older coal units to be replaced by these new combined cycles continues to be executed effectively and is going very well.  In Slide 15, I just wanted to highlight a number of points that you should consider regarding our results for the full year of 2011. On a trailing 12-month basis, our ongoing earnings are $3.01, but that includes the $0.08 negative item for replacement power disallowance.  In 2010, our fourth quarter earnings were $0.45. For the cost of removal amortization at PEF, as I said we've amortized $205 million through 9 months. There is $294 million remaining to be amortized under our settlement over the next 15 months. So this gives us flexibility going into the fourth quarter and into 2012.  On the O&M front, we have completed our planned nuclear refueling outages for 2011, and in 2010 we had 85 outage days in Q4, which hopefully should not recur providing us an opportunity for more favorable O&M comparisons to 2010. So when we consider the flexibility these items provide us, and some of the unusual items I have noted for the third quarter, we felt it was appropriate to maintain our guidance range in the $3 to $3.20 range.  So before I turn it back over to Bill for questions, let me note that the substantial integration planning and regulatory work related to the merger with Duke has not impacted our focus on execution and delivering results.  Our nuclear performance has shown significant improvement. The regulatory flexibility in Florida continues to help offset weather variances, and we are carefully and deliberately addressing our challenges at Crystal River 3. So consistency in performance is what you have come to expect, but it is especially noteworthy in light of these significant merger activities.  So now, I'll turn the call back over to Bill for Q&A.
William D. Johnson: Thanks, Mark. And before we take your questions, please turn to Slide 16. We remain focused on the fundamentals to excel in our core mission of serving customers and to achieve our 2011 earnings targets. And we are making steady progress on our major projects and initiatives.  I'm very pleased with the commitment of our management team and workforce. And I want to say a particular thank you to our employees who did such a good job of maintaining a reliable system this summer. They have remained focused on operational excellence in the midst of what could be a distracting time. It's a real credit to the great workforce we have and to their dedication of the vital service we provide, so thanks to them. And now your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll have our first question from Jonathan Arnold, Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A quick question on Crystal River and NEIL, we noticed that you haven't actually received any replacement power insurance coverage in the third quarter, whereas in previous quarters you've been taking up every quarter. Any reason for that?
Mark F. Mulhern: Jonathan, it's Mark. As Bill described, I think that NEIL is going through a very deliberate process. They hired some outside help to evaluate the claim, and I think they're really just doing their work to make sure that they completely understand the work that we've done and the plan we have. So I wouldn't read anything into that other than we're just working with them on determining their coverage decisions.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But they were reimbursing replacement power and now they're not, is that correct?
Mark F. Mulhern: That's correct. What I would say -- Jonathan, let me just clarify that. I would say we haven't received any payments. We think they are still going to reimburse for replacement power.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Is it just timing? Or is it more related to this kind of overall review?
William D. Johnson: Speaking to both of those, and I think they are entirely focused now on the due diligence involved with this claim. But as Mark said, I wouldn't read anything significant into that other than that they and we are working hard on making sure they have everything they need to get to a determination.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And so for example they-- is there a specific issue they have to determine, look at one event or 2 or anything like that would determine whether there is ongoing? So we thought that the replacement power coverage is going to run into next year comfortably anyway.
William D. Johnson: Yes, I don't think it will be much assistance for us to get into the details of what we're talking about other than to say we are working through the due diligence. They're working through their process. They have a special committee of their board, and we're just working through it.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then one other question we have, I mean in your original guidance for this year, I think there was clauses and other margin. You would have $0.15 item coming from there. And it's only been about $0.03 year-to-date. Is the rest of that showing up in the fourth quarter? Or where is it being made up?
Mark F. Mulhern: Jonathan, I anticipated that somebody smart like you would ask this question. What happened is really it is showing up in lower depreciation because if you recall, what we had anticipated going into the year was that we would have Crystal River 3 back into service so that we would begin collecting to the clauses. The steam generator replacement issue, the power operate issue at Crystal River 3, so it's really -- what is happening is those items have stayed in CWIP and are still in construction work in progress, so you see a lower depreciation number. So you won't see that clause in other margin make up in Q4, but you do see an offsetting positive number and lower depreciation and amortization.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  We'll have our next question from Ashar Khan [ph], Visium Asset Management.
Unknown Analyst - : Can I just ask you, when do we expect this NEIL review to finish?
William D. Johnson: So we are expecting to have a determination from them by the end of this year.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. So Bill, there would be a determination on everything, purchase power cost, whether it's one event, 2 event, whether it is --whether they agree with our assessment of spending nearly $1 billion. Is that correct? That will be an all-inclusive report by them.
William D. Johnson: I don't think I can give you that much detail. I think what we are expecting -- and really the basic question here is a coverage determination of whether it's a covered event. There's a lot of subsidiary pieces to that, that you've just mentioned. But I think the main point is a coverage determination.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. Could you amplify what is coverage -- what do you mean by coverage determination?
William D. Johnson: Is this a covered event for insurance purposes or not.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay, okay. So that is -- and then is there any -- do they have any leeway in terms of deciding how much dollars to give for our repairs or no? Or who decides that?
William D. Johnson: There is a per-occurrence limit in the policy of $2.25 billion, I think. So that's the cap. And what happens below that cap is part of the determination and the process that we're going through with them.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay, okay. And then based on the results you get -- if the base on those results you get, you will then make a determination how to proceed with the Crystal River next year. Is that correct? So nothing can happen until we get NEIL's final answers?
William D. Johnson: So let me give a little color around that. What we're doing now is essentially setting the conditions for conducting a repair, including all of the design work. One of the things that we have learned is the importance of having a lot of design work done and so we're focusing on that, focusing on bid packages. When at some point we will have to make a determination about signing contracts and those kind of things, but the heavy lifting on this will come after there's a determination from NEIL.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay, okay. And that you said you expect it by -- in December?
William D. Johnson: Yes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Paul Ridzon, KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: In the event that NEIL determines this is not a covered event, would they claw back the proceeds you've already received?
William D. Johnson: I'm not going to entertain the notion that they don't think it's a covered event. So we haven't given any thought at all to the question you've asked.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: One question on demand and if you could talk about it in North Carolina separate from Florida. Just curious. What do you expect to see, if at all, a little bit of an inflection in demand? And a while what you're seeing, can you talk a little bit about residential demand characteristics or trends, not just usage per customer but how much is economic, how much is energy efficiency?
Mark F. Mulhern: Michael, it's Mark. If you look at our Slide 12 in the material that we've put out, we have had some lagging to our forecast in both locations. And we really have had 2 pretty unusual weather years, so 2010 was a very significant anomaly in weather. In 2011 we've had, again, a deviation from normal weather. And so some of that has skewed the numbers a little bit. I think in a residential, what you see kind of on a weather-normalized basis for the year-to-date numbers on that chart on 12 is 0.7% or so change from the prior year, in Carolinas down and Florida actually a little bit up. It's hard to really put your finger on efficiency and how much impact it's had on the numbers. But we absolutely believe the economy, the state of play in terms of that has had some impact on usage and on how -- especially in the residential area, how much we've deviated from forecast. You see our commercial and our industrial numbers kind of flat or may be slightly down in commercial year-over-year. But longer term, our belief continues to be that we will see growth return to our territories in some significant way, especially in the Carolinas and Florida. We believe both of them have longer-term dynamics that will be helpful and should grow maybe not to the levels we had experienced in the boom periods, but again pretty good growth. We're seeing a little bit of progress in housing in both locations, in the Carolinas and in Florida, but not to the robust way that it had been at one time obviously. So I think we're just going to slug through a little bit. I don't see anything dramatic that you can put your finger on that would explain some of these things.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Bill, one question just looking at some of the rate case dockets that are underway in North Carolina right now, not necessarily yours but some of your peers. Do you think North Carolina is being -- North Carolina historically was known as a very good, very solid, like large parts of the Southeast regulatory environment. Do you think North Carolina is being set up for a little mean reversion in the wrong direction if you're regulated utility with ROEs coming way in, public staff and one of the rate cases came out with what I would call a pretty big delta between the bid and the ask of what the company requested for in rate cases. Just curious for your overall sense of the regulatory environment there.
William D. Johnson: Michael, I've long ago stopped trying to divine what regulators will do, but I will give you my sense of this. I think the historic norm here of being reasonable regulators based on the law and the facts will continue. I am aware of the situation where the -- that you mentioned with the lower ROE proposal. But that's a proposal from one party and that's why you have rate cases and you have proceedings, so you can put the other evidence in front of them. I think that's probably a reflection of the economic times and other things like that. But I wouldn't draw any adverse conclusions at all based on that. We recently had a week of hearings before the North Carolina commission on the merger. And it was similar to the hearings I've been going to for 30 years down there. So I don't anticipate any movement in the wrong direction as you described.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And can you refresh what are your intentions of when you would conceivably file for Progress Carolinas, the next rate case?
William D. Johnson: Probably '13. We have combined cycles in Progress that we're putting some capital in the ground that we will have to have a case on, but I would anticipate that will be in '13.
Operator: We'll go next to Greg Gordon, ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I apologize if you addressed this, but I hopped on the call a smidge late; busy day, as you know. Where are you in the process of setting your purchase power replacement fuel or recovery for the Crystal River power costs that are outside the deductible -- outside the insurance period at the Florida commission? And when will we know with certainty that you think those costs are going to be passed through the customers?
Mark F. Mulhern: Greg, it's Mark. We have filed our fuel case in Florida, which has in it the projected replacement power costs that we would anticipate for 2012, and so we haven't gotten a decision on that particular proceeding yet. But that will be shortly here.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And is there sort of a feedback loop as it pertains to -- is the commission looking to NEIL to see that this is in fact a covered event so that they can then determine that these are recoverable costs? Or are they on 2 separate independent tracks?
William D. Johnson: I think, Greg, that they're on 2 independent tracks. I mean the commission has a regular cycle of having these proceedings, and they make their decisions. And they have a procedural schedule now for Crystal River broken down into 3 phases. So I think they're really on 2 separate tracks here, and the commission is just following its usual procedures.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So whether or not -- and I know you're not entertaining this presumption as prudently answer to a prior question, but whether or not NEIL fully covers, partially covers or does not cover the second repair does not therefore, from your perspective, influence the decision on the fuel recovery?
William D. Johnson: I think in this case, it does not. But you may have some finding that some of this is subject to refunding later proceedings. Right? So I don't think it will be affect at this time, but there may be some reconciliation in the future.
Operator: We'll go next to Vidulah Merji [ph] with CDP Capital.
Unknown Analyst - : In terms of the 2012 replacement power, can you remind what that number is you filed for?
William D. Johnson: I'm looking around $178 million, Vidulah.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. And how much was it for this year?
William D. Johnson: $130 million, up numbers.
Unknown Analyst - : Now you currently -- just so I'm reminded, you've been currently collecting this in cash? Or this has been kind of accumulated and deferred in terms of -- on a cash basis?
Mark F. Mulhern: Vidulah, we've been collecting it. Again as Bill said, subject to refund. But yes, that has been in the customer rates.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. So then the idea would be then that assuming the insurance covers this and once you receive those proceeds and they go back -- it goes back to customers again or something like that?
Mark F. Mulhern: Yes.
Operator: We have no further questions in the queue at this time. I'll turn the conference back over to Mr. Bill Johnson to offer additional or closing remarks.
William D. Johnson: Just again thanks for being of the call and showing interest in our company, and have a good rest of the day.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: B. Trent - President of Commercial Businesses and Group Executive Lynn Good - Chief Financial Officer and Group Executive Officer Stephen De May - Head of Investor Relations, Senior Vice President and Treasurer James Rogers - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc. James von Riesemann - UBS Investment Bank Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Duke Energy Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Stephen De May, Senior Vice President of the Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
Stephen De May: Thank you, Kelly. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Duke Energy's second quarter 2011 earnings review and business update. Leading our discussion today are Jim Rogers, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Lynn Good, Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer. Jim and Lynn will review our first quarter results and provide an update on our key priority. After these prepared remarks, we will take your questions. Today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. You should refer to the information in our 2010 10-K and other SEC filings concerning factors that could cause future results to differ from this forward-looking information. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website and in today's materials. Note that the appendix to the presentation materials includes additional disclosures to help you analyze the company's performance. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim Rogers.
James Rogers: Thank you, Stephen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate your interest and investment in Duke Energy. During today's call, we will provide you review of our quarterly earnings followed by an update of one, our pending merger with Progress Energy; two, our major construction program; three, our proposed Electric Security Plan in Ohio; and four, our base rate case filings in the Carolinas. These initiatives are positioning the company for long-term stability and earnings growth in the future. I will also update you on Edwardsport and discuss a proposal we filed with the Indiana Commission in April. It is an equitable proposal and provides a path forward on this important project. Finally, I will end the call with some observations on the most recent EPA ruling and the NRC Task Force review of the events at Fukushima. Today, we reported second quarter 2011 adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.33. That compares to $0.34 in the prior year's quarter. With the second quarter, we continued our positive momentum from the first quarter. The company's largest business segment, U.S. Franchised Electric and Gas, achieved solid performance due in part to its new generation investments in the Carolinas and Indiana. This helped offset less favorable weather and higher operations and maintenance costs primarily related to storm restorations. Duke Energy International delivered strong results, as did Commercial Power despite the financial impact of 2010 customer switching in Ohio.  For the year, we are well on track to achieve our guidance range of $1.35 to $1.40 in adjusted diluted earnings per share. And as you all may recall, our third quarter is typically the most significant of the year. I am very pleased with our second quarter performance. We were well-positioned to execute on our business and financial plans for the remainder of the year. Now, I'll turn it over to Lynn, who will give more detail on our financial results for the quarter.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Jim. Slide 6 outlines the adjusted earnings drivers for each of our business segments for the quarter. For U.S. Franchised Electric and Gas, quarterly adjusted segment EBIT decreased from the prior year. While we benefited from weather, this quarter, it was less favorable than the second quarter of 2010.  In addition, we incurred significant storm restoration costs. Both of these were offset by the continued earnings contribution from our new generation investments. Destructive storms have been a theme in the first half of 2011. Storm costs for the quarter were approximately $53 million higher than the prior year quarter. In April, wind storms in the Carolinas and Indiana caused significant outages requiring extensive repairs. In May, severe thunderstorms in Ohio brought damaging winds, hail and tornadoes. According to estimates from the Ohio Insurance Institute, it was the third most expensive natural disaster in the state's history.  As they have in the past, our employees acted quickly to restore power. In fact, after the Carolinas windstorm in April, we restored service within 24 hours to about 70% of the 250,000 customers who lost power. We appreciate our customers' patience and are grateful for the dedication of our employees and those from our neighboring utilities. Storm restoration costs in both the first and second quarter will challenge us to keep the increase in the total company O&M costs within our targeted range of 3% to 4%, net of deferrals and cost recovery riders. However, we continue to work actively to mitigate these unexpected expenses. In Commercial Power, the quarter's adjusted segment EBIT was lower than the prior quarter, primarily due to the annualized margin impact of 2010 customer switching in Ohio, which we will further discuss in a moment. Our nonregulated Midwest gas split continue to perform very well, supported by strong energy margins and higher dispatch. The gas split [ph] dispatched about 1,100 gigawatt hours more than the 2010 second quarter, consistent with the trend we saw in the first quarter this year. Also during the quarter, we entered into an agreement to transfer our 75% interest in the nonregulated Vermillion gas plant to Duke Energy Indiana and Wabash Valley Power Association. Pending regulatory approval, Duke Energy Indiana will hold a 62.5% interest in the plant, with Wabash Valley owning the remaining 37.5%. As a result of the transaction, which is expected to close in the first quarter of 2012, we recognized an approximate $9 million pre-tax impairment during the quarter.  Duke Energy International continued the strong performance we saw in the first quarter. Higher prices and volumes in Central America and higher average contract prices in Brazil contributed to the increase in the segment's adjusted EBIT. More favorable average foreign exchange rates and higher earnings from our equity investment in National Methanol also contributed to the increase.  In our other category, we recorded second quarter 2011 net expense from continuing operations of $52 million compared to $39 million in the second quarter of 2010, primarily due to higher captive insurance losses. Finally, we continue to anticipate a 2011 effective tax rate of approximately 32%. Please note that a discussion of our GAAP reported results for each quarter is included in today's press release.  Turning to Slide 7, I'll spend a few minutes on our customer volume trends for the quarter and the economic conditions within our service territories. Overall for the quarter, our weather-normalized volumes were slightly favorable, led by increase of residential volumes. As you will recall last quarter, we experienced the downturn in our weather-normalized residential volumes, a trend we have been monitoring closely. During the second quarter, however, we saw an increase in residential volumes of 1.6% on a weather-normalized basis. As you see from the chart in the upper left-hand section of the slide, quarterly residential activity has been volatile since 2010. We attribute the volatility to the continued pressure of the soft economy, as well as the energy efficiency efforts from our customers. Importantly though, we continue to experience modest retail customer growth in both the Carolinas and the Midwest, though not at the levels we were experiencing pre-recession. In our commercial customer class, the decline we saw beginning late last year has continued, as quarterly commercial volumes were 0.7% lower than the prior year quarter. Although our service territories have experienced relative stability in office vacancy rates, retail sales activity has recently slowed.  Industrial customer volumes for the quarter were flat, but they are around 2% higher on a year-to-date basis than the prior year. During the quarter, industrial volumes remained strong in the Carolinas, offset by softness in the Midwest. Favorable industrial activity in the Carolinas continue to be broad-based across several sectors. However, it was especially supported by strong activity in the automotive and textiles sectors. In fact, most of our textile customers continue to operate at or near full capacity level. The Midwest experienced declines in the primary metals and related sectors, as the overall economy and lack of rebound in the construction market has reduced demand. Sourcing issues in the automotive sector that resulted from the earthquake and tsunami in Japan also had temporary effects during the quarter.  Overall, the outlook from manufacturing activity across our service territories remains positive. We have found that our primary industrial customers are generally optimistic, but believe the recovery will be slow. A majority of them expect the remainder of 2011 will be favorable compared to 2010 and that this favorable trend will continue into 2012. Yesterday's announcement of the July ISM manufacturing Index, which fell to a level just above the expansion threshold, demonstrates the negligible growth being experienced by the economy. Until we see more consistent and sustainable growth, our economic outlook will remain cautious. As a reminder, our 2011 guidance assumes we would see weather-normalized volume increases of about 1%, driven by growth of approximately 2% in the industrial class and less than 1% in the commercial and residential classes. Given the modest softness we had seen in the commercial and residential customer classes during 2011, we may be slightly below this overall 1% weather-normal volume increase for the year. We will continue to monitor customer volume trends and update our assumptions as we progress through the remainder of the year. I'll now discuss in more details in the competitive environment in Ohio, including the level of customer switching. A chart showing the trend in customer switching since December of 2009 is on Slide 8. As displayed by the light blue and red bars on the graph, you can see that switching has remained relatively stable for the past year. As of June 30, approximately 67% of our native load customers have switched to other generation providers as compared to approximately 65% at December 31. Our competitive retail arm in Ohio, Duke Energy Retail, continues to serve approximately 60% of our Ohio switch load, helping to preserve margin. As a result, Duke Energy entities are providing generation services to approximately 72% of the customers in our Ohio service territory. For the balance of this year, we do not expect to see significant financial impact from additional customer switching. In a moment, Jim will discuss our recently proposed ESP filing in Ohio. We are working towards resolution of this filing by the end of 2011. However, if we do not receive a commission order by the end of this year, our current ESP will continue. As you know, Commercial Power's financial results in 2012, are dependent upon the timing and resolution of this ESP proceeding, and we will continue to update you on our progress over the course of the year. In summary, we are very pleased with our execution of financial results for the first half of 2011. Our regulated businesses continue to realize the financial benefits from our new construction projects as well as the benefits from favorable weather, a trend that continued into July. This has helped us mitigate the impacts of considerable storm costs across all of our service territories. Additionally, our Commercial Power and International segments have performed exceptionally well, and we expect the financial impact of customer switching in Ohio in the back half of the year to be insignificant.  The strength of our balance sheet and continued earnings growth supported our ability to increase the quarterly dividend from $0.245 to $0.25 effective with the September dividend payment. Additionally, our financial strength allows us to avoid equity issuances including those through our internal DRIP plans, based upon our present business plan.  We are well-positioned to achieve our targeted 4% to 6% long-term growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share, as well as our current year earnings guidance range of $1.35 to $1.40. Our focus for the remaining months of this year will be on effective costs control, operational efficiencies and advancing our strategic initiatives. I'll now turn it over to Jim.
James Rogers: Thank you, Lynn. Let's take a look at Slide 9, which contains our merger scorecard. As you see, we have completed all of our required regulatory filings for merger approval. Our S-4 was declared effective by the SEC on July 7, and our joint proxy statement was mailed to shareholders the week of July 11. Duke and Progress have scheduled special shareholder meetings for August 23 to vote on merger-related matters. The Boards of both companies have unanimously recommended approval of the merger to shareholders. We're also working to advance merger approval in the states of North Carolina, South Carolina and Kentucky. In North Carolina, we have filed testimonial support of the merger, and hearings have been scheduled for September 20, intervenor and staff testimony is due on August 26. We're awaiting a procedural schedule from the South Carolina Commission.  In Kentucky, Duke and the Attorney General have filed a settlement agreement with the Kentucky Public Service Commission. Hearings were held in July and we expect an order soon. In April, applications for approval were also filed with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and we expect a ruling by early October. Last week, the FCC approved the transfer of the Progress Energy licenses. And as we highlighted in our first quarter earnings call, the waiting period into the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act has expired.  We continue to move forward with merger integration planning. Integration teams have completed the analysis phase of their work and have begun the process of designing the organizational structure and policies for the combined company. The second tier of the new Duke Energy organizational structure has been developed, and we expect to name leaders of each of these functions by mid-September. Although the merger is expected to result in headcount reduction, our goal remains to minimize the number of job losses through a combination of normal attrition and retirements. To begin achieving the necessary reductions, we plan to offer voluntary severance benefits to certain employee groups by year-end.  All in all, we have accomplished a tremendous amount in just over 6 months. We continue to target a merger closing date by the end of the year. The combination of Duke Energy and Progress Energy will provide the scale and strength necessary to manage future environmental compliance and to build or replace needed capacity. Our greater regulatory and earnings diversity will enhance growth opportunities and reduce our risk profile. And with stable cash flows and a healthy balance sheet, the combined company will continue to support the growth in our dividend.  Next, let me update you on the status of our major construction projects outlined on Slide 10. We continue to move forward with our 4 projects: The Cliffside, Buck and Dan River projects in North Carolina and the Edwardsport IGCC project in Indiana. These projects represent a total investment of approximately $7 billion and about 2,700 megawatts of capacity. They are the cornerstone of our strategy to replace and retire older, less-efficient coal units in anticipation of more stringent environmental regulations. Buck is expected to be in service later this year. Edwardsport, Cliffside and Dan River are all scheduled to be in service in 2012.  Let me now spend a few moments discussing the Edwardsport project, which is about 90% complete. As you all are aware, earlier this year, we filed a proposal with the Indiana Commission to cap the costs of the Edwardsport plant at $2.72 billion, excluding financing cost. This cap, along with other provisions, mitigates near-term customer rate increases associated with cost we incur above $2.35 billion.  This project remains the best solution for our customers, as we replace existing generation and ensure the energy future of Indiana. The average age of Duke Energy's coal-fired plants in Indiana is more than 40 years old. Edwardsport is the first-phase load plant to be built by Duke Energy Indiana in the past 30 years, and is the centerpiece of our fleet modernization strategy in the state and will allow us to close older, less-efficient coal generation and to comply with more stringent EPA regulations. When the plant is completed, Indiana will have one of the cleanest coal-fired facilities ever built in the industry.  As a reminder, the commission has separated our cost increase proceeding into 2 separate phases. The first phase, for which we have the burden of proof, is for approval to recover the $530 million increase in the estimated cost of the project from the currently approved amount of $2.35 billion. The second phase, of which the intervenors have the burden of proof, is related to allegations of fraud, gross mismanagement and concealment related to the project. Hearings on both phases -- Phase 1 are scheduled to begin October 26, while hearings on Phase 2 will begin on November 3. We expect the commission decision on both phases by early 2012. Intervenors have recently filed testimony under both phases of the proceeding. For Phase 1, they are recommending the commission not approve the requested cost increase due to alleged imprudence. For Phase 2 of the proceeding, intervenors contend that Duke should only recover the project's original cost estimate of approximately $2 billion. Our rebuttal testimony to Phase 1 of the proceeding will be filed tomorrow, and our response to intervenor allegation in Phase 2, will be filed on September 9. Our testimony will demonstrate that intervenor allegations are unfounded. We have diligently and prudently managed the Edwardsport project. Slide 11 summarizes the key elements in our recently proposed ESP filing in Ohio. As you all may recall, our current ESP agreement expires at end of this year. In developing our proposal, we saw a long-term solution for the State of Ohio. It balances the needs and objectives of our customers and our investors. It also recognizes the diversity of the regulatory models in this state. We have threaded the needle between the first energy approach and AEP's proposed proposal. Our plan creates long-term stability and certainty for both Duke Ohio and its customers. At the same time, it enhances customer choice and competition for energy. Our filing addresses our expectation that more stringent environmental regulations, increased demand and the need to replace aging generation facilities will lead to higher and more volatile electricity prices in the future. Most importantly, our plan is designed to mitigate price volatility and offer customers price stability over the longer term. This longer-term certainly enables Duke Energy Ohio to earn a fair and reasonable return on its generating assets and provide a structure that will permit long-term utility investments. Additionally, it would help to attract industry, generate jobs and spur economic investment in Southwest Ohio.  The plan also supports competition by preserving customer choice and incorporating competitive energy options. Of course we have proposed options to cure all of our customers' energy needs, our generation will be available to sell into the wholesale market when it is economic to do so. In exchange for recovery in capacity charges on the none but passable bases, our plan proposes to return to all customers a majority share of net profits earned through the output of our generating assets.  In the near term, our proposed ESP will result in rates that are modestly higher than the rates that would be expected under a market rate offer. However, and most importantly, over the plan's 9.5-year term, energy and capacity prices are expected to rise substantially, which causes our proposed plan to be significantly more favorable to customers than the expected results into the MRO. In fact, we estimate that the ESP is lower on average, by about 8%, resulting in a present value benefit to customers of approximately $1 billion. Hearings on our ESP are currently scheduled for September 20, preceded by intervenor's testimony on September 7 and staff testimony on September 14. We are targeting revised rates to go into effect on January 1, 2012.  Turning to Slide 12, I will update you on recent regulatory activities in the Carolinas. On July 1, Duke Energy Carolinas filed a base rate increase with the Northern Carolina Utilities Commission. We requested approval of a $646 million. This translates into approximately 15% average increase to customer rate. Our request proposes an allowed return on common equity of 11.5% with a 53% common equity component. This rate case reflects the need for additional rate increases, as we continue to modernize our plants and system. Almost 3/4 of the proposed increase is due to recovery of capital investment such as the Cliffside coal plant, the Buck natural gas plant, investments in our T&D system and upgrades to our nuclear units. These investments will ensure our continued ability to deliver affordable, reliable and increasingly clean energy to our customers in light of more stringent state and federal environmental regulations.  Knowing that customer rate increase pressures were on the horizon, we have worked diligently over the last several years to manage our costs. In fact, 2010 represented the fourth straight year we were able to hold our total company O&M costs, net of deferrals and cost recovery riders essentially flat. Hearings have been scheduled from November 28, and revised rates are expected to be in effect in February 2012. Within the next week, we plan to file similar base rate case in South Carolina.  Next, I will update you on 2 key industry issues: The finalization environmental regulations from the EPA and the preliminary findings from the NRC's Task Force review of the events at Fukushima.  First, the EPA ruling. As we have frequently discussed, the U.S. EPA continues to work to finalize new, more stringent environmental regulations, which will significantly impact coal generation. In early July, the EPA finalized 1 of these rules -- a Cross State Air Pollution Rule or CSAPR. All states in Duke's service territory are affected by this new version of the Clean Air Transport rule. Even though CSAPR is more restrictive and the compliance periods are more aggressive than originally proposed, the provisions are within our long-term planning assumptions. Over the short term, these environmental regulations would require curtailment of certain generating units and increase costs such as purchasing additional emission allowances for purchased power.  However, the anticipation of more stringent environmental regulations has long been part of our long-term strategic planning process. Over the past decade, we have invested approximately $5 billion to install equipment that comply with state and federal environmental requirements, leaving our coal-generating fleet well-controlled for both sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide. Additionally, when our new construction programs and related retirements are completed, approximately 90% of our coal generation capacity will have scrubbers in operation. As we look forward, based of when our current plan and assumptions, we expect approximately $5 billion to $6 billion in additional capital expenditures over the next decade to comply with the portfolio of regulations. We will continue to adjust and refine these planning assumptions as the EPA finalizes the remaining pending regulations.  Our plans for compliance with existing environmental permit commitments and the new EPA regulations assume we have retired -- and we will retire almost 3,500 megawatts of coal generation or about 20% of our existing coal fleet system-wide by 2015. This coal generation consists of older, less efficient units, for which it is not economically feasible to install advanced environmental equipment. For example, we recently announced the retirement by 2015 of the 862 megawatts of coal-fired generation capacity at the WC Beckjord Station in Ohio as well as 163 megawatts at Miami Fort Unit 6.  We do expect the finalization of CSAPR rules to have some financial impacts. Since the provisions of CSAPR replace the previous Clean Air Interstate Rules, the SO2 emission allowances we hold for CAIR compliance will no longer be needed beginning in 2012. These allowances were recorded as intangible assets at fair value in connection with purchase accounting related to the Duke's Energy merger transaction in April 2006. As a result, we expect to record an approximate $80 million pretax impairment charge at Commercial Power in the third quarter of 2011. This noncash charge will be recognized as a special item and therefore will be excluded from our adjusted diluted earnings per share for the year.  Before I close, I'll comment on the Nuclear Regulatory Commission's report on the Fukushima crisis and update you on our nuclear development plans. As you all know, the report from the NRC Japan Task Force did not suggest risks associated with the current safety of U.S. plants, spent fuel storage or disaster planning. Neither did it raise any potential issues that would preclude licensing new plants and are relicensing existing ones. In fact since March, the NRC has continued licensing work, including its reviews of new plant licenses and issuing license extensions for several existing plants.  After Fukushima, Duke Energy took immediate action to affirm our plants are ready to respond quickly to extreme conditions, whether natural or man-made. As a company, we regularly reexamine our processes and procedures to ensure the highest level of safety in our nuclear operations. This is part of our safety and continuous improvement culture. Over the years, we have made numerous modification upgrades to further enhance the ability of our plants to withstand devastating events. We are continuing to carefully review the NRC report and are working cooperatively with the industry to identify any additional safety enhancements we should make for the long term. We expect there may be some new oversight requirement, as the NRC identifies additional lessons learned from the events in Japan. But until there has been a more detailed analysis of the task force recommendation and the process that will follow, it is too early to speculate on any final regulations and the timing or costs associated with them. We believe strongly that nuclear energy will be an important source of carbon-free generation in the years ahead. Consistent with our long-range plans, we continue to explore regional generation opportunities to meet future load requirements. In July, we signed the letter of intent with Santee Cooper that provides the framework for Duke to take a 5% to 10% interest in the new nuclear reactors at V.C. Summer in South Carolina. Once we have completed a number of important steps and the NRC issues the Summer Combined Construction and Operating License, the letter of intent allows us to buy an interest in the project if we so choose.  Also recently, the South Carolina Commission gave us authorization to spend an additional $120 million through June of 2012 on developing activities for the Lee Nuclear Station. We are awaiting a similar decision for North Carolina and remain on track to receive our COL in the 2013 time frame. As we've noted before, a significant investment in new nuclear by Duke Energy is dependent upon the passage of legislation in North Carolina that provides assurances of timely recovery of financing costs on nuclear investments during the construction period.  Slide 15 lists the key priorities we presented to you in February. I am very pleased with our progress to date. We are on track to achieve our financial objectives and recently increased the quarterly dividend to our shareholders. We continue to advance on our strategic objectives to provide our customers with affordable, reliable, clean and safe energy over the long term. The proposed merger with Progress Energy, targeted to be closed by year end, will create a combined company with the size, scale and diversity to be very successfully positioned for the future. Now, let's open up the phone lines for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go ahead and take our first question from Daniel Eggers with Crédit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Jim, I guess kind of the focus today seems to be on Ohio right now with the potential for AEP to come to some sort of settlement announcement this week for the staff hearing [ph] on Friday. What bearing do you think the settlement could have on what you guys have proposed recently? And what's been the conversation you've had since you guys put out your new plan in the same [ph]?
James Rogers: I think historically, the Ohio Commission has structured different plans for each of the companies of the state. And there is one that's been designed for FirstEnergy, for instance, Dayton. And now they're in the process of working on a plan for AEP. We have presented a plan that in my judgment as I said during our prepared remarks that really threads the needle between the FirstEnergy plan and AEP's proposed plan. And we believe it's in the best interest of our customers over the long term. And I think that is very important, as we look at the forward curves on power in the region. And again, it's about providing affordable, reliable, clean and safe electricity over the long term. We believe we have a proposal that works for our customers over the long term. So again, it's important to watch what happens with the developments of AEP, and we are, of course. But I would urge you to remember that historically, there have been very different plans for each utility in the state.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: And Jim can you remind me when you guys need to have an agreement done if you want to have the auctions in place for effective 1/1/12 rate implementation?
James Rogers: My belief is that we probably need approval in the October-November time frame to be able to do that. But in the event that we don't get it until later, as you know, we keep our existing plan in place until we're able to implement the new proposal.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay. And I guess with the changes at the commission and one more seat to be filled, are you guys comfortable that you can get through a settlement agreement and get the commission to sign off in a timely fashion? Or do you think it's going to be a little more drawn out given the changes?
James Rogers: I believe that this commission has acted timely. There has already been a significant transition of new commissioners, new chairman. But I don't think they've missed a beat in terms of addressing issues before them. So we are confident that they will act in a timely manner.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc.: When I look at the -- a couple of questions. First, when I look at the Ohio assets that are still within the regulated umbrella, and I look at the incremental impact that declining gross margins from shopping have had, it looks to me like from a practical perspective, you're not really making any meaningful return on assets on those assets currently. At least if I run out, if I assume the gross margins you're earning today annualized for the impact of shopping, you're really not earning a reasonable return on those assets, maybe not earning any return on those assets. Is that a fair analysis or unfair?
Lynn Good: Yes, Greg, I think it's fair that the returns are under pressure for the Ohio business. The one specific data point I would point you to is the seat filing for 2010 for all of Ohio, which would include generation and T&D would adjust above 7%. And so we would project to be below that in 2011. That's why as we think about constructing something in Ohio, we're very focused on ensuring that the returns that we earn are putting our proposal forward that puts us in a position to earn returns commensurate [ph] with the investments at stake.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc.: Right. Well if the average return is 7% and your distribution returns are sensibly more stable, that would mean that your generation returns are even -- are below that average number, correct?
Lynn Good: That's correct.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc.: Right, so in some way, shape or form [ph], what's happening is the retail entrants are basically getting a free ride on the back of your capacity and are unable to undercut you on energy without paying what a reasonable return would be to backstop on a capacity backstop. I'm not -- that's what you're attempting to resolve with this filing.
James Rogers: Right. And based on your statement, is it possible you could testify?
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc.: Maybe in my next career. So my second question is in North Carolina, the base rate increase you've asked for is obviously justified by the investments you made. But it is a very substantial customer increase. Is there anything happening on the fuel side or are there pass-through costs that would mitigate the impact of that when it gets implemented?
James Rogers: I think first and foremost, 74% of the rate increase is really tied to our capital program that's been preapproved by the commission. And that is really a very important statistic with respect to kind of the recovery. And I would suggest that this merger that we had proposed, when it goes into effect and we had joint dispatch, that will mitigate some of this increase that we're expecting up from the approval of the rate increase in North Carolina.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc.: Okay. But on a stand-alone basis, there's no big offsetting cost savings that you can point to that would substantially mitigate it?
James Rogers: I guess the only point I'd make is, is that as we went into this rate case in the test year, we had basically have kept our O&M cost flat for 4 years, as I said earlier, in anticipation of this case. So we're able to demonstrate to the commission that we have acted very prudently during this period of holding our costs down, knowing there's going to be at a rate increase coming. And even prior to that, we went to the commission to get approval, so we can invest in energy efficiency so that we could help our customers reduce their usage as prices go up. So again, we've been very sensitive to our customers because they are at the heart of our business. And we want to make sure that we're doing these increases in a way that allows them to handle them comfortably, as comfortably as they can during this period of modernization of our generation and distribution system.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc.: Final question, as you look at the impact of the Crystal River 3 delamination event at Progress both in terms of the exposure to replacement power costs and the uncertainty regarding the claim at NEIL, how do you access the impact that might have on Duke shareholders vis-à-vis the combination?
James Rogers: I think what's important to know is that Progress has provided updates to the NRC and the Florida PSC on status of Crystal River 3. More detailed engineering and construction and analysis needs to be completed by Progress, and they are currently undertaking those responsibilities. The Florida PSC is working to establish the proposed hearing schedule. We'll continue to monitor all of this very closely. And this is an issue that is very important that Progress, and ultimately the new Duke Energy, addresses in an appropriate way. And I have every confidence that we will, balancing the interests of our customers in Florida as well as our investors in the new Duke Energy.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steve Fleishman with Bank of America.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: A couple questions. In the -- first of all, with the DOJ looking like they effectively approved the merger, I assume that means the market power issues are not -- are resolved, if there were any?
James Rogers: I would say the conclusion to draw is if the period expired, and so the DOJ has no opposition to this. And I'm certain that the FERC, in their deliberations may have their own specific tests that they undergo, will take notice of the fact that, that period has expired in their own deliberations.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. In the Carolinas, looks like we're going to get intervenors and staff in late August and then hearing in September. If you were to be in a position to attempt to settle the merger case in the Carolinas, where would the kind of typical timing be for that in the process?
James Rogers: I think that -- we're working on settlement today, both with respect to the merger application as well as starting conversations with our customers with respect to the rate case. And so it's difficult for me to predict kind of the timing of when we're able to kind of bring those 2 cases to a constructive close through a negotiated settlement. But clearly, that's our objective going forward.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Hugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: I have a question regarding the Ohio ESP, which by the way I think is very, very clever and I very much hope it's approved, but my question is this, my understanding, and please correct me if I'm wrong, is that you're proposing to provide the capacity of your coal-fired units in return for a capacity charge and at the same time, to procure energy for your retail load in the marketplace. The nature of the energy that you're procuring, as I understand, is for requirements load following retail electricity whatever is needed to supply the load at Duke Ohio. Have I got that right so far?
James Rogers: Yes, you're on track.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: The difficulty that I have with the plan conceptually is this, it would seem to me that in procuring full requirements, retail electricity to supply load, you'll be basically requiring the winning bidders in that reverse auction to procure capacity themselves. They will have to have the backup capacity to ensure that they can supply the energy required during peak hours. And yet, on the other hand, you're seeking compensation for your capacity in a separate charge. And my question is how to reconcile those 2 things. Would the commission view that as causing the customers of Duke Ohio to pay for their capacity requirements twice?
James Rogers: Well, I think the important thing is, if the auction is going to be around energy, and people would bid in to that energy auction. And they, in all likelihood, will not back it up with capacity, and that the capacity that we have in our capacity charge will basically be the backstop in the event they can't deliver the energy in a timely manner.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Would you supply, say, peak requirements from your fleet or procure peak requirements in the marketplace from others, if the energy suppliers chose not to do so? Or would you expect energy suppliers to meet the full requirements load of your customers?
James Rogers: We would expect the energy suppliers to supply the entire load even on the peak and...
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: But again it requires that they need to have the capacity to do so.
James Rogers: No, it just means I have to go to market and meet they're requirements that they've committed to us. And quite frankly, as you talk to the various suppliers, they all say they have the capability to provide load following energy without lining up capacity.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Real quick, the announcement of the voluntary severance plan and kind of thoughts on O&M, how big of an impact, just trying to think about it in terms of what it means for 2012. And also when do you expect to get a full year's impact from it?
Lynn Good: Michael, we are -- we have just begun some preliminary disclosure around the voluntary offering. We've informed employees that we will offer a voluntary program, the specifics of which will be communicated later in the year. We will then identify which pockets of the company will be eligible for the plan that will occur later in the year. So this is part of kind of preparing the company for the merger. And we'll have more specifics around expectations for '12, which will include O&M and the other moving parts to our numbers after the first of the year, as the company comes together.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it. The other -- when I kind of think about the Indiana and Edwardsport -- kind of changing topics here a little bit. What is the earliest do you think you could see the net-agreed-upon rate increase for Edwardsport actually put in the rates?
James Rogers: Well, based on the current status of the case, we believe that the pending request that we have with respect to quip will be resolved when the commission acts on Phase 1 and Phase 2 of the procedural schedule, which in all likelihood is the first quarter of next year.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So you're saying you would have new rates at the beginning of next year or at the beginning of second quarter next year? And that's just on IGCC 4, which is under review. That's not dealing with 5, 6 or 7.
Lynn Good: Michael, we have hearing dates for 5, 6 and 7 scheduled in November and December. I guess our planning expectation is that the commission would move through Phase 1, Phase 2 and then move through the IGCC trackers within the time frame that Jim just discussed. So it's probably early '12 for resolution of all of these matters.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: Jim, I wanted to make sure I just not -- didn't miss you just saying you're talking about the settlement to the time table on North Carolina. And it sounded like you were suggesting it's possible that the rate case and the merger could somehow be settled kind of together. Were you going that far?
James Rogers: No, no, that's -- appreciate the question. We view these as on 2 separate tracks. And basically, we would push back against any effort to try to tie these 2 together going forward.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: But you did say you're sort of beginning settlement discussions on the rate case or at least talking to the parties?
James Rogers: We are talking to the parties. Again, this is a what I call a rate-based case, with such almost 3/4 of it tied to actual capital expenditures that have been preapproved by the commission. So this is, in many senses in the word, there's not many moving parts, and it's pretty straightforward. And the debate will probably, in all likelihood, be around the return on equity. That's where the debate will be because virtually everything else is straightforward and speaks for itself.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: And when you say you'll push back on efforts to the link for 2 cases of those, are there kind of tangible assets already underway to do that? Or is that more a conceptual statement?
James Rogers: We have seen no effort by anyone to attempt to tie these 2 together.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: And then on -- can you just clarify those reasonably meaningful movement in Central America during the quarter we weren't expecting. What was -- can you be a little more specific what drove that? And is this a recurring type of item or is it a one off or something unusual --
Lynn Good: All right. I'll take that one. Jonathan, we've had a good experience over the years at DEI, experiencing diversification among the countries. And in this instance, Central America has actually had a dry season with thermal plants in the country and have experienced both higher volumes and higher margins. So it's the portfolio that worked this quarter.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. Great. Thank you -- one other, just clarifying, I was following up on the Ohio questions. If there were a customer or customers that were, say, being served under a contract that would have a life on it that went beyond your current ESP, I'm not sure how many that might be, but I believe there are some who are effectively paying for capacity under that contract. How would you kind of avoid the situation with that sort of customer ended up paying twice, at least until that current contract with the supplier ends? Is there some provision for dealing with a situation like that in the ESP or...
James Rogers: Let me ask Keith Trent, who leads our Commercial business, to address that question.
B. Trent: Thanks for the question, Jonathan. First of all, I think you're right that there are not a lot of customers who would be in that situation. Now most of the customers who have switched or are using other providers, their contracts expire at the end of this year. But to the extent that there are customers that have contracts beyond this year, I think it's going to be on a contract-by-contract basis to look at that. Some of those contracts, I think, will have express out that would allow them to, for example, if they're paying capacity today, to get out of paying the capacity in the event they're starting to have to pay capacity under our plan. Another way of looking at that though, is at this point in time, anyone who is entering into an agreement beyond this end of our term, we’re taking on some regulatory risks. And so that's certainly an issue that they, I'm assuming took into account, as they entered into contracts beyond the year. But I think for the most part, those situations can be handled via the contracts they entered into.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Jim von Riesemann UBS.
James von Riesemann - UBS Investment Bank: A couple of questions here. One is -- the first one I guess is following up on Jonathan's questions on Latin America. Can you talk a little bit about some of these recent news articles that suggested that you might be interested in selling the Brazilian assets?
James Rogers: I think, first, I've seen the articles but I've been seeing them for 5 years about every 3 to 6 months. One pops up and says we're selling this to that. But quite frankly, DEI has really saved our bacon in the first 2 quarters in terms of hitting our earnings targets. And there -- it is been a very successful operation, and we're not currently entertaining any offers or any discussions with respect to the purchase of those assets. They proved this year the value of diversity in earnings streams and has really allowed us to meet our earnings target because they have successfully stepped up and delivered.
James von Riesemann - UBS Investment Bank: And the second question, switching topics, is on this letter of intent agreement on Santee Cooper. Well, maybe I know you're in negotiations, but hoping that you could still provide a little bit more color and maybe talk about some of the mechanics. From your prepared remarks, it sounds to me like there's a chicken-and-egg situation going on. Maybe you might actually execute an agreement to buy the minority stake shortly after the COL is issued but before you have enabling legislation in Carolina, North Carolina. Is that correct?
James Rogers: That's correct.
James von Riesemann - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And could you talk or frame some of the economic considerations in terms of what you might expect to pay for? And how comfortable you are in taking a minority stake in the facility without presumably any operational control or say --
James Rogers: That's a very -- it's actually a very good question, and actually, it's one of our concerns. As we evaluate the potential of taking a 5% to 10% interest, we've always said that we really need, and we continue to believe we need legislation in North Carolina that would allow us to try quip on a periodic basis. So that's kind of been -- and that's obviously, as you might imagine, part of one of the conditions that we put forward in making the offer and starting down the road that we've started down with them. But again and without any -- we've not done any true due diligence. We don't really know kind of what we would be buying into. We're working hard to avoid buying and pegging a poke, and we've structured it that way. And so my hope is, is that we can diligently work through this and see if there's an opportunity that really makes sense for our customers as well as for our investors. But more to come on all that, it's really too early to give you any more color on the current negotiation.
James von Riesemann - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And now -- just my understanding is that the folks at SCANA have a say in all this at the end of the day as well. Is that true?
James Rogers: It's not totally clear to us. We're negotiating with Santee Cooper. And we have not, as I said earlier, we have not stepped into the due diligence process to know what the contractual relationship is between Santee Cooper and SCANA.
Lynn Good: The only thing I would add to it is we have long been supporters of regional generation. This is an opportunity for regional generation in our service territory. This is a framework for us to look at taking an interest in the due diligence. It's something we'll be focused on over the next couple of months and have more clarity around that step, as we complete that work.
Operator: And that does concludes the question-and-answer session. At this time, Mr. De May, I will turn the conference back over to you for any additional closing remarks.
Stephen De May: Thank you, Kelly, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. And as always, the Investor Relations team is available for any follow-up questions. Have a great day.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Lynn Good - Chief Financial Officer and Group Executive Officer Stephen De May - Head of Investor Relations, Senior Vice President and Treasurer Dhiaa Jamil - Chief Generation Officer, Chief Nuclear Officer and Group Executive James Rogers - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board James von Riesemann - UBS Investment Bank Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the Duke Energy First Quarter Earnings Review and Business Update. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Stephen De May, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
Stephen De May: Thank you, Anne. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Duke Energy's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Review and Business Update. Leading our discussion today are Jim Rogers, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Lynn Good, Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer. Jim and Lynn will review our first quarter results and provide an update on key issues. After these prepared remarks, we will take your questions.  Today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. You should refer to the information in our 2010 10-K and other SEC filings concerning factors that could cause future results to differ from this forward-looking information. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website and in today's materials. Note that the appendix to the presentation materials includes additional disclosures to help you analyze the company's performance.  Now I'll turn the call over to Jim Rogers.
James Rogers: Thank you, Stephen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest and investment in Duke Energy. Today, we reported first quarter 2011 adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.39. That compares to $0.36 in the first quarter of 2010, an approximate 8% increase. Earnings at the company's Regulated Utilities were slightly lower for the quarter. U.S. Franchised Electric and Gas experienced higher earnings, resulting from the company's power plant investments and modernization program. But, as expected, this was offset by less favorable weather and higher operation and maintenance cost.  Strong results from Duke Energy International and reduced corporate cost contributed to the increase in adjusted diluted earnings per share. These results for the quarter create a solid foundation for the remainder of 2011, as we continue to execute on our business plan.  During today's call, Lynn will first review our quarterly earnings. Then, I will give you updates on, first, the merger with Progress Energy and related filings; second, our major construction projects, including the Edwardsport IGCC project and the procedural schedules in Indiana; and finally, our standard service offer in Ohio. I'll also spend a few minutes discussing the latest proposed environmental regulations from the EPA and the outlook for nuclear generation in light of the events in Japan.  Now I will turn it over to Lynn for a more in-depth discussion of our financial performance for the quarter.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Jim. Turning to Slide 5, I'll begin with an overview of our financial performance for the quarter.  As Jim mentioned, our adjusted diluted earnings per share increased from $0.36 in the prior year quarter to $0.39 in this year's first quarter. A discussion of our GAAP-reported results of $0.38 is included in our press release from earlier today.  The increase in adjusted diluted EPS for the quarter was primarily due to higher results from Duke Energy International and reduced corporate costs which are included in our Others segment. Results at the Regulated Utilities were slightly down. The increased earnings from investments in our modernization program were offset by less favorable weather and expected higher operation and maintenance cost.  Our Commercial Power segment performed better than expected, supported by a strong start for the Midwest gas fleet, as well as our competitive retail arm in Ohio, Duke Energy Retail. Slide 6 outlines the significant adjusted earnings drivers for each of our business segments for the quarter.  First, U.S. Franchised Electric and Gas. Quarterly adjusted segment EBIT for FE&G decreased from the prior year. Even though we continued to experience favorable pricing from our modernization program, principally in the Carolinas and Indiana, we also had more normal weather and higher plant operation and maintenance cost.  As a reminder, during the first quarter of 2010, we experienced significant favorable weather. Heating degree days were 22% higher than normal in the Carolinas and 11% higher than normal in the Midwest. The weather impact to the current year quarter was much closer to normal.  We expected a quarter-over-quarter increase in our operation and maintenance cost, primarily due to the inflationary increases and additional cost from planned nuclear outages and vegetation management. Severe weather has also been a theme in 2011. A first quarter ice storm in Indiana and second quarter wind and thunder storms in the Carolinas and the Midwest caused customer outages and damage to our system.  As a result, we expect to see an increase in storm-related O&M cost for the full year, but we will work actively to maintain this increase within the 3% to 4% increase range that we shared with you in February. I would like to recognize the dedication of our employees and neighboring utilities and also thank them for helping us quickly restore power to our customers who were affected by the storms.  Next, Commercial Power. Commercial Power's adjusted segment EBIT was fairly consistent with the prior year quarter, primarily due to favorable results from the Midwest gas generation fleet which experienced higher volumes and capacity prices. These results offset the expected segment EBIT decline due to the annualized effects of 2010 customer switching in Ohio.  Our nonregulated Midwest gas fleet performed well during the quarter, supported by higher PJM capacity payments, as well as higher energy margins. As a reminder, this fleet will receive capacity payments of $174 per megawatt day through the end of this month. Beginning in June, the capacity payment will drop to $110 per megawatt day.  The Midwest gas fleet dispatched around 2,000 gigawatt hours more than the prior year quarter. This higher-than-expected increase was due to a reduction in natural gas prices, which was more significant than the resulting decrease in power prices, and resulted in greater on and off peak generation.  Duke Energy Retail continues to successfully capture margin in Ohio. The level of customer switching has stabilized and the overall cost to serve our Duke Energy Retail customers was lower than expected. I will provide a more in-depth update of the competitive Ohio environment in a moment.  Our commercial renewable energy portfolio has grown to more than 1,000 megawatts and we continue to target annual growth of approximately 250 megawatts. Even though we have experienced a slowdown in 2010 for additional wind PPAs, we are seeing enhanced opportunities for 2011 solar investments, as well as the strengthening in opportunities for wind and solar growth in 2012 and beyond.  Next, let me move on to Duke Energy International. This segment's adjusted EBIT increased principally due to higher average contract prices in Brazil and more favorable average foreign exchange rates. Results were also positively impacted by an arbitration award in Peru.  Finally, our Other segment recognized a decrease in adjusted net expenses, primarily due to a prior year donation to the Duke Energy Foundation and lower corporate overhead cost.  Before moving on to a few other topics, let me address our effective tax rate and provide an update on bonus depreciation. For the quarter, the effective tax rate was approximately 31%, as compared to approximately 34% in the prior year's quarter. The higher effective tax rate in the first quarter of 2010 was principally due to a $17 million charge from a change in the tax treatment of the Medicare Part D subsidy. We continue to anticipate a 2011 effective tax rate of approximately 32%.  In February, I highlighted our preliminary estimates regarding the cumulative cash benefits expected from the extension of the bonus depreciation provisions. During that earnings call, we estimated a range of $1.5 billion to $3 billion. In late March, the IRS issued clarifying guidance. Most of the expenditures for our major construction projects, including Cliffside, Edwardsport and Buck will qualify for 50% bonus depreciation. A significant portion of the Dan River project will qualify for 100%. As a result, we have refined our estimate to be approximately $2 billion.  Turning to Slide 7, I'll spend a few minutes on our volume trends for the quarter and the economic conditions within our service territories. As a reminder, our 2011 guidance assumes we will see weather-normalized volume increases of about 1% driven by growth of approximately 2% in the industrial class and less than 1% in the commercial and residential classes.  For the quarter, our total weather-normalized electric volumes in the Regulated business were flat to the prior year. We experienced strength in the industrial sector, offset by weakness in the commercial and residential sectors. Let me first address our weather-normalized industrial volumes, which were about 4% higher than the prior year quarter. As the economy and Industrial activity continue to recover, growth persists across a broad range of our major industrial classes including steel, automotive and textiles.  We continue having discussions with our primary Industrial customers to gain further insight as to their expectations for future production levels. Most expect 2011 to be consistent with or slightly favorable to 2010 with that trend continuing into 2012. For the quarter, our weather-normalized residential volumes were down about 2%, a trend that has been recognized by other utilities during this earnings season. Although we continue to see modest growth in the number of residential customers in both the Carolinas and Midwest, there is a small reduction in average kilowatt-hour usage per residential customer. A sluggish recovery and high unemployment may be influencing their usage patterns.  Finally, our weather-normalized commercial volumes were also slightly down for the quarter. Despite this weakness, we are seeing positive economic signals. Office vacancy rates in our principal metropolitan areas are trending down, consumer retail sales continue to experience shrinks and the employment picture has slowly improved. However, these trends have not yet translated into sustained levels of growth in the commercial and residential sectors.  For the balance of 2011, we expect to continue seeing growth in the industrial class. It is too early to determine if the recent weakness in residential and commercial usage is a continuing trend, but we will watch it closely as we progress through the year.  I'll now discuss more details on the competitive environment in Ohio, including the level of customer switching. A chart showing the trend in customer switching since December of 2009 is on the right-hand side of Slide 8. As displayed by the light blue and red bars on the graph, the level of customer switching in Ohio began to stabilize in the third and fourth quarters of last year. This stabilization has continued into 2011.  As of March 31, approximately 67% of our native load customers have switched to other generation providers as compared to approximately 65% at December 31. Our competitive retail arm in Ohio, Duke Energy Retail, continues to serve approximately 60% of our Ohio customers who switched, helping to preserve margin. As a result, Duke Energy is providing generation services to approximately 73% of the customers in our Ohio service territory. We do not expect a significant change in customer switching levels for the remainder of the year.  As a result of annualizing the effect of switching, which occurred in 2010, we continue to expect a $0.05 to $0.06 negative earnings impact for net switching in 2011. We expect the majority of this negative impact to be recognized in the first half of this year. In summary, our financial performance through the first quarter keeps us on track to achieve the $1.35 to $1.40 adjusted diluted earnings range for 2011 that we forecasted earlier this year.  For the remainder of the year, we will continue to focus on effective cost control and operational performance. The strength of our balance sheet supports our ability to continue growing our dividend, targeting a long-term payout ratio of 65% to 70% based upon adjusted diluted earnings per share. Additionally, we are well positioned to achieve our targeted 4% to 6% long-term growth and adjusted diluted earnings per share.  Now I'll turn it back over to Jim.
James Rogers: Thank you, Lynn. Let's take a look at Slide 9 which contains a merger scorecard to update you on our various filings and approval status related to the merger with Progress Energy.  We filed our initial S-4 on March 17. We made amended filings on April 8 and April 25, in response to comments from the SEC. We are currently targeting shareholder meetings late in this quarter or early in the third quarter.  In April, the companies made merger-related filings with the North Carolina, Kentucky and South Carolina state regulatory commissions. Hearings have been scheduled to begin in North Carolina on September 20. Hearing dates in Kentucky and South Carolina are pending. We've also made filings with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the Department of Justice and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.  Our initial Hart-Scott-Rodino Act filing with the DOJ was made in late March and the required 30-day waiting period has expired. Requests for additional information have not been received; therefore, our obligations under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act have been satisfied.  We will continue to provide merger updates to the commissions in Indiana, Ohio and Florida as requested. Additionally, several existing affiliate agreements are required to be modified and will be filed for approval as applicable. Currently, integration planning teams consisting of Duke and Progress employees are on track and preparing comprehensive analysis of both companies. They will identify best practices and processes and determine the most optimal ways to operate our combined organization. We continue to target a closing date by the end of the year.  The status of our fleet modernization projects is outlined on Slide 10. We continue progressing with our Cliffside, Buck and Dan River projects in North Carolina, as well as our Edwardsport project in Indiana. In total, these 4 projects represent investments of approximately $7 billion and about 2,700 megawatts of capacity. Buck is scheduled to be in service later this year and Edwardsport, Cliffside and Dan River are expected to be in service in 2012.  We currently have a request pending with the Indiana commission for an increase in the estimated cost of Edwardsport, from $2.35 billion to approximately $2.88 billion, including financing cost. This project continues to make sense for the following reason. Our updated IRP analysis continue to confirm that we need additional capacity in the state and completing the plant is the least costly option for that additional capacity. The project will help meet the long-term growth needs of our customers in Indiana, with less impact to the environment.  And finally, the plant will use coal, an abundant Indiana resource which supports local jobs in the state. In March, we filed testimony with the Indiana commission related to the cost increase proceeding. In this testimony, we have made a proposal to the commission which is structured to mitigate the near-term customer rate impact of the cost increase above $2.35 billion.  Turning to Slide 11, you will see that our proposal consist of 3 components. First, we propose to cap our recoverable construction cost at $2.72 billion, excluding financing cost related to the project's construction. Cost above this hard cap would not be recovered in customer rates.  Second, we propose to waive the incentive approved by the Indiana commission in 2007 related to how deferred income taxes are treated in the cap structure, an estimated annual pretax earnings and cash flow impact of approximately $25 million.  Finally, we proposed a reduction in depreciation expense that would result in an estimated annual pretax cash flow reduction of approximately $35 million. This proposal strikes a balance between several important objectives: The continuing need for new and modernized power generation, minimizing the rate impact to customers and providing shareholders a reasonable return on their investment. A hearing to review the estimated cost increase, including our proposal to cap recoverable cost is scheduled to begin October 26.  Additionally, certain intervenors passed the Indiana commission to examine whether Duke exercised undue influence over the commission related to Edwardsport. The commission denied this request on February 25 citing lack of statutory jurisdiction. However, they ordered that the Edwardsport case be expanded to review intervenors’ allegations of fraud, concealment and our gross mismanagement, with the burden of proof resting with the intervenors. The intervenors will file testimony on July 14 and the hearing is scheduled to begin on November 3, after the hearing on the estimated cost increase.  Next, turning to Slide 12, I'll update you on our progress in Ohio. In November of last year, we filed a request with the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio to transition to market-based generation beginning in 2012. Our current Electric Security Plan expires at the end of 2011. This market rate offer or MRO, was designed to deliver competitive and fair rates to our customers and create mechanisms to provide opportunities to earn adequate returns on our Ohio generation investments.  In February, the Ohio Commission issued an order denying our MRO filing on the grounds that it did not meet statutory requirements. We filed an application asking the commission to reconsider its decision and they have agreed to do so. We await their pending decision. Our objectives in Ohio remain the same. First, ensuring stable prices and reliable service for our customers.  And finally, obtaining mechanisms allowing us to earn reasonable returns on our investments in Ohio. It is critical that the state implement policies giving utilities the appropriate level of financial protection, allowing them to make capital investments in Ohio. Such investments benefit Ohio in terms of job creation and economic development. We continue evaluating several options for our next SSO filing, including the possibility of filing an ESP proposal in the second quarter. Last week, we filed a stipulation and recommendation with the Ohio Commission. It addresses how cost related to Duke Energy Ohio's proposed move from MISO to PJM effective January 1, 2012, will be treated in customer rates. This stipulation was also signed by the commission staff, the office of the Ohio Consumers Counsel and the Ohio Energy Group. The stipulation proposes that Duke Energy Ohio will be able to recover all MISO transmission cost. Also, we will be able to recover all PJM transmission expansion cost above $121 million over time. MISO exit fees, which are estimated at approximately $20 million, will not be recovered from customers. This stipulation, if approved by the commission, represents a major milestone with our proposed transfer to PJM.  Let me spend a few minutes with an update of recent developments related to environmental regulations. In March, the proposed air toxic rule was issued by the EPA, a rule that is expected to be finalized in November of this year. And the EPA also proposed rules on cooling water intake structures at facilities such as our power plants. And these are expected to be finalized by July of 2012. Slide 13 illustrates our generation profile, in relation to these rules. I want to highlight a few points related to our potential exposure under these proposed rules.  First, the anticipation of more stringent environmental rules has long been part of our business plan. Over the past 10 years, we have spent $5 billion retrofitting existing units with updated emissions controls. These investments have helped us to reduce sulfur dioxide emissions by 73% and nitrogen oxide emissions by 52% over the past five years.  Additionally, we are currently spending approximately $7 billion on our fleet modernization projects, which will give us the ability to retire a significant amount of our older, less efficient coal generation which has not been remediated with modern emissions control devices. Today, approximately 75% of our current coal generation capacity has scrubbers in operation. This will increase to approximately 90%, once our fleet modernization program and related retirements are completed.  Next, let me give you a few thoughts on the proposed cooling water intake rules. We could have some exposure for additional capital requirements at our once-through cooling steam-generating units. However, any exposure will be dependent upon the final form of the rules, including whether there are requirements for closed-loop cooling systems, as well as how stringent the entrainment provisions are.  Finally, it is important to highlight that rather than looking at each of the proposed rules individually, we evaluate all of the pending environmental requirements together. Any economic decision to spend additional capital or retire units are based on the totality of all proposed environmental rules and expected future regulations taken together. Such decisions will be dependent upon finalization of the rules, as well as reasonable time frame for compliance.  We are currently modeling several potential scenarios which could result in additional capital expenditures of approximately $5 billion for compliance over the next 10 years. In the short-term, our current 3-year CapEx plan assumes environmental capital of approximately $800 million through 2013, mostly for updating some of our current emission controls in the Carolinas and Indiana.  As the EPA further defines these proposed rules, it is important for them to consider the following: First, there must be a reasonable transition period in order to allow utilities to comply with the new rules. The rules proposed have compliance periods that are too aggressive and do not give us adequate time to permit and install new pollution control devices.  Second, this could result in more plant closures than would otherwise be necessary, causing a strain on our ability to continue providing reliable power.  And finally, we must also ensure that the EPA maintains flexibility in how we can comply with the rules, helping to keep the cost of compliance to a reasonable level. We will continue to evaluate these rules and refine our assumptions as appropriate. Additional information on our environmental initiatives and sustainability plans are contained in a recently released Duke Energy sustainability report now available on our website.  Moving on to a nuclear update. The recent devastating earthquake and tsunami in Japan will result in increased scrutiny on nuclear operators throughout the world. The NRC announced a review of nuclear risk in the United States, a process that will, in our judgment, likely stretch into 2012. We support this review and will be active participants in the process.  As you recall, we operate 7 nuclear units, and the map on Slide 14 shows you their locations. Since March 11, when the earthquake and tsunami hit Japan, we have been actively working through multiple industry organizations, including the Institute of Nuclear Power Operations and the Nuclear Energy Institute, to offer assistance to the people of Japan.  It is too early to speculate on any outcomes of the NRC's review process. However, it is important to understand that safety and continuous improvement are deeply embedded in the culture of our company. And they are especially strong within our nuclear organization. We have been safely operating our Duke Energy nuclear plants for almost 40 years. And last year marked the 11th year we have had capacity factor above 90%.  We routinely incorporate lessons learned from worldwide experiences, as we did after Three Mile island and after the events of 9/11. Likewise, we will incorporate the lessons we learned from our own analysis and the NRC's review of the events in Japan.  As you know, we are in the early stages of developing our proposed Lee Nuclear Station in South Carolina. We expect it to be operational in the early 2020s which gives us plenty of time to carefully analyze and incorporate the knowledge we will gain from Japan's experience. In order to continue maintaining new nuclear as an option, we have filed amended project development applications for the Lee project with both the North Carolina and South Carolina commissions. These applications request approval of our decisions to continue incurring project development-related cost for Lee Nuclear. We anticipate receipt of our combined construction and operating license in 2013, and we will continue pursuing additional nuclear partners.  Finally, we must obtain the appropriate legislative framework in North Carolina that will allow us to invest in new nuclear development. Although we're experiencing continuous support for nuclear generation, the events in Japan have affected views of the appropriate timing for legislation related to the annual recovery of financing cost for new projects.  The legislative filing deadlines in the general assembly passed without the introduction of desired legislation. We believe this legislation is critical to keeping nuclear power an option for North Carolina, and we continue to work with policymakers on this issue.  On Slide 15, you'll see the key priorities that we presented in February. In 2011, our focus remains on successful completion of the merger. Excellent operating performance, efficient cost management, a strong balance sheet and continuing to deliver a competitive total shareholder return to our investors.2011 will be an important year for regulatory activity, as we will be making filings for updated rates in the Carolinas and working on our next steps in Ohio.  Additionally, we continue to work toward a constructive outcome in Indiana on our Edwardsport cost increase proceeding. I am pleased with where we are through the first quarter and with our employees’ continued focus on our day-to-day operations. This supports our mission to deliver affordable, reliable and clean energy, benefiting our customers, investors and the communities in which we serve.  Now let's open up the phone lines for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Angie Storozynski from Macquarie Capital.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: You mentioned that you expect your customers switching to stabilize and you actually do not expect change as to the current level of switching going forward. And yet we have 2 big companies in your region, both with very aggressive retail plans. How can you reconcile those 2?
Lynn Good: I think if you look at the slide that we shared on Slide 9, we've been at the switching experience for some time. And early on, we saw rapid switching of the industrial and commercial base and now we're kind of into residential. And you'll notice that we've seen stabilization really going back into the third quarter of 2010. And so I think we're into an area with a customer base that's frankly stickier than what we've experienced early on. And the other thing I would say is, in addition to switching perhaps stabilizing, we've also been very aggressive with our own retail offering and been successful in retaining customers in that way.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: And do you expect that trend to continue past 2011?
Lynn Good: Angie, I think 2012 is difficult to predict because we don't yet have a price for 2012. That's the importance of the SSO negotiation that's ongoing. So I think it's premature to talk about '12 at this point.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Two questions, one related to the merger. How should we think about the risk or reward to the potential O&M synergy? The nonfuel O&M synergies level. Meaning your ability to far exceed the level of O&M synergies you've discussed and the challenges you'll likely face to get to the levels you've discussed?
Lynn Good: Michael, I'll start. I'm sure Jim will have something to add. We've been focused early on and describing quite clearly the fuel and joint dispatch savings on the merger. And so on our filings, you'll notice our reference to $700 million that our intent would be to flow to customers right away. We're still in the midst of merger integration planning. We have not disclosed a specific target on nonfuel O&M. We do expect, because of the contiguous nature of the companies and certainly corporate cost, et cetera, that we'll be able to achieve what would be a very significant amount in that area. But it will depend upon how the integration comes together and it'll come together over time. So as we get closer to closing and further into integration, we'll be in a position to talk more about it. But at this point, nothing further.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And second, Jim, when you think about the environmental regulations, especially the HAP or the MACT rules, how much flexibility do you think the administration and the EPA has in terms of the time line of implementation?
James Rogers: Michael, my judgment is that they do have flexibility, with respect to the time line. Although there are some that argue that they don't, with respect to it. But I think it's up to them to make the decision, given the magnitude, the number of rules that are being proposed and subsequently implemented to give us enough time to do this in a way to smooth out the cost impact on customers and do our best to limit the cost increases associated with meeting their targets.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it. So in your view, the Clean Air Act amendments of '90 and prior amendments gives the EPA flexibility on the time line?
James Rogers: I think it does. I mean, think about it. In 1990, when the rule was passed, they had 5 years before they started compliance. Which gave us plenty of time to get ready. They have proposed 3 years now, on some of the rules. And so I think they have flexibility to push those rules out. Historically, it's been 5 years for compliance. Three is inconsistent with the way it's been in the past.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I want to follow up on -- I think you've made a statement, Lynn, that the cost to serve in the Ohio territory was lower. Did I hear that correctly?
Lynn Good: That's correct. For Duke Energy Retail.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And why was that?
Lynn Good: Paul, we haven't dissected it any further than the fact that we were able to achieve cost less than what we have planned. And I think it's a combination of market conditions. It's also a combination of the hedging that we put into place, relative to where we plan to be.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. So you guys sort of -- you sourced it better maybe? Is that one way to sort of think about the...
Lynn Good: I think that's one way to think about it, yes.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then, when you're looking outside the service territory, clearly, you guys have a retail arm there that's working in the service territory. Are there any thoughts about expanding maybe a little bit more aggressively outside since there is some switching and you've got some extra power?
Lynn Good: Paul, we have been competing in Ohio. We have not moved outside of Ohio at this point, but we're trying to take advantage of opportunities we see outside of our service territory as well.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. But any thoughts about anybody in particular you might be looking at or?
Lynn Good: Nothing in particular.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And then, with respect to the DEI Peru arbitration. Is there an ongoing effect from that?
Lynn Good: Paul, that's a settlement of a tax matter that originated in the earlier part of the decade that was resolved in our favor. So it's not ongoing. It's just an event that impacted this quarter.
Operator: We'll go next to Nathan Judge with Atlantic Equities.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: I just wanted to follow up on Page 13 of your presentation, and thank you for this additional detail. There's a couple of questions here. One, could you just kind of reconcile what your outlook, related to the 3 -- coal combustion residuals, transport rule and air toxics rule -- how that expectation stands relative to your expectations at your analyst day in early 2010?
Lynn Good: Nathan, I'll take a shot at it and Jim, Dhiaa Jamil’s also here if they want to add to it. As we looked at proposed rules in all these areas, we’ve been running a variety of scenarios. And as you would expect us to, just kind of using the intelligence of what has been developing in these regulations. So it was within a tolerance of what we were expecting, and we're learning more as these rules are finalized.
James Rogers: I think it's also important, Nathan, to keep in mind that we're going to be retiring more than 1,000 megawatts of older high-admitting generation and that was part of the modernization plan to get prepared to retire that. So at the end of the day, that reduces the cost associated with addressing the emissions issues associated with those old plants. Because the economics really drove us to say, at the end of the day, it's going to be better to retire than try to retrofit.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: And actually, which is a great jumping off point to the follow-on question to that. Your $5 billion has remained pretty constant and the EPA, especially on the air toxics rule, contend that dry-absorptive injection or dry scrub are sufficient to get you to the compliance levels. Can you give us any thought on your ability to do that? And as you see that 14% on the post modernization scenario, in that upper right hand corner. What is it that would still need to be evaluated? Why are these 14% not determined what you’re going to do with the…
James Rogers: Nathan, let me just turn it over to Dhiaa Jamil who runs all our nuclear and fossil.
Dhiaa Jamil: And so, Nathan, the rules or proposed rules particularly on MACT and the air toxics were within the MACT piece, the Mercury piece was within the expectations that we've had in our analysis. So from that perspective, maybe we've lost a little bit of operational flexibility, but the scenarios that we're running remain as we have expected. The new variable that's been introduced is the particulate portion of that, and it is too early for us really to see the impact of that to our plans. The limits that have been proposed include some aspects of the particulate, particularly the condensable ones that we do not have -- frankly do not have data on that we need to go do some testing to see whether it will have an impact on our plans or not. So that's really the only new variable that's been introduced that we need more time to review. We believe we may have a shot at meeting that. It may require some additional control equipment like bag houses, but those are not -- in totality when you look at what we already have, what we plan to retire, may not -- may move the number slightly, but not significantly though.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: And just as a shape of CapEx for Environmental, and I think you've been asked before but it wasn’t a proposed rule. On that $5 billion over 10 years. Can we just get an idea of -- now, with the EPA saying that compliance will be in 2015, is that going to accelerate, i.e. lift your CapEx expenditures between now and 2013 and looking out to 2015?
Dhiaa Jamil: Nathan, once again the variable here is the particulate. And I don't think we're in a position to address that now. We need to do some testing to determine whether our current control equipment can handle that. If it can't, then that would mean we need to accelerate some of that expenditure to the earlier years. Of course, there's still possible, as Jim mentioned, pushing the compliance period beyond the 3 years.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: Yes, okay. And then just up on the Edwardsport. Could you as relates to the construction schedule how confident -- obviously, as you make progress and you're now 85% complete, are we past or are we getting close to a major milestone where you feel highly confident that there won't be any variance? And that estimates that you have currently will be consistent with your plan? Or how -- can you just give us an idea of your confidence in the forecast today versus what you were 3 or 6 months ago?
James Rogers: I think we are confident in our estimates. One of the issues that we're struggling with is labor productivity and that can alter it. But one of the things that we have done, as you know, is put a cap on the construction cost. And we were comfortable with putting a cap on it, primarily because we were comfortable with where we are. But if the labor productivity continues to be a problem, that, at the end of the day, won't translate into huge dollars. But it could translate in cost greater than our current estimate.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: Is there a time line when we'll know what that update would be?
James Rogers: I think it's again, the labor productivity issue is really kind of month-to-month and it's hard for me to give you -- yes, we'll know at the end of this year, we'll know in February. It's having continuous steady productivity from our workers and that's been a problem in the past and I think we have it fixed, but we're not positive of that yet.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: Is there any way to quantify how much potential degradation there is, relative to expectations at this point?
James Rogers: In the terms of a $2.88 billion plan, the numbers are very small. But nonetheless, it's difficult to quantify at this moment.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Fremont with Jefferies.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: My first question relates to the MRO, SSO filings. If we get to the end of the year, is it safe to assume that whatever rate is in effect this year would remain in effect next year? And what portion of that charge going into next year would be bypassable versus non-bypassable?
James Rogers: Paul, it's -- you're right to assume that the rate will continue into effect if we haven't reached any agreement with the commission in 2012. And virtually the portion that's bypassable in '12 will be the same as it is today.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. So there's no change then, in terms of what you're collecting, in terms of non-bypassable charges, as a result of not having either an approved MRO or any ESP in place?
James Rogers: Yes. Doesn't change at all.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then, my second question relates to, I guess it's your Slide 13 on the EPA regulation for the Midwest. What would be sort of the net megawatt retirement number? And I guess that includes I guess Edwardsport coming online under these 2 scenarios. So in other words, it looks like 21% would be the low end and 35% would be the high end. If I'm reading that chart right.
James Rogers: Let me speak to Indiana first. I mean, I think, in Indiana -- I mean, first of all, in the Carolinas, we’re looking at retiring roughly 1,000 megawatts. In Indiana, the number could be as much as -- it's both the Gallagher and the Wabash units. They could be as much as 700 megawatts.
Lynn Good: Paul, I'd direct you to Slide 28 that gives you -- 27. I'm sorry, 27. It gives you the breakdown by jurisdiction of the No SCR and Scrubber category.
James Rogers: Actually both pages, 27 and 28, where we break down each facility that we own -- coal facility we own, I think would be a very valuable information for you all to read and review. Because we want to give you really, kind of this granular detail with respect to each of our units. So you all were able to draw your own conclusions rather than just accepting our statement about it.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: All right. I think the slide sort of tells me where -- what's scrubbed, what's not scrubbed. But sort of going back to what Jim was talking about. Jim, you were saying roughly 700 megawatts potentially, of net closure in Indiana. Anything in -- and what would be the equivalent number for Ohio?
James Rogers: Okay. It's 1,000 in Carolina, 700 in Indiana and I believe it would probably be the Beckjord plant.
Lynn Good: 860 megawatts at Beckjord, Paul.
Operator: We'll go next to Jim von Riesemann with UBS.
James von Riesemann - UBS Investment Bank: Just a couple of questions. Really on a different topic. This American Transmission joint venture that you announced in mid-April. Can you provide some more color around that JV? Why you got into it and then what some of the monies that might need to be committed now and then in the future?
Lynn Good: Jim, we've been pursuing and looking at commercial transmission opportunities. You might recall we announced the Pioneer joint venture with AEP a couple of years ago. Really looking at opportunities to move into transmission to the extent we can find projects. And so this relationship with American Transmission is nothing more than that. We've not made a specific capital commitment at this point, but really have begun to explore transmission with ATC.
Operator: We'll go next to Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: I know it's early, obviously, in the year right now. But if I look at your commercial results year-over-year, for the quarter, and I compare that to what your full year guidance is year-over-year. It looks like you're doing significantly better than what you would have planned for the year. Does that change your outlook for the year going forward? And related to that, how did the first quarter actually end up versus your original expectations, given that you did come in fairly positive?
Lynn Good: Yes, Ali, it's a good question. As you parse the words I just read, it was higher than expectations. So certainly the commercial group had a very strong first quarter and I would point you to improved performance of the Midwest gas assets as being a key driver of that. The generation was up like 200% on peak, 500% off peak. We were able to take advantage of some market conditions. It's premature to reset expectations for the year on this. We would like to get deeper into the year to understand the full composition of all aspects of the business before we raise expectations. But as you noted, off to a very strong start.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And also could you remind me -- when you look at your utility business right now, on a blended basis, on average, what kind of rough ROEs are embedded in your '11 guidance and -- versus what you actually earned in '10? Is that a pick up? Some basis points pickup in '11 versus '10 assumed there?
Lynn Good: Ali, we had a slide in our year-end results, our guidance, that kind of set out ROEs for 2011 and gave some perspective of where it relates to 2010. So for example, in the Carolinas, on an adjusted basis, we delivered 10.8 in '10. We're expecting '11 to be in the range of 9.5 to 10. And as you know, 2010 had an extraordinary amount of weather in it. So we have each of the jurisdictions broken down actually in that year-end guidance which we'd be happy to write to you too.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yes. And so those expectations, again it's early in the year, but O&M expenses, et cetera, that you highlighted doesn't change your thinking for the year, for the nuclear business?
Lynn Good: That's correct. Not at this point.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And last question. To be clear, when you folks talk about $800 million of environmental CapEx embedded in your next 3-year CapEx budget related to the $5 billion you plan to spend over 10 years. Are those the same? So the $800 million is part of the $5 billion?
Lynn Good: Yes, it is.
Operator: We'll go next to Jonathan Reeder with Wells Fargo.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Can you talk about what your strategy would be as far as extending the EPA compliance period? I mean, is that trying to get the final rule extended? Or is it a presidential order? What's the strategy there?
James Rogers: Well, I think we still have a comment period with the EPA and there's been testimony on behalf -- by EEI before congressional committees with respect to extending the time. There's also the possibility that a company could negotiate its own compliance plan, in terms of scheduling the retirements and then compliance. There's a possibility to pursue that. No company has done that yet, but I think it's a possibility. So my judgment is, this is -- these regulations are moving targets, but they are inevitable. And we've accepted that and we've run many scenarios, as Dhiaa said, as to what the schedule will be, what the cost will be, what the implications are for every unit. And so again, we think that we're in the right place, in terms of positioning ourself. One, given our prior investments, as we mentioned earlier; and two, the modernization plan. We have really mitigated a lot of the risk and the cost associated with this program by the early steps that we took.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Do you feel that there's, I guess, consensus within the industry to get behind the extension, be it out to, call it like 2018? Where there's going to be a kind of voice telling the EPA this is what's required. Or is it more just company-by-company basis, depending on the generation mix?
James Rogers: I think -- first, I think the industry, overall, would like to see it delayed. But there's a mix of positions within the industry, because there are those that are in PJM for instance. Where, if you get an acceleration in the retirement of coal plant, it's going to drive prices up. So if you're a nuclear operator there or have gas plants there, you will benefit from those retirements. So there's -- it's kind of where you sit, is your position on these things and how you prepared yourself for what's coming, sort of informs your position. So there are differences of opinion. But I think that, overall, the industry believes it needs a little more time and there's not a consistent -- there isn't a clear view as to how much time. And a little more flexibility, in terms of compliance with these new rules.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And then shifting gears a little bit to the state level. Two questions. One with North Carolina and the lack of the CWIP legislation. Is that something -- if it gets introduced, I guess, into the next legislative session, and presumably you get it passed, that would still keep your aspirations for Lee on time. Is that correct?
James Rogers: Totally correct. I mean, I was on the stand discussing this. And as I explained to them, it was really key -- and this was testimony before the state commission. It was key to us building this plant, that we get a CWIP provision that allows us to track the cost. The alternative to that isn't very appealing to either us or to them, and that is filing a rate case every year. And that would be an alternative way to achieve what we could get with tracking. But it would be very costly and time-consuming for both the regulatory agency and for us. But that would be another way to achieve that objective.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And then, last question on Ohio. Is it your understanding that the PUCO is still, I guess, open to an MRO as opposed to an ESP? Or do they prefer the ESP option in general?
James Rogers: Well, if I was betting the day, I would say their bias is for ESP -- for an ESP and against an MRO. The truth of the matter is, the commission wants to have -- continue to have control over the low cost coal plants that we own and we're perfectly comfortable with them having control, as long as we get a fair return on that investment. And that has been really the whole debate, in terms of working our way through this and a fair return that is not bypassable. And it could be a demand charge, it could be designed a number of different ways. But we think it's really critical that if they want us to commit the assets and we do commit the assets, and it might be for 10 years or 20 years or longer. If they're going to get that benefit, we need to get a fair return on it.
Operator: And we'll go next to Dan Jenkins with Bank of Wisconsin Investment Board.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: State of Wisconsin Investment Board. But -- as first question, related to your financing plans you're showing on Page 32 of the slides, particularly for the Carolinas. I just wonder if you can give us any more detail as part -- when in the year you expect that to occur. And is that primarily for CapEx financing? Or are you refinancing some short-term debt too?
Lynn Good: It's primarily CapEx financing, Dan, and it'll be later in the year. We haven't announced specific timing on those issuances.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. So probably not this quarter then, this current quarter.
Lynn Good: Second quarter? We just started second quarter. I would say maybe. I mean, we tend to look at market conditions and also measure our cash position, short-term borrowings, et cetera. So still under review. We would intend to finance this. We may also take advantage of some pre-funding of planned maturities in '12, but that would be later in the year, 2011.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. And then, you mentioned that you expect, I think I heard you say this, you expect to file another rate case in North Carolina sometime this year.
Lynn Good: That's correct.
James Rogers: Probably midyear.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay, midyear. And then, what's the current ROE that you're earning in North Carolina?
Lynn Good: It's around 10%, 9.5% to 10%, Dan. And so this will be a case that we have planned for some time. It's primarily rate-based case. It's continuing to pick up the Cliffside investment, the Buck plant that is scheduled to go in service this year. So you can expect that to be filed midyear. Both North and South Carolina.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. And then the last thing I had, kind of related to that is, if you could give us a little bit of an update on Cliffside, as far as a little more detail on what are the critical path items coming up on that? And how the budget's going on in Cliffside?
James Rogers: Cliffside is about 85% complete. We expect to bring it online in '12 and we're on plan and on budget.
Operator: And that concludes the question-and-answer session for today. At this time, Mr. De May, I would like to turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Stephen De May: Thank you, Anne, and thank you for joining our first quarter earnings review and business update. As always, the Investor Relations team is available for any follow-up questions. Have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Lynn Good - Chief Financial Officer and Group Executive Officer Stephen De May - Head of Investor Relations, Senior Vice President and Treasurer James Rogers - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG Leslie Rich - Columbia Management Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Duke Energy Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Stephen De May. Please go ahead, sir.
Stephen De May: Thank you, Marie C. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Duke Energy's fourth quarter and year end 2010 earnings review. Leading our discussion today are Jim Rogers, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Lynn Good, Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer. Jim and Lynn will review our fourth quarter and full year results, discuss our performance in 2010, provide an update on key strategic matters and provide financial guidance and our outlook for 2011. After their prepared remarks, Jim and Lynn will take your questions.  Today's discussion will include forward-looking information as a use of non-GAAP financial measures. You should refer to the information in our 2009 10-K and other SEC filings concerning factors that could cause future results to differ from this forward-looking information. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website and in today's materials. Note that the appendix to the presentation materials includes additional disclosures to help you analyze the company's performance.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim Rogers.
James Rogers: Thank you, Stephen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate your interest and investment in Duke Energy. We are extremely pleased with our financial and operational performance during 2010. We delivered on our commitments: One, by increasing earnings in the dividend; two, by operating our fleet and grid exceptionally well at record levels; three, by continuing our cost control efforts; and four, by delivering excellent customer service. To begin today's discussion, let's take a quick look at the fourth quarter. Then I'll spend most of the time reviewing last year's accomplishments. Today, we reported fourth quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.21. That compares to $0.28 last year. The favorable impacts of rate increases and weather were offset by three factors: One, increased costs related to plant outages; two, a discretionary donation to the Duke Energy Foundation of $40 million or $0.02, and without this pre-funding of the foundation for future years, we would have met the consensus for the fourth quarter; thirdly, the continued impact of customers switching in Ohio. For the full year, we announced adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.43, an increase of 17% over last year's $1.22. Our full year results fell within the $1.40 to $1.45 earnings range we forecasted in the third quarter and significantly above our original guidance of $1.25 to $1.30. Even without the favorable weather, which contributed around a net of $0.13, we would have landed at the high end of our original guidance. We continued growing our quarterly dividend to shareholders, increasing the per share dividend from $0.24 to $0.245, a 2% increase. Our total shareholder return of 9.5% exceeded the 5.7% return of the Philadelphia Utilities Index. Despite the demands on our fleet and grid due to extreme weather, we delivered record performance in 2010. Duke's nuclear fleet capacity factor of approximately 95.9% set a new fleet record. This is the 11th consecutive year in which the nuclear fleet exceeded 90%. For 2010, our nuclear fleet had the lowest total operating cost per megawatt hour among domestic fleets for the third straight year as reported by the Electric Utility Cost group. Our nonregulated Midwest coal and gas generation fleet also performed well, generating power at record levels, while staying focused on controlling costs and being available. We continued to diligently control costs. Our O&M expenses, net of deferrals and cost recovery riders, were held flat from 2007 to 2009. In 2010, the modest cost increases we experienced were primarily due to weather-related demands on our system as well as increased costs associated with Duke Energy Retail. The bottom line is we held O&M virtually flat for four years. We also continued to deliver superior customer service. J.D. Powers 2010 residential customer satisfaction study ranked Duke Energy-Carolinas best among large utilities in the South region. And we just learned today that we were ranked second for satisfaction among business customers in the South, moving up from third last year. Despite challenging record temperatures and high demand, our employees consistently delivered exceptional operating performance and excellent customer service. We are thankful for their dedication and commitment to serving our customers as well as our investors. We also made progress on our four major fleet modernization projects in 2010. I will discuss these in more detail next. Turning to Slide 5. You can see the status at Edwardsport, Cliffside, Buck and Dan River. These projects are the centerpiece of our plan to modernize our fleet, positioning us to deliver efficient, reliable and increasingly clean power well into the future. In total, these projects represented investments of approximately $7 billion and about 2,700 megawatts of capacity. By 2015, the completion of these projects will enable us to close about 1,200 megawatts of aging, less efficient coal units and reduce our emission's footprint, better positioning ourself for more stringent environmental regulations. Buck is scheduled to be in service later this year, and Edwardsport, Cliffside and Dan River are expected to go online in 2012. In our renewable businesses, we put more than 250 megawatts of wind and solar projects into service in 2010, ending the year with more than 1,000 megawatts. Each project was completed on time and within budget and is underpinned by long-term power purchase agreements. Additionally, during 2010, we executed more than $500 million of project financings in our renewable energy portfolio. Now let me spend a few minutes on the Edwardsport project Indiana, which is approximately 80% complete as of December 31. It is expected to be in service in 2012. We continued to work to resolve the issues addressed in our April 2010 filing with the Indiana Commission. In it, we requested approval of an increase in the project's estimated cost from $2.35 billion to $2.88 billion. As you know, several groups have opposed the continued use of coal in general and Edwardsport in particular. These groups have raised objections to both the plant and its revised cost estimate. Last month, Duke Energy Indiana filed a motion with the State Regulatory Commission proposing an updated procedural schedule in order to address these issues.  Slide 6 includes a summary of the key dates in our proposed schedule. Although estimated construction costs have increased over the original estimates, our IRP analysis confirm that we need additional capacity and completing the plant is the best solution for our customers. As construction progresses, we continued to monitor potential cost pressures with the project primarily related to labor productivity, including the impact of severe winter weather. In addition, due to the delays in the approval of our quip riders, AFUDC costs are increasing. However, we continued to aggressively explore appropriate measures to mitigate these cost pressures and deliver the project within our $2.88 billion cost estimate. As we step back, it's important to remember the sound reasons for the project. The reasons we started the project continue to exist today. As new environmental regulations are implemented, we expect as much as 1/3 of U.S. coal plants to shut down by 2020. Due to the long lead times required to build base load plants, we cannot wait until our older coal fired units in Indiana are closed to begin replacing them. We're building the next generation of power plants now to provide reliable energy to our customers for the next 50 years or more. From an environmental standpoint, Edwardsport is expected to produce 10x the power for the existing plants with less environmental impact. When completed in 2012, Indiana will have one of the cleanest coal plants ever built, and most importantly, it will meet the long-term growth needs of our customers in the state. The new 618-megawatt plant will replace the existing Edwardsport units that date back to the 1940s. It will use coal and abundant natural resource in the state, which supports local Indiana jobs. We believe Edwardsport is a sound investment in Indiana's energy future. Next turning to Slide 7. I'll update you on our progress in Ohio. You all are aware of the challenges we've experienced there and some of the shorter term and longer term strategies we generated in response. For example, the rapid deployment of our competitive retail suppliers, Duke Energy Retail, and the recent filing of our market rate offer. First, let me update you on customer switching, which began in '09 and began to stabilize in the third quarter of 2010. By year end, customer switching was running about 65%, only a slight increase from 64% in late September. For the year, we recognized about $0.06 negative earnings impact of net switching year-over-year. In response to this competitive pressure, Duke Energy Retail has quickly and effectively pursued customers both inside Duke Energy Ohio service territory and in other utility service territories within Ohio. We have been pleased with the performance of our retail arm. It has acquired approximately 60% of our total Ohio switch load. As we think about Ohio in the long term, our generating assets currently serve an essentially regulated function in that they must stand ready to serve our retail customers. However, under the current ESP structure, we are not adequately compensated for this obligation. In November, we proposed a market rate offer to the Ohio Commission, which would eliminate some of the asymmetrical risks we now experience under the ESP framework. Our NRO is designed first to give us flexibility to deliver competitive and fair rates to customers; secondly, to provide mechanisms that gives us opportunities to earn more adequate returns on our investments in Ohio; and lastly, to provide more long-term clarity for Ohio generation business. We weighed all the options and believe the MRO is the best solution under the current rules. The filing, which is subject to approval of the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio, meets the Senate Bill 221 requirements and positions our generation for the long term. The statute in Ohio requires the commission to issue an order on our MRO filing by late February. In the coming weeks, we also expect to file a request for approval to transfer the Ohio coal generating assets to an affiliate of Duke Energy Ohio, providing us more flexibility in the future for our generation. In essence, we believe the regulatory framework in Ohio is broken. Without provisions in place to assure a competitive and fair return on our investments, it is difficult for us to justify future power plant investments in the State of Ohio. This is not good for Duke Energy or for Ohio. We will continue exploring options to maximize the returns from this business. On Slide 8, you'll see our 2011 earnings outlook. Assuming normal weather and modest load growth, we expect our 2011 adjusted diluted earnings per share will fall within a range of $1.35 to $1.40. This is consistent with our long-term projected growth rate of 4% to 6% based on 2009 adjusted earnings. Our growth is anchored by the investments we are making in the regulated business as we continue to modernize our fleet. We also maintain our focus on cost control and strong operational performance. Now I will turn it over to Lynn for an in-depth look at our financial results in 2002 as well as our earnings guidance for 2011.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Jim. Today, I'll give you a brief overview of our 2010 results. Then I'll discuss our outlook for 2011. As Jim reported, our adjusted EPS for 2010 was $1.43, a 17% increase from adjusted EPS of $1.22 in 2009. This growth was supported by weather, higher rates in the Carolinas and strong operational performance of our fleet and grid. We experienced favorable weather in both the summer and winter seasons. For the year, our cooling degree days in the Carolinas and Midwest were more than 30% higher than normal, and our heating degree days were also favorable to normal by 16% in the Carolinas and 7% in the Midwest. Because of higher generating volumes from our fleet, our O&M costs, net of deferrals and cost recovery writers, were slightly higher than 2009. We worked diligently during the year to control costs at a level consistent with the prior year. However, the increased costs of plant outages and the operating costs of Duke Energy Retail made this objective challenging. We continued to grow the quarterly dividend from $0.24 to $0.245 per share. At the same time, we maintained the strength of our balance sheet and our credit ratings, which were affirmed by both Moody's and S&P in January 2011. A more detailed information on the earnings drivers for each of our segments for both the quarter and the year is included in the appendix of this presentation. The table on Slide 9 shows the 2010 full year results for each of our business segments compared to our projected segment EBIT. As shown, each of our three business segments exceeded our original projections. The strong results of franchised electric and gas compared to plan were principally driven by favorable weather. Our regulated businesses has also experienced weather normalized customer load growth compared to our original expectation of flat load growth for the year. Our weather normalized customer load increased approximately 2% in 2010, principally driven by a 7% increase in our Industrial customer class. Our Residential and Commercial customer classes were flat for the year. Even though we've seen some improvement from the 2009 decline in our total customer load, we have not yet returned to 2007 pre-recessionary levels. In fact, we do not project returning to those levels until about 2015. Commercial Power's results for the year were down about $100 million compared to the prior year largely due to customer switching in Ohio. However, these results exceeded our original segment projections by more than $80 million or around 25%. Commercial Power mitigated some of the customer switching pressures in Ohio by effectively deploying Duke Energy Retail, our competitive arm, allowing us to recapture some of the margins lost from switching. Our 3600-megawatt Midwest gas-fired generation fleet also performed well with record volumes and higher margins due principally to favorable weather. Overall, our strong results for the year gave us the ability to make a discretionary $40 million contribution to the Duke Energy Foundation in the fourth quarter in support of our local communities. This contribution was in addition to $15 million we had made earlier in the year. Our adjusted effective tax rate for 2010 was approximately 33%, slightly higher than our projections for the year. This increase was primarily driven by the recently enacted extension of bonus depreciation, which eliminated the manufacturing tax deduction. In 2011, our focus remains on increasing earnings, growing the dividend, successfully managing our upcoming rate cases and maintaining a strong balance sheet. Slide 10 shows our key assumptions for 2011 earnings drivers. As we pointed out, our 2010 adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.43 was impacted by favorable weather. Excluding weather, our adjusted results would have been around $1.30. Remember that our budgets assume that weather will be average or normal. This slide contains the estimated earnings per share impacts of our segment EBIT projections based upon the midpoint of our $1.35 to $1.40 guidance range. Taking $1.30 as the normalized starting point, we expect U.S. FE&G to contribute an incremental $0.14 toward our 2011 EPS guidance. The first and single largest driver of this growth is expected to come from incremental earnings associated with our capital spending program. The second driver of FE&G's year-over-year growth is the expected economic expansion. If the economy continues its upward momentum, we expect higher volumes in 2011 of about 1%, reflecting modest growth in all customer classes but continuing to be anchored by Industrial growth. 2011 is expected to be the second consecutive year of increases in our weather normalized load. Our Industrial customers policy expect growth to continue into 2011 but at a modest level. Specifically, the automotive industry is expecting to continue the recovery that began in 2010. According to recent projections by J.D. Power, domestic auto sales in 2011 are expected to increase over 2010 levels by approximately 10%. Our remaining Industrial classes are expecting more modest increases. Our Industrial load grew at 7% in '10 over 2009, and we expect an additional 2% increase in 2011. In 2010, the average number of Residential customers increased by about 0.5% over the prior year. Due to continued high unemployment and a difficult housing market, we project that Residential growth in 2011 will be slightly less than 1% on a weather normalized basis. In the Commercial sector, office vacancy rates in our principal metropolitan areas remain high at about 20%. While vacancy rates did stabilized during 2010, we don't expect substantial growth in the Commercial sector until vacancy rates decrease and retail sales strengthen. Similar to the Residential class, we expect the Commercial sector to grow less than 1% in 2011. Our final FE&G driver for 2011 is increased operating costs due to the Buck plant coming online and additional planned nuclear outage, increased employee benefit costs and normal inflationary impacts. These cost increases will be somewhat mitigated by cost reductions from our voluntary separation plan and office consolidation efforts. Moving to our Commercial Power segment. We expect a negative impact of around $0.09. Approximately $0.05 to $0.06 of this change is expected to come from annualizing the impact of the level of switching in 2010. We do not expect a significant change in switching levels in 2011. The balance of the year-over-year change in Commercial Power is primarily due to lower expected results from the Midwest gas assets because of lower PJM capacity revenues and lower projected volumes based on more normal weather.  Moving now to our International segment. We expect an approximate $0.03 increase largely due to higher prices in Brazil. Finally, the last two drivers are interest and taxes. For 2011, we expect interest expense to be approximately $100 million higher due to increased debt balances and higher anticipated interest rates. Our adjusted effective tax rate is projected to be approximately 32% in 2011. Before I discuss our capital expenditures, let me mention our expected operating costs for 2011. Our total company O&M, net of deferrals and cost recovery riders, is projected to grow between 3% and 4% in 2010 compared to $3.4 billion in 2010. Since 2007, our costs have increased an average annual rate of approximately 2%. We're pleased with our efforts to control our costs, and we will remain focused as we anticipate additional cost pressures over the next several years from new plant additions. Next I'll walk you through our capital expenditure projections. As you can see on Slide 11, we expect to spend $4.5 billion to $5 billion in 2011, which is consistent with the $4.9 billion spent in 2010 and includes approximately $1.4 billion for continuation of our system modernization projects. As illustrated on Slide 11, we project the annual spending at about $3.5 billion to $4.3 billion per year for 2012 and 2013, reflecting the wind down in capital spending associated with our modernization program. Over this period, we also anticipate that environmental spending will increase. As you know, the potential compliance costs are subject to considerable uncertainty and will be dependent upon finalization of the rules. Environmental regulations pending by the EPA could require us to install additional environmental controls and could result to the retirement of additional older coal-fired units. Our system modernization efforts and related committed retirements have positioned us well for these compliance requirements. However, under certain scenarios, our capital expenditures for these environmental rules could total approximately $5 billion over the next 10 years. While very little environmental capital is expected to be spent in 2011, for planning purposes, we have included approximately $250 million in 2012 and $500 million in 2013. This level of environmental capital is based upon a reasonable estimate of potential remediation needed for compliance with our current understanding of these anticipated rules. Our expectations primarily involve costs to update some of our current emission controls mostly in the Carolinas and Indiana. We expect significant rate-based growth in our regulated utilities as we finalize our modernization projects and look to recover our investments in customer rates. Depending on the timing of rate case activity, our system wide rate base of approximately $22 billion has the potential to grow to around $28 billion by the end of 2013 principally in the Carolinas. Rate base beyond 2013 will be driven by future environmental expenditures and any new nuclear and natural gas generation investments.  Finally, we continue to maintain a level of discretionary growth capital in both our Regulated and Commercial businesses. These discretionary levels represent capital that has not yet been designated to specific growth projects such as new renewable investments, market development or opportunities in our International business. If we do not find projects that meet our return expectations, we will not invest this discretionary capital. Before we move on, I'd like to update you on our progress in exploring new nuclear development opportunities. In 2013, we anticipate receipt of our commercial operating license for the Lee Nuclear Station in South Carolina, targeting a potential in-service state in the early 2020s. Last week, we finalized an agreement with the Jacksonville Electric Authority, giving them an option to acquire up to 20% of the lease station, a demonstration of interest in new nuclear generation in all regions. This agreement is consistent with our measured approach to reduce risk. We continued to pursue legislative frameworks in North Carolina such as cash clip, which is a must have for us to move forward with new nuclear plant investments. The modest amount of nuclear capital included in the 2011 to 2013 time horizon reflects capital required to continue pursuit of our commercial operating license for Lee. Consistent with the level of our CapEx in the regulated business, we plan to file rate cases in the next few years. Slide 12 reflects our anticipated rate case activity between now and 2013. In 2011, we plan to file in North and South Carolina to update our rates for additional capital investments made since our last rate case filing in 2009. We are evaluating the potential for filing rate cases in Ohio and Kentucky during 2011. The recently enacted bonus depreciation rules, which I'll discuss further in a moment, may diminish immediately for these rate cases. We will make that decision later this year. We also expect to file rate cases for 2012 as we complete our baseload generation facilities. The timing of our filings in Indiana will depend on the outcome of our Edwardsport proceedings. Slide 13 shows our anticipated operating and investing cash flows for 2011 as well as our anticipated sources of financing. Our estimated 2011 CapEx of around $5 billion and the approximate $1.3 billion required to fund the annual dividend are expected to exceed our cash sources. This deficit will be met by new debt issuances of around $2.2 billion. Scheduled 2011 debt maturities are relatively low and most of our required funding will be satisfied through utility company and holding company financings. We will also evaluate pre-funding of 2012 maturities if market conditions are favorable. During 2010, we raised approximately $285 million from our internal equity plans. Because of the strong cash flows in 2010 and the strength of the balance sheet, we do not expect to issue equity through 2013 based upon our current business plans. We are also expecting significant cash flows overtime from bonus depreciation. So let me spend a few minutes on bonus depreciation and pension funding, two important discussion topics during this earnings season. First, bonus depreciation. Many of our current capital expenditure projects, including system modernization and renewable investments qualify for bonus depreciation. Our best estimate is that overtime, we could generate cumulative cash benefits between $1.5 billion and $3 billion from these provisions. This is a broad range and reflects uncertainty over how the bonus depreciation rules will be applied. We are waiting for clarification from the U.S. Department of Treasury to determine which projects will qualify for 50% or for 100% bonus depreciation deductions. As we learn more, we will refine our estimates and share them with you. Of course, the timing of these cash benefits will depend on future taxable income. Even though bonus depreciation related to our regulated projects reduces rate base, the cash benefits will decrease our need for financings overtime and help to mitigate future customer rate increases.  Now I'll turn to pension funding. We expect to make contributions to our pension plans of $200 million in 2011. In 2010, we contributed $400 million. We project our plans to be fully-funded based upon Pension Protection Act requirements.  In closing, I'm very pleased with how we delivered financially during 2010, and we are well-positioned to achieve our targeted long-term adjusted diluted earnings growth of 4% to 6% and our targeted dividend payout ratio of 65% to 70%. Now I'll turn it back over to Jim.
James Rogers: Thank you, Lynn. Before I give you all a brief overview of our focus for the upcoming year, let me update you on our pending merger with Progress Energy, which we announced on January 10. We are targeting a closing date by year end. This combination creates a utility unprecedented in size and scale. But size is not the only consideration. This transaction gives us the ability to more effectively manage the challenges we face today and the transformation now occurring in our industry. This will result in benefits for all our stakeholders, our customers, investors, employees and the communities we serve. Specifically, customers in the Carolinas will benefit from fuel and joint dispatch savings day one. All of our customers will benefit overtime from cost efficiencies as a consequence of the combination. Our investors will benefit from earnings accretion in year one in the strength of the combined balance sheet and dividend policy. Slide 15 contains a merger scorecard we will use throughout the year to provide you with updates on the status of our various filings and approvals. We expect to file our initial S-4 with the SEC in March, after the Form 10-K is filed. Meetings to conduct shareholder approvals of the merger will be scheduled later in the year after we receive clearance from the SEC on the S-4. We are also finalizing various state and federal regulatory filings related to the merger and expect to file most of these beginning in mid-March. In addition to state regulatory filings in the Carolinas, we anticipate filing with the Kentucky Commission for merger approval. Our merger teams have begun initial integration planning. To achieve earnings accretion in 2012, we must aggressively and relentlessly identify and pursue cost savings opportunities this year. Clearly, completion of the merger and integration planning with Progress Energy will be top priorities for us in 2011. During this process, we will fully recognize the need to stay focused on running the business and delivering for our investors, customers and communities. To do so, we'll maintain exceptional operational performance and efficient cost management. We delivered on our financial commitments in 2010. We grew our adjusted diluted earnings per share. We increased the dividend, and we maintained the strength of our balance sheet. We plan to continue this momentum and remain focused on our financial and operational performance during 2011. In our regulated business, in 2011, we will file rate cases in up to four of our jurisdictions, driving for constructive regulatory outcomes. We'll maintain focus on our long-term legislative agenda to effectively reduce the gap between our allowed and earned returns overtime. In the short term, we are pursuing cash quip provisions for new nuclear investments in North Carolina. Our major construction projects are nearing completion with the first of these projects, the 620-megawatt Buck combined cycle gas unit expected to come online in 2011. In Indiana, we're managing costs related to Edwardsport in working towards a constructive outcome with the cost increase proceedings. In our Commercial businesses, our attention will be on successfully reaching a workable and constructive outcome with the Ohio Commission on our standard service offer, which would establish generation rates for 2012 and beyond. And Duke Energy Retail will continue to pursue customers and protect margins in Ohio. We will look for the right opportunities to grow our renewable energy business and our international operations. Finally, we will continue to support the communities in which we operate, helping to drive economic development activities during these challenging times. 2010 was a very successful year. As we look forward to our merger opportunity, our modernization projects and our commitment to both customer service and shareholder value, Duke Energy is poised to deliver superior, long-term performance in 2011 and the years beyond. With that, let's open up the phone lines for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go to Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Jim, one of your other brethren in Ohio has been talking about the idea to potentially re-evaluating SB 221 from a legislative perspective later this year. I don't know if you have any thoughts on that issue. And if that could potentially reshape, how you guys are thinking about pursuing the MRO option?
James Rogers: I think it's clear to us that the regulatory model in Ohio was broken, and we need to find a way to revise it and to structure it in a way that's fair to both our customers and our investors. As I mentioned earlier, there's asymmetrical risk in Ohio today with respect to the impact it has on our investments and generation there. So I believe the time has come or is coming to make a change in the regulatory regime in Ohio.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: And do you still believe that the MRO route is the best option or is it just the best option available given the construct of SB 221?
James Rogers: I would consider it the best option available given the Commission's position on the ability to get a non-bypassable charge that allows us to earn a fair return on the generation that we're required to stand by and provide if and when customers come back. In a sense, Dan, customers in Ohio have a free option. And as you know, in Commercial markets, there are no free options. So we need to get the rules right, so that we have an opportunity to earn a fair return on our generation.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: And then I guess there was a call recently and some talk potentially about re-evaluating Edwardsport to the sense of just turning into a CCGT and stopping the full coal gasification process. Can you share your thoughts on that alternative and kind of the economics of that versus completing the project as designed?
James Rogers: Well, I think the call you may be referencing, we weren't involved in. I think that was by the Sierra Club. And the fact of the matter is we've done detailed analysis of a variety of options from shutting it down to basically continuing it versus converting it into a combined cycle plant. And based on our analysis, the best answer for customers is to complete the plant, and we're on that track. We've done updated IRPs, and virtually every one of them continue to say we need the capacity and that this is the best option for customers going forward.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: And just one last question. So on the Industrial demand outlook for 2011, the 2% growth, maybe it seems like a lot of that 2% growth has already occurred just at the momentum of how 2010 played through. How would you handicap the likelihood of demand looking better than where you guys are for the year? And you had indications from your customers that would suggest 2% is the right number or is it more on the range of being conservative today?
Lynn Good: Dan, it will be interesting. I think we'll have more to say on that as we get into the first and second quarter. We think it's a reasonable estimate based on what we believe is happening on our territory as well as a discussion with our Industrial customers, but more to come.
Operator: Our next question, from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: A couple of questions. My first was, in the third quarter, you had numbers that implied about $0.13 above normal for weather through the third quarter and then another $0.03 or so in the fourth quarter, but your annual factor showed that as $0.13, but talk about it being net of a mechanism. Can you just explain how that works?
Lynn Good: Jonathan, what we did on the slide, I guess, Slide 10 is we actually netted the weather impact with the impact of incentive short-term and incentive payments that put us from target to maximum because as we look forward, we of course would plan that our incentives will be paid at the target level. So that difference between the $0.16 and whether that's a referencing in the $0.13 is the incentive.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: Are they incentives that related to weather sales or these are...
Lynn Good: Related to the fact that we went to maximum on our incentive payout, and that was largely driven by weather.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: So these are employee incentives?
Lynn Good: Yes, it is. Yes.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: And then how do you treated weather in 2011 because you obviously had this very strong start to the first quarter, I would guess.
Lynn Good: You're reflecting on that Northeastern weather, Jonathan?
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: Something like that.
James Rogers: We've had a little bit of that down here.
Lynn Good: We always plan for normal weather, which I think is the only thing to plan for. And so that's the planning assumption going into the year. We'll update on how that looks as we progress.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: So the guidance is weather normal for the year?
Lynn Good: Yes.
James Rogers: And, Jonathan, the other important point is, if you remember last year, we started out at a $1.25 and $1.30. And as the weather kept improving and we were holding our costs down, we increased our guidance twice actually until ultimately to the $1.45, and we will probably do the same thing if we're blessed to have the same weather this year as we did last year.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: And can I ask for this related guidance topic? I was wondering if you could provide some more granularity around the $0.14 growth you expect out of the utilities because you say that net that costs are likely to be higher. And on math, sort of 1% sales growth may be at $0.02 or $0.03 at best of a $10-ish billion revenue number. So that kind of -- and you did say that the modernization program would be the largest piece of this. And it seems to imply a couple of hundred million or more of EBIT coming out of the program. So can you talk through what specifically are the mechanisms that provide those revenues in 2011?
Lynn Good: Yes. And, Jonathan, you need to think about a couple of things. Allowance for funds would be a part of that. It's one of the ways we recognize earnings for capital investment that's not yet in rig. And then we also have riders for Edwardsport. We have quick cash coming into the picture in 2011 for Cliffside. So it's Cliffside, it's Edwardsport, it's Buck and Dan River. We also have investments in our nuclear fleet. We have smart grid. We have energy efficiency. It's all of the programs that generate rider or allowance for funds revenue.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: And I read the slide that the AFUDC might have been in the other category but...
Lynn Good: It is not. It's listed as other information, but it's actually reflected in FE&G.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: Just finally, I didn't hear you specifically reiterate, but I'm wondering if you are reiterating the 4% to 6% growth target post merger after the '11 base.
Lynn Good: Yes, that's our long-term growth aspiration, Jonathan, and we would be using 2011 as the base for the new company.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: Long term, meaning?
Lynn Good: What do you think long-term should mean?
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: I'm not saying it.
Lynn Good: Yes, that's a really good point. Jonathan, I made the point of long term because it will vary from year-to-year as we have rate increases coming into effect, et cetera. And I know there's a lot of interest in us giving more specifics around '12. We're not prepared to give more specifics around '12 because all of the activities that we have to accomplish here in '11, including rate cases, MRO, closing of the merger, et cetera. Right, 4% to 6% is a very good planning assumption for us as we look forward.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Leslie Rich with JPMorgan.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: I wondered if you could just touch on the International segment for a minute. You have an EBIT projection growing 13%. And wondered if you could talk about the drivers of that. I know you mentioned increased pricing in Brazil. Is that driven by an inflation adjustment? And looking forward, what's your PPA status and sort of the earnings growth potential there? Because I see you're not really investing all that much capital in that area.
Lynn Good: Good questions, Leslie. We have actually some repricing in Brazil impacting '11 where we run a very contracted business in Brazil but have the opportunity to update prices overtime. And so the single largest driver year-over-year is updated pricing in Brazil. We do expect our National Methanol entity to continue to contribute about 20% of the earnings. That would be the other point that I would make. In terms of capital growth, we continue to designate capital. We have a few projects underway in our International business, one of which or a couple of which we would expect to come online in 2011, but that capital growth will really depend upon our ability to find projects that meet our risk appetite and return expectations.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: So is that recontracting in Brazil sort of a onetime thing or that's an annual repricing?
Lynn Good: There will be an annual feel to it, Leslie, because we have contracting ranges or tenders between five and seven years in Brazil, some of them longer than that. And we will have the benefit of inflation pricing on those contracts if inflation starts to take off in Brazil. We have inflation protection.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: And then separately, if you could just discuss the strategic rationale between for filing to separate your Ohio generation into an affiliate.
James Rogers: I think, Leslie, the thought here is it gives us flexibility, and it's consistent with the MRO because the way the MRO works overtime, you're moving toward, I mean, you start with the blend of your existing generation and market. And overtime, it becomes increasing market. So at the end of the MRO period, your generation is free from being committed to the load. And so it's very important for us to move it out from under the regulated utility. So we have the flexibility to make decisions about what to do with those assets going forward.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brian Chin with Citigroup.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: Jumping off a little bit on Leslie's last question, when you mentioned, Jim, that the transferring of the coal generating assets gives you a little bit more flexibility, I could take that one or two ways. I could think of it in terms of flexibility to manage your customer load. You don't have that poll of requirement. But then I could also think of it as flexibility strategically to potentially separate out that generation fleet into a more merchant affiliate and do something more strategically with that business. So when you think about flexibility, the term flexibility, are you thinking about it in both senses of the word? Are you thinking about it more in one type or another? Can you just give a little bit more clarity on what you mean by that flexibility?
James Rogers: Sure, Brian, a good question. And let me start out by making a point. If we had a bias, we would prefer to have our assets dedicated to the Ohio load and earn a fair return on that investment, like 10%, 10.5% or 11% return on equity. That's our first choice. And we've been clear with the commission that was our first choice. But if they're not going to allow us to earn that type of return, then we don't want the assets dedicated first, and that's why we selected MRO. And second, we want to get them out because the flexibility we're seeking is primarily, at that point, make the decision with respect to whether we want to be in the merchant business or we want to sell the assets. And I would tell you, my bias today is not to be in the merchant business, particularly in PJM. But again, the timing, the decision about that will be something that will come in the future. The timing of the decision will be driven by the movement in the market. And eventually, the price of power in PJM is going to rise. Even if gas prices are flat, overtime, demand will come back as the economy recovers. And secondly, and this is a fact that's been hard to quantify for many, as you did see a retirement of the old coal plants as a consequence of these stricter, newer regulations on coal plants, if that's going to translate into upward pressure on the price per power in PJM. So we don't have -- our bias is to dedicate to kind of summarize this at a regulated return. But absent that is to free it and at appropriate time make a decision. And our bias at the current time is not to be a merchant player and pursue that strategy, but to exit it. That's our current bias, but we won't make that decision until we have clear facts in future periods.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: And then one separate question on your guidance. On Slide 19, you make the point that you're looking at annualized impact of 2010 switching levels in Ohio. Am I to assume from that phrase that you're assuming that you're only getting the annualized impact of the 2010 switching levels, but you're not assuming any further switching since the switching appears to have levelized out in your 2011 numbers?
Lynn Good: Brian, we have a modest amount of increased switching, but the majority of that driver is annualization of what we experienced in '10. And it's because we have seen stabilization.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: And then lastly, on the stabilization, what do you think has caused that to levelize out at such a flat rate?
Lynn Good: I think it's a reflection of the way switching occurred, Brian. So the more savvy energy users, the Industrial's and the Commercial's customers switched first, and now we're into the Residential class. And frankly, we have not seen a lot of government aggregation, and our Residential customers have proved to be sticky. We'll use that technical term.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steve Fleishman with Bank of America.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just a quick question on the bonus depreciation. So in the 2011 cash flow forecast that you've included your current estimate.
Lynn Good: Yes.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: And the deferred taxes, okay. And when you talk about rate base, I think you said growing from $22 billion to $28 billion, are you encompassing the impact of the deferred taxes in that from bonus depreciation?
Lynn Good: We are.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: So that's a good net number of all this?
Lynn Good: Yes. And, Steve, what I would say is, the low end of the range would be included in that rate base adjustment. So when I talked about cash flow benefits of $1.5 billion to $3 billion, we use the low end of the range for an estimated rate base.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: I'm sorry, I'm not sure what you mean by that.
Lynn Good: Yes, so let me try again. So we have a range of expectation in what can happen on bonus depreciation, if things qualify the level of 50% or things qualify the level of 100%. And there would be an associated impact to deferred income taxes at those two levels.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: So you're using the low end when you talk about the rate base forecast?
Lynn Good: That's correct.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Greg Gordon with Morgan Stanley.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Two questions. One sort of in the weeds and a little bit follow-on to the prior question. It looks like you've also tweaked your CapEx budget a bit, at least relative to the last specific disclosure to 2012. CapEx range looks like it is $300 million lower on the low end and $500 million or $600 million lower on the high end than you last disclosed. Should I presume that that's because -- I remember you saying that you had sort of a placeholder for discretionary CapEx in there. Should I presume that that's now gone? Or is it a lot more puts and takes that go into that? And then the second question is, I presume that's also factored into your rate base growth update.
Lynn Good: The answer to the question is, Greg, we do refine CapEx as we get closer in, and as '11 and '12 develop we get more specific in the way we're think about it. We have made some adjustments on discretionary. We've also reflected environmental for the first time. So it's a combination of being closer and then more refined in our estimates. And the revised estimates are what are implied in the rate base number as we just talked about.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: And then the second question relates to the growth rate aspiration. I presume that the growth rate aspiration is predicated on the assumption that the merger does in fact close and sort of your looking at sort of the opportunities for the company pro forma post '11 as opposed to standalone post '11 when you worked that growth rate.
Lynn Good: Greg, it's a good question. What I would say is that the merger really positions us more solidly within the growth range of 4% to 6%. As you know, we've got some weakness in Ohio. We've got repricing that's going to happen as a result of the MRO in '12. So on a standalone basis, we would've been trending in the lower end of that range, so the merger gives us an opportunity to have greater confidence and positions us more solidly within the range.
Operator: We'll take our last question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I'm looking at Slide 24, and it's the estimated and the actual ROEs at you're various regulated businesses. I guess, historically, Duke had been an industry leader in terms of actually earning at or even, in some cases, better than the authorized ROE levels, but it looks like your 2011 outlook is kind of showing that you expect to under earn in a number of the jurisdictions, almost a little bit of a mean reversion towards kind of what most of your peers actually do in the industry. Just curious, is lag becoming more of a long-term challenge than it historically had been for Duke? And what are the items or steps you guys can take to help mitigate lag?
Lynn Good: I'll take a shot, and I'm sure Jim has some comments as well. I think '11 is an interesting year, Michael, in that we have no new rate cases coming in. And so we will have inflation impacts, we also have a slower load growth assumption that we might have had several years ago that would contribute to lower returns. But we believe, overtime, as we put these rate cases into effect and as we continue to work on legislative initiatives in our jurisdictions that we have an aspiration of closing that gap. We targeted to be within 75 basis points in the Carolinas, and I think we'll be pretty close to that. So I think it's a combination of factors that are affecting us.
James Rogers: No, I think that's correct. And of course, we probably have the largest building program in the country. I mean, we're building two advanced coal plants. We're building two combined cycle plants, and the combination of all that gives us AFUDC, which helps in terms of closing the gap. But at the of end the day, what we recognize we need for a variety of reason is to move toward formula rates. This is a good answer for investors. It's a good answer for consumers because, as I mentioned a few moments ago, we're in a period of rising prices over the next several decades. Formula rates allows us to smooth out those cost increases. In the interim, what we would do, because it takes a while to get legislative changes, we're looking for riders, for instance. Environmental riders would be very important to achieve in the states we operate in. And in fact, we have those riders in Indiana and Kentucky today as we spend more money on retrofits or meeting more stringent environmental requirements. So I think it's a combination long term of riders and trackers around specific items and morphing overtime into formula rates. That would be the vision, and certainly, that would be the aspiration we have going forward.
Operator: That concludes the question-and-answer session today. At this time, Mr. Stephen De May, I would like to turn the conference over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Stephen De May: Thank you, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. As always, the Investor Relations team is available for your follow-up questions. Thank you, and have a good day.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Lynn Good - Chief Financial Officer and Group Executive Officer Stephen De May - Head of Investor Relations, Senior Vice President and Treasurer James Rogers - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Ivana Ergovic - Jefferies & Co Hugh Wynne - Bernstein Research Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Duke Energy Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Stephen De May, Senior Vice President of Investors Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
Stephen De May: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Duke Energy's Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Review. Leading our discussion today are Jim Rogers, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Lynn Good, Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer. Jim and Lynn will review our third quarter results, discuss our outlook for the remainder of 2010 and provide an update on certain matters related to the business. After their prepared remarks, Jim and Lynn will take your questions. Today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. You should refer to the information in our 2009 10-K and other SEC filings concerning factors that could cause future results to differ from this forward-looking information. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website and in today's materials. Note that the appendix to the presentation materials includes additional disclosures to help you analyze the company's performance. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim Rogers.
James Rogers: Thank you, Stephen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate your interest and investment in Duke Energy. I'll start with the bottom line for the third quarter results. They were excellent. The weather remained hot, the economy continued to show slow but steady signs of improvement, especially in our industrial class and our employees executed extremely well. As you saw in our news release this morning, we announced adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.51 for the third quarter of 2010 versus $0.40 for the third quarter of 2009. This is a quarter-over-quarter increase of around 28%. If you remove the impact of weather from each of these quarters, the quarter-over-quarter increase was approximately 7%. Let me highlight the more significant drivers of our results for this quarter. First, favorable weather. We experienced well above normal temperatures in all five of our regulated jurisdictions during the third quarter. In the Carolinas, the quarter was the hottest third quarter in nearly 50 years. Additionally, we continued to realize higher revenues from our base rate increases approved in 2009 in North Carolina and South Carolina. And our employees and fleet continued to deliver excellent performance throughout the third quarter's unusually hot weather. Our year-to-date nuclear capacity factor was 96%, while our fossil fuel fleet had a commercial availability of 89%. This strong operational performance through the end of the third quarter puts us on target to achieve our operational metrics for 2010, some of which are outlined on Slide 18 in the appendix. Based upon our results for the third quarter, usually our most significant quarter, we are increasing our 2010 adjusted diluted EPS outlook. We're going to increase that range to $1.40 to $1.45 per share. To put this in some perspective, at the start of the year, our 2010 adjusted diluted EPS outlook range was $1.25 to $1.30. After our second quarter results, we increased the outlook range to $1.30 to $1.35. Assumptions underlying this revised outlook include: normal weather for the rest of the year, continued costs control, continued strong operational performance and a stable economy. Before I turn the call over to Lynn to discuss the quarterly results, let me spend a few moments on Indiana. On November 3, I will have an opportunity to reaffirm our need for Edwardsport in a technical conference at the Indiana Commission and to answer any questions that the commission, its staff or any of the parties in the proceeding may have. Edwardsport is the cornerstone of our modernization strategy in Indiana. It helps us reduce the environmental impact of our existing coal generation fleet and prepares us for the inevitable retirement of some of our older coal plants, renew environmental regulations for coal-fired plants are issued in the coming years by the EPA. Our IRP, our Integrated Resource Plan, supports our need for Edwardsport, even at the higher costs estimates of $2.88 billion. Based on this analysis, it is the best long-term economic solution to meet the needs of our Indiana customers at this time. Edwardsport is currently around 74% complete and is scheduled to be in service, 2012. As you may know, questions have been raised related to the recent hiring of an attorney formerly with the Indiana Commission. In response, we have retain an outside law firm to conduct an independent investigation. We're also cooperating with Indiana Commission and the Inspector General in the reviews of this matter. Once the investigations are concluded, we will take whatever actions are appropriate. Because these investigations are ongoing, I cannot comment at this time, on the investigations or any actions we may take. However, this matter is a top priority for me, as well as my management team. Now let me turn it over to Lynn.
Lynn Good: Thanks, Jim. Let me begin with an overview of our financial performance for the quarter. As you can see in the table on Slide 4, our total adjusted segment EBIT increased approximately $200 million compared with the third quarter of last year. The results for each of our business segments were strong, driven principally by favorable weather in all five of our states and in the Carolinas, increased pricing. The competitive environment in Ohio continues to be challenging, but we are extremely pleased with the efforts of our competitive retail arm, Duke Energy Retail, in defending and capturing margins. Let me briefly review the significant drivers of results for each of our business segments. Adjusted segment EBIT for U.S. Franchised Electric and Gas, our largest segment, increased $230 million over the prior-year third quarter. The significant drivers of this segment were the following. First, we experienced unusually warm summer weather, resulting in increased segment earnings of $157 million. The number of cooling degree days in the Carolinas during the third quarter was 27% above normal, while our Midwest service territory experienced total cooling degree days 32% above normal. Secondly, the impact of rate increases in the Carolinas approved in 2009 resulted in increased segment earnings of approximately $90 million. These rate increases reflect the recovery of prudently incurred utility investments and will continue to positively impact results in future periods. Thirdly, higher allowance for funds used during construction, resulting from Duke Energy's ongoing construction program, increased segment earnings another $20 million. Partially offsetting these increases to the segment's adjusted EBIT was an impairment charge of $44 million, recognized in connection with the September settlement agreement we reached with the Indiana Office of Utility Consumer Counselor and certain industrial customers related to the cost of the Edwardsport IGCC project. The impairment charge resulted from the settlement provision, which lowers the return on equity for amounts expended in excess of the currently approved project cost of $2.35 billion. The settlement agreement is subject to approval by the Indiana Commission, which will hold hearings on the matter on November 29 and 30. Next, I will discuss our Commercial Power segment. As we expected, Commercial Power's adjusted segment EBIT for the quarter was lower than the prior-year third quarter. However, as a result of strong energy margins from our Midwest gas-fired assets and the success of Duke Energy Retail in defending and capturing margin, Commercial Power has already exceeded its original 2010 adjusted segment EBIT expectations of $315 million. In fact, despite competitive pressures in Ohio throughout 2010, Duke Energy Retail has responded quickly and aggressively by pursuing customers not only inside Duke Energy Ohio's service territory, but also in other service territories within Ohio. Importantly, switching pressures in Ohio have stabilized. We are also pleased with the operational performance of Commercial Power's generation fleet and its continued focus on containing costs. Midwest generation is ahead of its safety and commercial availability targets for the year. They have accomplished these results while significantly reducing non-fuel O&M, principally labor costs. Turning now to our International operations, adjusted segment EBIT increased $10 million over third quarter of 2009. The primary drivers of this increase include favorable pricing and foreign exchange rates in Brazil, offset by lower dispatch of our thermal generation in Central America due to strong hydrology. Finally, two additional drivers impacted Duke Energy's overall results. The first was an increase in interest expense of $12 million, due to higher debt balances resulting from planned financings of our capital expansion program. The second, a positive driver, was a decrease in the adjusted effective tax rate from 33% in the third quarter of 2009 to 31% in the third quarter of 2010. We are now targeting a 32% effective tax rate for 2010, excluding the effect of the second quarter goodwill impairment charge, which is non-deductible for tax purposes. This targeted effective tax rate for 2010 is slightly higher than our original target of 31%, primarily as a result of the increased pretax earnings we expect, resulting from the strong weather experienced to date. For detailed quarter-over-quarter drivers for each of our segments, please refer to the appendix. Now I'll turn our attention to volume trends. For the third quarter in a row, we experienced an increase in overall weather normalized sales volumes compared to the same period in 2009. Our weather normalized electric volumes rose approximately 1% this quarter, driven primarily by increased industrial sales activity across a broad range of major industrial classes. We continue to closely watch our sales volume trends, are cautiously optimistic about the continued industrial recovery in the near term. As industrial indicators point to continued expansion, the rate of growth has slowed. Earlier in the year, the Industrial recovery began in the primary metal sector. As the year has progressed, the recovery has spread to other Industrial sectors, including chemicals, textiles and automotive. However, primary metals growth has recently slowed primarily due to reduced commercial and residential construction activity. Additionally, our commercial and residential weather normalized volumes were essentially flat compared to third quarter of 2009. However, we continue to see modest growth in the total number of residential customers we serve in both the Carolinas and the Midwest. We remain optimistic in residential sales will see growth in the future. At the same time, we are experiencing improved sales. Certain macroeconomic indicators cause us to remain cautious in our outlook for the future. Economists remain concerned about slow growth, as national and global economic challenges persist. Unemployment rates remain at or above the national average in all of our service territories. Single-family building permits have somewhat stabilized, remain at historical lows in both the Carolinas and the Midwest. Balancing all of these factors and weighing them against our recent experience, our outlook for 2010 continues to assume an approximate 2% increase in average weather normalized retail sales volumes for the full year versus 2009, with the increase largely coming from our industrial customer class. Nevertheless, recent discussions with our large industrial customers confirm that uncertainty remains the dominant theme for 2011. The next few months will give us a clear picture regarding next year's volume forecast. Next, we'll look at cost control. Slide 6 summarizes our year-to-date results for our cost control measures. Our cost objective for 2010 is to hold O&M, net of deferrals and cost recovery riders, flat to 2009. This will require us to sustain the O&M cuts we achieved in 2009, as well as absorb the impacts of inflation and other cost increases in 2010. Through the third quarter, we are on track to achieve our cost objective as our year-to-date costs are relatively flat to the prior year. However, we continue to experience modest cost pressures, resulting from the impact of the unusually warm weather that we've seen in 2010. These cost pressures require us to stay focused on cost control throughout the remainder of this year. We will continue to execute on the voluntary separation and office consolidation plans we highlighted earlier this year. We are targeting a two- to three-year payback period for these costs. However, based upon additional cost reduction efforts identified as part of these plans, we have the potential to achieve a two-year payback. Even though we are committed to our cost control program, we also remain firmly focused on providing reliable, high-quality service to customers. With that, I'll turn it back over to Jim.
James Rogers: Thank you, Lynn. I would like to conclude our prepared comments with a brief discussion on our Ohio business, as well as an update of our major construction projects. First, let me turn to Ohio, where we have non-regulated generation that is dedicated to serve the native load. Customer pricing is governed by the Electric Security Plan, or ESP, that expires at the end of 2011. The market in Ohio remains challenging due to continued low commodity prices and significant customer switching, even though it has slowed in the last several months. In the near term, the ESP regulatory framework under which we operate today in Ohio, creates more downside risk than potential for upside in today's markets. This framework makes it difficult for us to earn consistent and appropriate risk-adjusted returns for investment. This does not fit well with our value proposition for shareholders nor our overall risk profile. We continue to consider a full range of strategic options for Ohio generation portfolio for our upcoming standard service offer filing sometime in mid-November. This filing will balance the need to provide our investors with an appropriate risk-adjusted return and our customers with affordable and reliable electricity. We've outlined three potential options for our next standard service offer filing on this slide. We don't have specific details to share with you today. But we intend to work hard to reach constructive outcomes for both customers and shareholders. After we file our plan in the coming weeks, we will host a webcast to fully discuss the filing. On another Ohio matter, we were pleased last week when FERC conditionally approved the transfer of our Ohio and Kentucky transmission from MISO to PJM effective January 1, 2012. Additionally, FERC approved the participation of our mostly coal-based generation in Ohio and at Kentucky transmission from MISO to in PJM effective Jan [January] 1, '12. Additionally, FERC approved the participation of our mostly coal-based generation Ohio and Kentucky in PJM's May 2011 base residual option for the 2014 and '15 delivery period. There are remaining milestones we must meet related to this transfer, but FERC's approval is a strong first step. We are also seeking approval of the transfer from the Kentucky Commission. Next, I'll provide an update on our major construction projects, which are the centerpiece of our fleet modernization strategy. As I said earlier, in Indiana, our 618-megawatt Edwardsport project is 74% complete with approximately $2 billion spent to date. The project remains scheduled to go online in 2012. As Lynn mentioned, we entered into a settlement agreement with intervening parties regarding the increased costs of the Edwardsport project from $2.35 billion to $2.88 billion. This settlement is subject to commission approval. A public hearing is scheduled for November 29 and 30. The settlement balances customer rate impacts with the need to modernize our fleet and reduce our environmental footprint in Indiana. Further details of the settlement were discussed during our September 20 webcast, which can be found on our website and are included in the appendix to today's presentation. The commission has delayed hearings on our IGCC 5 semi-annual CWIP Rider related to Edwardsport from October 26 to December 2 after the hearings in late November on our recent settlement agreement. Meanwhile, we continue progressing on time and on budget with our three major North Carolina construction projects, which are outlined on this slide. Our 825-megawatt Cliffside supercritical pulverized coal plant scheduled to go online in 2012 is now 72% complete, with more than $1.5 billion spent to date. Additionally, the scrubber for Cliffside Unit 5 has been successfully tied in at the plant site. Our 620-megawatt Buck combined-cycle gas-fired plant scheduled to go online in 2011 is now 15% complete with $350 million spent to date. And last week, we broke ground on our second new combined-cycle gas-fired plant in North Carolina, our 620-megawatt Dan River facility scheduled to go online in 2012 with about $225 million spent to date. We've also made significant progress with our non-regulated renewable projects, which are underpinned with long-term power purchase agreements. Our 200-megawatt Top of the World wind farm in Wyoming went online earlier this month under budget and is selling all of its output to Pacific Corp. under a 20-year power purchase agreement. Our 51-megawatt Kit Carson wind farm in Colorado is expected to go online by the end of this year. The project will sell all of its output to Tri-State Generation under a 20-year power purchase agreement. These two projects, once online, will bring our total operating wind generation to nearly 1,000 megawatts by year end. In addition, our 14-megawatt Blue Wing commercial solar project in Texas is expected to go online as early as next week. The project has a 30-year power purchase agreement with CPS Energy. Let me close with an update of our NSR cases. Earlier this month, we received a favorable ruling from a federal appeals court, which reversed a jury's finding that three of our coal units at Wabash River Station in Indiana had violated the Federal Clean Air Act. As a result of the initial jury decision, we had taken these three units out of service in 2009. This favorable ruling effectively ends over 10 years of litigation around EPA enforcement actions with respect to our Midwest generation fleet. We are pleased to have it behind us, although we are taking necessary steps to bring the three Wabash units back into service. We continue to evaluate whether more stringent upcoming environmental regulations will require their early retirement within the next several years. In conclusion, I am extremely pleased with our results this quarter and year-to-date. We remain focused on achieving an outstanding year. Our long-term strategy to modernize our fleet and grid continues to be an important part of what we're doing both for our customers, as well as investors. On the earnings front, we had a strong third quarter and are increasing our 2010 adjusted diluted EPS outlook range to $1.40 to $1.45 per share. On the dividend front, we increased our quarterly cash dividend, about 2% this year, the 84th consecutive year we paid a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock. Next week, several members of our executive team will attend the EEI [Edison Electric Institute] Financial Conference. I'll be in Indiana for the commission hearing on Edwardsport and thus unable to attend a conference. Additionally, I want you to know that the management team and I plan to conduct our 2011 Analyst and Investor Meeting in New York in February 2011. At that time, we'll provide an overview of our fourth quarter and 2010 earnings, as well as a strategic summary of each of our businesses. Further, we will discuss our 2011 adjusted earnings per share guidance range and financial outlook for 2011 and beyond. Details on the date and time will be sent to you shortly. Now let's open up the phone lines for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: I have a question on your comments on Ohio and switching having stabilized in line with your expectations, and if I remember rightly, last quarter you had suggested that you'd see another $0.05 or so of pressure in 2011 on top of what you saw in '10. Is that what you mean by your expectations? Or has it stabilized to something better than that?
Lynn Good: Jonathan, I think that's still a reasonable expectation for '11. What we have seen in the latter couple of months in the third quarter is a real stabilization in the level of switching, and that's what we were referring to in our remarks.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: So had that not occurred it might have been something less, but $0.05 is a good number base. I mean, you were expecting it to do this, anyway?
Lynn Good: That's correct.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: Obviously, you've showed us how much weather you're carrying in the numbers so far this year. Can you just help remind us how much currency gains there'd be in 2010 year-to-date? Or if it's that powerful help so far this year?
Lynn Good: Jonathan, it's a net help of about $18 million at the net income line year-to-date.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Agha with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: The $1.40 to $1.45 range for the year, the revised range, could you remind us what would be sort of the implied average ROEs embedded in that for your utility portfolio? And whether that would compare to sort of having authorized ROEs?
Lynn Good: Ali, we've begun to look at that. And in the Carolinas, we will be above 10%. Our allowed ROE in the Carolinas is 10.7%, you may recall.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: And other fleets?
Lynn Good: I don't have the other jurisdictions in my mind. We can certainly discuss that with you on a follow up.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: And on the weather front, you highlighted $157 million benefit. If I read correctly, that's the delta year-over-year. What is that versus normal, sorry, first, just to clarify that?
Lynn Good: Ali, I would refer you to Slide 19 in the deck, which gives you a good breakdown of weather to normal in both 2010 and 2009, which should give you the information you need to compare.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: Jim, as you look at the overall environment in the market, we are seeing more M&A activity. You talked about that wave a couple of times in prior comments. Again, where is Duke's focus right now as far as that potential activity? Or are you just comfortable with your current portfolio at this time?
James Rogers: Well, Ali, as you know, we really don't comment specifically on mergers or acquisitions with respect to our company, but I will say you are right. The wave seems to be continuing to build with consolidation in our industry. And as we look at the need to retire and replace plants, the need to modernize the grid and the fact that over the next two decades, the real price of electricity is going to rise as compared to the last 50 years where the real price has been flat, I think there's going to be increasing pressure on companies to look at ways to mitigate these cost increases. And obviously mergers is one way to do it. So I think more to come on that, so thank you.
Operator: We'll now go to Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: I guess my first question is, if I look at the supply business, the commercial office business, how much EBIT contribution have you guys gotten from CCGTs out of that total contribution for the year?
Lynn Good: Dan, if you look at the slide for the quarter, Midwest gas is about $33 million. For the year, it's close to $70 million, year-over-year delta.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Year-over-year delta, so it's up $70 million year-over-year from where we were. And your long-term targets for earnings contribution from that, was it $100 million of EBIT at some point in time?
Lynn Good: Dan, we haven't talked about a long-term target. Certainly, we were pleased with capacity prices early in the auction cycle for PJM. As you know, those recent clearing prices have not been as good. And we did experience this quarter higher energy margins really driven by low gas prices and weather.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: And I guess, as we look out to the filing for whatever you're going to do in Ohio and I guess there's been some talk of different decision trees as far as Ohio generation assets, can you maybe, Jim, frame how you would go through the decision process of making different offers to the commission? And how you would layer in the sensitivities to what to do with that generation fleet?
James Rogers: Sure. I think the way to put the stage is to say for the past nine years, the customers have benefited from a five-year rate freeze and a negotiated rate that was below the market price for four years. It worked for both customers and investors during that period. Today, the situation is very different. Prices have dropped dramatically in PJM, and we've experienced significant switching to the benefit of consumers, but not investors. At the heart of the problem, in my judgment, is that customers have a free option. Said another way, they have the ability to get the lower of market price or a negotiated rate. And the commission has been unwilling to permit a non-bypassable charge for standing ready to serve our customers when they return. As you know so well in truly competitive markets, there are no free options. Consequently, the way I view the situation in Ohio, we are neither regulated or allowed to completely to market today. So we are taking a very close look at the MRO, because that is a way to transition to market. It seems to be emerging in our analysis as the appropriate way forward, with respect to getting the appropriate returns for investors and continuing to provide to our customers reliable and affordable service. The way I would say it is, is that we're continuing to think our way through this. We're continuing to examine the pluses and minuses of the ESP approach that's been so beneficial to customers and investors in the past. And we're continuing to drill down on all of the implications of the MRO. As you know, FirstEnergy's MRO request was rejected several years ago, and we've looked closely at the basis for its rejection. And if we go that route, we will make sure that we address the issues that were raised by the commission there. So on balance, we believe that we have to make a very difficult decision between now and mid-November. But if you had to say, well, where are you leaning? I would say we're leaning toward the MRO at this point, but that's not a final decision. We have more work to do.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: But Jim, just to kind of round out that conversation. How are you guys thinking about your hedging exposure for the generation fleet, given the uncertainty of whether you'll be at market under some sort of some version of the costs to certain mechanism or something else? I mean, do you feel comfortable as a manager selling forward power today for '11 and '12? Or do you have too wait until you get permission from the commission one way or another before you're willing to let go of that full polar obligation?
James Rogers: There's a couple of important points. First of all, under our ESP which will still be in effect in '11, we have dedicated that capacity to our customers under the terms of the ESP. What we do beyond '12, it's my understanding, even with the MRO, there will be a commitment of this capacity to the retail load. So the issue of hedging out the capacity is not an issue that's in front of us in the short or medium term. I think that's a longer-term consideration. The other point I want to make to kind of bring clarity to this. Our Duke Energy Retail grew, which has picked up roughly 60% of the load to switch. What they have done is gone into the market and hedged the load as they picked it up to lock in the margins. So I draw those two distinctions, both with respect to next year and beyond, with respect to our generation and with respect to our door approach and whether or not we do ESP or MRO or some variation with respect to our existing generation. Is that clear?
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Chin with Citi.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: Can you give us an update on the plans to switch on Ohio over to PJM? Just where do those stand?
Lynn Good: Brian, this is Lynn. We have received conditional approval from FERC on the transfer. We still are waiting commission approval from Kentucky and are targeting the transfer to be effective January 1 of 2012.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: And if I understand it right, there's not going to be any transitional auctions, like what FirstEnergy did with the Yatzi [ph] region? You guys will elect the fixed resource requirement election, is that right?
Lynn Good: That's right.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: And then one last question on the Gallagher Unit, on the slide that you have, Slide 15, that shows the status of environmental controls on coal fleet. You mentioned that there's 280 megawatts that you may convert to gas or retire. If you were to choose the conversion to gas option, how much would that cost? And could you go into a little bit of if you were to convert that to gas, just what technologically would that involve?
James Rogers: Actually, it's simpler than what we had originally thought. The cost is roughly $70 million. It would require a pipeline to be built to the plant to be able to supply the gas.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: So the $70 million is really the cost of the pipeline more than anything else?
James Rogers: $40 million is the pipeline, the remainder is modifications within the plant.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: And one last question on this. When you're looking at the remaining $30 million, is the cost of converting that coal to gas something that is $1 per kilowatt conversion cost? Or is it more of a fixed cost regardless of how big the units sizes are?
James Rogers: It is primarily fixed cost.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne - Bernstein Research: I have a question regarding the outlook for Duke Energy Ohio. I understand from the slide that you're seeing maybe $0.04 to $0.07 EPS in this year. In answer to Jonathan Arnold's question, you're seeing perhaps additional $0.05 of erosion next year. Would that get us to a point where virtually all energy sales, Energy Ohio at or close to market, so that the transition to a MRO or the transition to an ESP in '12 would have very little incremental effect? Or will there still be some residual risk of retail prices slipping further beyond '11?
Lynn Good: Hugh, I think it's premature to talk about '11 to '12, with the early stage of our negotiations and setting of prices that we talked about in terms of the filing we're predicting or planning for the end of the year. The one thing I would point to in the slide deck, if you look at Slide 7, there's a distribution of who serves Ohio's customers today and you'll notice that 36% are still being served by Duke Energy Ohio, and those customers are still paying the Electric Security Plan price.
Hugh Wynne - Bernstein Research: Are these the customers that are expected to go away in '11 they're bringing you're EPS down to -- eroding the EPS by a further $0.05?
Lynn Good: No, you should think about the '11 impact as being annualization, Hugh, because switching has occurred over time in 2010. And so you'll see an annualization impact in '11.
Hugh Wynne - Bernstein Research: Okay, so I guess one way to think about it would be that this 36% of the customer base is still at risk in '12?
Lynn Good: Yes, what I would say to that, it certainly, they're Duke Energy Ohio customers, and they could certainly choose to switch. But they have remained with us throughout this entire period and we have seen a stabilization in switching.
Hugh Wynne - Bernstein Research: They've remained with you, but in '12, you would have to offer them an MRO or ESP that would be at market, right?
Lynn Good: Yes, DE Ohio would offer that to all customers.
Hugh Wynne - Bernstein Research: And then just one other quick question regarding capital structure and equity strategy. I see the company continuing to dribble out equity. I think we're sort of seeing an annual rate of dilution of about 1.5%. The dividend growth rate is modest. It's about 4%. And I guess my question is whether the dilution of equity continues to be necessary, given the strength of the balance sheet, the strength of the ratings of the utility companies, and I guess the gradual completion of some of the larger CapEx projects. Could that be dispensed with and might we enjoy somewhat more rapid EPS growth as a result?
Lynn Good: We have issued about $200 million of equity this year. We would forecast that to be about $300 million by the end of the year. We will update our equity plans when it comes in the Street in 2011. The only equity that we have announced publicly is the DRIP for 2010. And as you can imagine, we are in a position of stronger cash than we predicted coming into the year. So we'll consider all of these factors, our capital plan for next year, et cetera and setting expectations for the future.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Jim, just a question for you on renewable development post-2010 or kind of after the wind plants you have under construction right now. How do you think about that in terms of where commodity prices are right now? Where various markets are in terms of meeting RPS requirements outside of the regulated business, meaning the plants you would do within Commercial Power?
James Rogers: I think that -- here's my thinking about it. This, in my judgment, has been a good business because we're primarily building our wind and solar in states that have renewable portfolio standards. So they are mandated to purchase. Secondly, we are in every instance before we start construction put in place at least a 20-year PPA. And thirdly, the tax incentives associated in this business are very attractive. As you know, we're able to recover 38% of our investment in the first year. And coupled with that, we've been able to do project financing, so we've been able to get attractive returns on these investments. But our current sense of the market is that it is softening. And so the opportunities that are available may not be as great as they have been in past years. And I believe that's consistent with sort of the perception that FP&L has, which is really the leader in the industry in terms of developing wind. And I think we've all seen a softening in the demand for renewable energies, even in the states with the mandates to meet certain targets in future periods.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: One follow up, a little bit unrelated. In the Carolinas, specifically North Carolina, when do you expect to go to the legislature or go to the commission for potential changes, meaning to get whether it's to get trackers or forward test years, or a nuclear rider of some sort, kind of when and how does this process play out?
James Rogers: We have spent significant amount of time talking to other parties in the state and really working in a collaborative way to develop proposals for the next session that starts in January, I believe, in North Carolina. And so we will be prepared to kind of rollout a legislative plan. And clearly, the ability to get regular adjustments equipped without filing a rate case will be on that list. There will be a number of riders specifically tied to environmental expenditures. I mean, those are two for sure that would be on the list. And there maybe other ideas that will be attached to it. But again, I think the important point, Michael, for you to take from this, is that we're spending a lot of time building a coalition of support for legislation that really will allow us to address these issues in front of us and to be able to do it in a way that over time will allow us to close the gap between our earned and allowed return.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And I wanted to make sure, because when someone else earlier in the call had made a comment, or had asked a question about earned ROEs and I think, Lynn, you may have commented that you expect to earn north of 10% in the Carolinas, are you expecting, following on Jim's last comment, are you expecting regulatory lag to become a bigger issue in the Carolinas going forward if you don't get a legislative fix?
Lynn Good: Michael, as we've shared with you even dating back to our Analyst Day, we've been very focused on trying to close the gap. What Jim is talking about legislatively is certainly a piece of that. You will also see us file ongoing general rate cases. We're planning to file in the Carolinas in 2011. So it's a combination of things that we'll be working with to close that gap.
Operator: And we'll go to our next question from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I apologize if I missed this, but I didn't hear really much about you guys talking about Duke going into maybe other service territories on the retail side. I mean, you guys seem to be obviously gaining a lot of experience in your own service territory. What's the opportunity maybe to go somewhere else? And if so, if you have looked at that, what areas might you guys be looking at?
Lynn Good: Paul, our focus has been Ohio and will remain Ohio predominantly. The only business that we have really entertained outside of Ohio is based on industrial or commercial customers who have operations in adjoining states where we understand the market, et cetera. So strategically, we're not trying to build a national footprint or even a super-regional footprint on retail. We're working through the environment in Ohio and trying to address that competitive environment in a very proactive way.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Any particular service territories in Ohio that look attractive to you?
James Rogers: I think one thing that we have done is we participated in the FirstEnergy auctions and that's really the extent of our activity in the state.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: The FERC notice of proposal rulemaking on the demand response in the energy market regarding full locational marginal pricing, have you guys done any modeling on the potential impact? And if you have, could you share with us what you think the impact might be if this NOPR is adopted?
Lynn Good: Paul, that's something we're not prepared to talk about today. I think we'd like to take that one on offline.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Ashar Khan with Visium Asset Management.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Just going back, so if I understand, if you go to the MRO, then the generation asset sale is out of the question, right, under that scenario?
Lynn Good: Ashar, the generation asset sale is a strategy that is many steps down the chess board, I'm trying to develop the ongoing strategic positioning of Ohio. What we are focused on initially is the next 2012 to 2014 positioning of these assets and the pricing MRO is one option that we're looking at.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: But under that option, you would retain generation, right?
Lynn Good: Not necessarily. You should think about generation asset as something that we could either leave in the utility or request to move outside of the utility in an ESP structure or an MRO structure.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: But going back to what Jim said in the beginning, am I right or wrong, you said it is hard with the way the current ESP is structured, or just even looking at MRO, I don't know, that it is hard to have a growth rate of like 5% to 6%, with commodity prices where they are currently? Is that the way I correctly understood Jim's comments in the beginning that the profile and the risks, they are hard to achieve with commodity prices and for similar ESP, was to continue on or going to an MRO?
James Rogers: I think there are a couple of points, and I'll ask Lynn to amplify on my answer. But the first point is that if you did an ESP by definition, the price would probably less than it is today going forward and that's after 2012, because the negotiated price has to reflect the market price. And obviously, we're all well aware that there's been a dramatic drop in the price of PJM over the last year. The MRO feature, which is in my judgment could be a positive is the way you're permitted to blend your existing generation with purchases in the market to come up with a negotiated price for your customers. So the amount of the blend from your existing generation or from the market is something that would be negotiated as you go down the MRO path. But again, we need to be realistic about this as all the merchant guys in the Midwest who are in PJM appreciate the margins have been squeezed dramatically for all the merchant players. I don't see that letting up in the next several years. However, if you look out five years or more, you can see the prices rising again. And the wild card in this is how many coal plants will actually be shut down and there have been estimates of between 20% and 30% of all the coal plants in the U.S. will be shut down in the next decade. I suspect the lion's share of these assets will be in the Midwest. Is there anything, Lynn, you'd like to add to that?
Lynn Good: No, I think our comments on earning a fair return in the environment in Ohio where commodity prices are low, we've experienced switching, just a more volatile market, which does make it difficult to earn a consistent predictable return on the assets. And so that's the key area focus as we think about the future.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: In essence, if I can sum up, Jim, what I'm understanding is that if commodity prices continue where they are right now, there's no way we can forestall the earnings decline in '12. But what it does is with an MRO is it gives us an opportunity in the later years to benefit from EPA coal closing and pickup in commodity prices in the later years. But in '12, we are facing a hit, which ever way we go?
Lynn Good: The one comment I would make about the MRO is it does have an opportunity or the way the statute is written, you actually transition to market. So there's a blending concept with the price to customers is established as a part percentage, your former ESP price and part percentage market prices. And so it does give you an opportunity to keep the prices at a higher level than what a strict reduction to market would result.
James Rogers: And I think that is really a very important point in the transition. But to be realistic about this, once the transition's complete, that we would not have an obligation other than through an auction process or a bidding process to serve our load. And that would give us the option to make a decision as to whether we want to keep the 4,000 megawatts we currently have dedicated to the load or to sell them. But that's a decision that is far down the road.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: And then if I can just sum up, Lynn, if I'm right, you said if you strip out the weather impact for the year, you said it's like $0.12, $0.13, we would still be like around $1.31, $1.32.? Is that right for the year?
Lynn Good: If you started at $1.45.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: If I start off with $1.45, is that correct?
Lynn Good: That's right. On the midpoint, about $1.30 weather adjusted.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ivana Ergovic with Jefferies.
Ivana Ergovic - Jefferies & Co: I'm wondering whether you put out any estimates regarding on transmission costs that you might have once you transfer your assets from the PJM.
Lynn Good: We have not disclosed this exit fees, but will as we complete our receiving all the approvals and get closer to the date of that occurring.
Ivana Ergovic - Jefferies & Co: And another unrelated thing, I noted that the plant generation in your Commercial Power segment was basically flat year-over-year, and the weather was much more warmer. And the industrial that has pickup, so I'm just wondering why?
Lynn Good: I'm sorry, I couldn't follow that question. Could you maybe speak...
Ivana Ergovic - Jefferies & Co: The generation levels in Commercial Power segment were flat quarter-over-quarter, and this quarter was much warmer and there was Industrial pickup. So I'm just wondering why the levels were flat?
Lynn Good: I think generation in 2009 was particularly strong and what I would also suggest is that Bill Currens and our IR team would be available to have further discussions on that topic.
Operator: That concludes the question-and-answer session today. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over do Mr. Stephen De May for any additional or closing comments.
Stephen De May: Thank you, Lisa. And let me thank everyone on the call for joining us today. As always, our Investor Relations team is available to take your follow-up questions. We look forward in meeting with many of you during the upcoming EEI Financial Conference. Thank you, and have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Megan Wisz - Financial Specialist William Johnson - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer Mark Mulhern - Chief Financial Officer Vincent Dolan - Chief Executive Officer and President, Progress Energy Florida Jeffrey Stone – Controller Lloyd Yates - President and Chief Executive Officer, Progress Energy Carolinas
Analysts:  Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley Andrew Levy - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Paul Ridzon - Key Bank Marc de Croisset - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Ted Hein - Catapult 
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to Progress Energy's second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks and introductions, I would now like to turn the conference over to Megan Wisz of Progress Energy. Please go ahead.
Megan Wisz: Thank you Operator. Good morning, and welcome to everyone. Joining me this morning are Bill Johnson, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Mulhern, Chief Financial Officer; and other members of our senior management team. As a reminder, this call will be archived on our web site for the next two weeks. We are currently being webcast from our Investor Relations page at progress-energy.com. We are also offering an audio replay of this call in Windows Media format, available from our web site. I direct your attention to our web site, where we have included a set of slides which accompany our speaker's prepared remarks this morning. These slides can be found at progress-energy.com/webcast.  Today, we will be making forward-looking statements as well as reviewing historical information. There are numerous factors that may cause future actual results to differ materially from these statements, and we outlined these in our earnings release, Forms 10-K, and 10-Q and other SEC filings, as well as the risk factor discussion also found in our Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which will be filed later today. This morning, following opening comments from Bill and Mark, we will open the phone lines to address your questions. Now I'll turn the call over to Bill Johnson.
William Johnson: Thanks Megan. Good morning everyone. We’re glad you’ve joined our call this morning. I suspect you’re all suffering from earnings call fatigue at this point in the cycle, so we’ll get right down to business here.  Slide 3 shows – I’ll provide a few highlights for the quarter as well as speak to our Florida rate settlement, our Crystal River outage, and the EPA’s recently proposed transport rule. Then Mark Mulhern will provide more detail on the numbers. So let’s start with ongoing earnings on slide 4. We again achieved solid financial results, ongoing earnings of $181 million for the second quarter, which was the same as the second quarter a year ago. On a per-share basis, we’re down $0.01 quarter over quarter. For the first six months of this year, ongoing earnings were $395 million, compared to $363 million for the same period in 2009. On a per-share basis we’re up $0.07.  Clearly, weather is a significant part of this story. It was one of the hotter Junes on record. We also continued to see modest signs of economic recovery in the Carolinas and Florida, a little better than what was in our forecast. But unemployment remains high in our state. It’s above the national average in all three of the states that we serve, and this is going to take a little time to return to more normal levels.  Also, we aren’t seeing the higher percentage recovery in industrial sales that some areas and companies are seeing. But that’s primarily because our industrial sales didn’t fall quite as far during the recession. We are encouraged that our Florida residential customer growth turned positive in the second quarter. So primarily on favorable weather so far this year, we’re narrowing our ongoing earnings guidance range for 2010 to $2.95 to $3.05 per share, the top end of our previously announced range.  In addition to weather, we’ve got some flexibility in Florida because of our rate settlement, which I’ll discuss in a moment. Operationally, our workforce and system are meeting our customers’ needs very well during extended periods of extreme heat and high demand, as we did last quarter during some very cold weather. Our employees deserve a lot of credit for their focus and hard work, and I’ll take this opportunity to thank them publically. Now one thing we are disappointed in is the O&M expense increase in the first half of the year. The increase was primarily because of longer and broader scope outages than we had planned at our Brunswick and Robinson nuclear plants.  You should not expect this to be a trend. In fact, aside from the nuclear outages this year, we’ve been very successful in keeping O&M expenses flat. We’ve increased management focus on our nuclear program with some organizational changes in the second quarter, and we’re taking aggressive steps to strengthen nuclear operations and outage execution while keeping safety the number one priority. Next, let’s turn to slide five and we’ll talk about the Florida rate settlement. As many of you know, the Florida Public Service Commission, on June 1, unanimously approved a settlement agreement that will keep our Florida base rate stable through the end of 2012. This rate freeze does not apply to the cost-recovery clauses, which are reviewed annually.  The settlement provides us some flexibility to reduce depreciation expense and amortize certain regulator assets as long as we stay within our allowed ROE range. It provides regulatory certainty without impacting base rates, and allows time for the economy to improve over the next year or two. The settlement also substantially mitigates the depreciation reserve issue in future rate cases. So we’re pleased that the base rate issues are settled for now, and that regulatory risk is mitigated in the near term.  Now, with slide six, you can see an update on the outage at our Crystal River nuclear plant in Florida. As we’ve discussed before, we’re in the midst of an extensive, extremely complex repair to a section of the containment building outer wall. In the photo, the containment building is the large, cylindrical building.  The focus of this activity is to return the plant to safe, reliable service. We’ve completed a comprehensive root cause analysis that showed that the concrete delamination, as it’s called, occurred when we created an opening to replace the steam generators last fall. The repair process is now well underway. We’ve already made concrete pours on the lower part of the wall, and are preparing the upper part for similar repairs.  We’re pursuing a detailed repair plan designed to return the plant to service during the fourth quarter this year. Earlier, we had projected a third-quarter return, but the scope of the work has expanded as we’ve gotten further into it, and we are committing to getting this work done right. The actual return to service day, of course, will be determined by a number of factors including regulatory reviews, testing, and weather. Slide six also shows the cost of the outage through June 30 for the repair and replacement power. In late June we received our first periodic payment from our insurance claim filed with NEIL, Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited, which is the mutual insurance company created by the nuclear utilities.  Through June, the total cost for the repairs was about $79 million, the net cost with insurance proceeds about $64 million. Net replacement power costs was about $139 million. We will seek regulatory recovery for amounts not covered by NEIL insurance, and we expect that the Public Service Commission will hold a separate proceeding on this outage sometime next year. We have been very transparent with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, our state regulators, the industry, and other stakeholders throughout this process, and we will continue to keep those groups well informed. Again, our focus is on returning this important plant to safe, reliable operation for many years to come. If you’ll turn to slide seven, I’ll say a word about the transport rule the EPA proposed in July to replace the Clean Air Interstate Rule, or CARE. Transport rule is designed to reduce nitrogen oxide and sulfur dioxide emissions in 31 eastern states. The final rule is expected sometime next year.  Now we’ve already installed scrubbers and NOx reduction technology on our largest coal-fired units, and we’ve completed the Bartow plant oil-to-gas repowering in Florida. We’ve also initiated our coal-to-gas repowering program in North Carolina. The bar chart on the slide shows the SO2 reduction trend we’re already on, and we’re on a similar trend for NOx. Based on our current understanding, we believe we’re very well positioned to comply with the transport rule, especially given our significant investment in emissions controls and our fleet modernization projects. Now, if you turn to slide eight, a few words about what we call our balanced solution strategy, a diverse portfolio of investments and initiatives to prepare for a new energy future, new customer needs, public policies, and technologies. We’re moving forward here on three fronts, energy efficiency, alternative energy and a state-of-the-art power system, and you can see some of the programs and projects we’re undertaking.  I’ll mention just a few recent developments here. One is last week’s announcement by EPRI, the Electric Power Research Institute, that it will hold its 2011 plug-in electric vehicle conference here in Raleigh next July. It will be the first time this national conference will be held outside of California, and it’s a further indication of the prominent role our community and our company are playing in this emerging field. We also recently joined the SmartGrid Consumer Collaborative to accelerate our learning in this area. And we announced a partnership with the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill to map and model North Carolina’s viable off-shore wind resources.  As part of fleet modernization, we received state approval in June to build a combined cycle natural gas plant in North Carolina to replace our Sutton coal fired units, and this spring we completed an extensive clean air project at our Crystal River 4 and 5 coal units in Florida.  So we’re making good progress in executing our balanced solution strategy and delivering value to our customers and shareholders. So with that I’ll ask Mark Mullhern, our CFO, to provide more details on the finances.
Mark Mulhern: Thank you Bill, and good morning. My topics are outlined on slide nine, and you will notice the slides follow a similar format to our prior quarterly calls. We have included several slides in the appendix that we will not review in detail today, but you may find helpful.  On slide ten is the ongoing earnings detail for the quarter and year to date by segment. Overall, we reported $0.63 for second quarter 2010 compared to $0.64 in the second quarter of 2009. So a penny down for the quarter, but still $0.07 ahead for the first half of 2010.  The significant drivers were favorable weather, the impact of the repowered Bartow plant in Florida, and higher clause recoveries. These were offset by lower AFUDC equity, increased O&M, and interest expense. In the Carolinas, we were $0.06 ahead of last year for the quarter and $0.10 ahead of last year for the six months. In Florida we were actually $0.02 behind last year for the quarter, but still $0.05 ahead of last year for the first six months. Corporate and other numbers were $0.05 higher than last year for the quarter, and $0.08 higher than last year for the first six months.  Slide 11 is an earnings waterfall for the second quarter, which provides a more detailed look at the positives and negatives for the quarter, so favorable weather, the impact of the Bartow repowering and environmental clause recover for Crystal River 4 and 5 are the main positives.  For those of you keeping track, we amortized $10 million of the theoretical depreciation reserve in Florida in the second quarter as permitted in our recent rate settlement. This has the effect of reducing depreciation expense. Offsets to the positive include higher interest expense due to increased debt outstanding at Florida and at the parent company; higher O&M expenses, primarily due to the higher nuclear outage costs in the Carolinas; increased pension expense in Florida, since we had deferred that last year per an accounting order; and then lower AFUDC due to the completion of the Bartow repowering last June and the scrubbers and SCRs at Crystal River 4 and 5 that were placed in service in December of 2009 and May of 2010. So as Bill mentioned, the higher nuclear O&M was not planned, but the remainder of the items are very consistent with our plan and this was a straightforward quarter.  Slide 12 provides transparency by customer class on actual and weather normalized retail sales at the two utilities. As with the rest of the southeast, weather has been positive. Retail sales increased 3.5% in the Carolinas and 2.4% in Florida year over year, which helped drive revenues and cash flows for the quarter.  Slide 13 has the same set of information but on a year to date basis, and the punch line here is on a weather normalized basis our actual sales are a little stronger at both utilities than what we have in our plan. In the Carolinas weather normalized sales are up 1.8% versus a positive 0.6% in our plan. And in Florida weather normalized sales are down only 0.06% versus a negative 2.2% in our plan. Slide 14 provides some more detailed information on the industrial class, which again is mainly relevant for the Carolinas. Industrial sales for the second quarter in the Carolinas were up 4.4% over last year, and are up 2.7% year to date. The bars on the graph show an upward trend, albeit slight, from what we hope was a bottom in the second quarter of 2009.  And as Bill mentioned, our industrial recovery percentage year over year is not as large as some of our southeastern peers, but that’s primarily because our industrial sales didn’t fall quite as far during the recession. So we don’t have as much to recover to get back to 2007 levels. Slide 15 illustrates the comments that Bill referred to earlier. The customer growth in Florida returned to positive territory in the second quarter of 2010 after seven quarters of negative customer growth. The Carolina numbers are moving sideways, but we still forecast in the 10,000 to 12,000 range for new customers in 2010. All the low usage lines are headed in the right direction, so overall our thesis of a slow, gradual economic recovery should improve this picture over time. Slide 16 is our traditional adjusted O&M expense slide. In the first quarter this comparison showed a 1.4% increase quarter over quarter. The explanations in the box on the right of this slide account for the increase of $38 million or 4.5% up year over year. An extended outage at Robinson, and some challenges at Brunswick drove these variances. In addition, pension expense in Florida was deferred via an accounting order in 2009. That ended with the resolution of the base rate proceeding in 2010. So we are sharply focused on controlling O&M in the second half of the year, and expect this to be a lower percentage increase by year end.  Slide 17 is a good picture of the components of year to date earnings versus last year, and I think we’ve covered the majority of these items, but I’ll make a couple of points. Obviously, $0.20 of weather is positive. It did not all flow to the bottom line, primarily due to the higher than planned O&M costs. And as we had signaled, we did issue $405 million in new equity through our investor plus plan that resulted in $0.04 a share dilution in the first half of the year. So overall, we are in a good position for a strong second half of the year and we’ll be focused on making up some of the overrun in O&M costs before year end.  So on slide 18, I want to just cover some items to be mindful of for the remainder of the year. First one, the economy. We still remain cautious regarding the pace of the economic recovery in our service territories. As Bill mentioned, with unemployment above the national average in all three states, we’re conservative in our outlook for retail sales for the remainder of 2010. On weather, our updated guidance assumed normal weather for the second half of the year. So while above-normal temperatures have been prevalent in the southeast, the third quarter is historically our most important one, so we will obviously know more after September.  On the theoretical depreciation reserve in Florida, as I said earlier we amortized $10 million of the theoretical depreciation reserve in the second quarter as permitted in our recent rate settlement. We are allowed to take up to $150 million in 2010. Due primarily to positive weather, we expect to record less than half that amount this year. We can carry unused amounts forward into 2011 and 2012. On O&M we covered O&M in detail on slide 16, so you know our objectives there. I would expect the percentage increase to moderate slightly by year end but point out that this is a three nuclear outage year with a significant fall outage at our Harris nuclear plant.  On financing costs, we have been conservative in getting the majority of our equity done early, and partially prefunding a large holding company maturity for 2011, so I don’t expect any surprises in this area for the remainder of the year. We plan to issue another $100 million of common equity to complete our stated objective of raising $500 million of new equity in 2010.  So before I turn it back to Bill for Q&A, we have narrowed our earnings guidance range to the $2.95 to $3.05 per share, which is the upper half of the original range, and we are comfortable making that commitment with the second half of the year in front of us. Thank you.
William Johnson: Thanks Mark. Before we move to your questions, I’ll wrap up with slide 19, which lists some of the key value drivers for Progress Energy. We have a very good system modernization strategy that results in system improvement, economic development in our states, and rate-based growth. We have strong future growth prospects given our service territories and our strategy, and we have financial flexibility and an attractive sustainable dividend. We believe these value drivers make Progress Energy an attractive place to invest, and now we will be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions.] We’ll take our first question from Greg Gordon, Morgan Stanley. 
Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley: You say even on a weather normalized basis you are slightly ahead of – you’re ahead of plan on sales, and did you say that you’re going to try to make up for the O&M being above budget in the second half? Or do you think that that is an area where you’ll wind up being above budget towards the end of the year?
William Johnson: Well, just, where we are today, we’re going to work hard to try to make up as much of that as we can, but I don’t think it’s likely we will make up the entire amount, especially the overage in the – outages that have already occurred. So I do think we’ll be a little above O&M. Hopefully we will work it down between now and the end of the year, but I don’t think we’ll get back to the budget number. 
Greg Gordon: Okay, great. And then weather has obviously been a tailwind as well. How’s the weather been in the – so far in the third quarter? Has it been about where it was last year?
Mark Mulhern: Yeah, Greg, it’s Mark. Obviously July was strong again, but we did have a good strong July in terms of weather, more in Carolina than in Florida. We’re off to a good start with respect to the weather for the third quarter.
Greg Gordon: And then to the extent that you don’t use the depreciation reserve, because of those factors, you’re generating cash earnings as opposed to non-cash earnings, that’s obviously a better position overall for the firm, correct?
William Johnson: Absolutely.
Greg Gordon: So all in all it looks like a pretty strong year. I’m just wondering why – I can understand why you would trim the bottom end of the range, I’m not so clear as to why you haven’t raised the top end of the range given all these factors.
William Johnson: Well, a couple reasons. First of all, we did move to the top half of the rang, which we think is a pretty positive mover. As you said, the major element here is weather, with some flexibility in Florida given the rate order. But we have proven, I think everybody’s proven, unable to predict the future weather, so we’re going to assume normal weather for the rest of the year, and we have a couple of other moving parts that tend to make us a little bit cautious.  One of them is the economy. Although we say there’s slight improvement, we consider this to be very fragile improvement. I know you saw the jobs numbers yesterday that were released and the impact they’re having this morning. Our three states that we serve continue to have higher than national average unemployment and it doesn’t look like it’s moving very fast down.  We also have another nuclear outage this year in the fall, at the Harris plant, and I don’t lack confidence in our ability to execute in that outage, but it’s a major outage. It has some major O&M dollars and I would feel a little better about knowing that was done and done well before we talked about guidance again. So those are the kind of things that are cutting against it.
Operator:  We’ll take our next question from Andrew Levy with Tudor, Pickering and Holt.
Andrew Levy - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: Just a couple questions on Crystal River. I guess the first question is, and I don’t know if we have to go back to [unintelligible] on this, but I remember years ago there was an outage at Crystal River, a prolonged outage. Could you just explain to us how the commission, I know it’s a different commission, handled it at the time, and I have a couple of other questions related to it.
William Johnson: I think we’re going to turn to Vinnie Dolan for this, if he can answer this question I think that precedes most of the rest of us.
Vincent Dolan: Andrew, that outage resulted in a settlement agreement back in ’98. It was one of the first settlement agreements - that was the beginning of a string of settlement agreements where we agreed to absorb some of the cost in the short term in exchange for some favorable settlement terms that I think on balance balanced that out pretty equitably between the company and consumer groups. But I would also point out a pretty distinct difference in that outage. I think it was very different in terms of the circumstances that caused the outage. Back then the company made a judgment about how the commission would determine the outcome of that, but I think it’s very different than the facts around this outage. And those are the facts about how this root cause was unforeseen as part of the outage here at Crystal River 3. So I think the facts are very different about the two outcomes, but I would say that we settled that with the parties back in ’98 and I think it worked out well on both sides.
Andrew Levy: And I guess it was, like, you guys ate some of the replacement power and some of the O&M. I don’t remember the numbers, but that was kind of the bottom line.
Vincent Dolan: We did, but there was some consideration for the capital expenses that we adjusted and earned on over time, so it’s a little more complicated than that, but I would say there was some trading that again I would just say that it worked out well, I think, on both sides.
Andrew Levy: Now you outlined the numbers thus far as far as replacement power and on O&M, less the insurance, are there any estimates on – because you’re extending it now to the fourth quarter – what the total numbers may be?
William Johnson: I don’t think we’re in a position to give those estimates yet.
Andrew Levy: Okay. And is there a maximum amount of insurance that you can collect on this?
William Johnson: I’ll give you the general outline of this and Tom Sullivan will correct me if I’m wrong, but on the repair costs, there’s a deductible amount and then the rest of the repairs are covered, assuming they are covered by the insurance, which we believe they are and we’re already getting payments on. So a deductible on that. On the replacement power, there is a deductible period on the front end, of 12 weeks, and then it runs for a very long time. It’s not foreseeable to us that we would come to the end of the replacement power period under the insurance. So I think we’re covered on both of those.
Andrew Levy: And there’s no maximum dollar amount or anything like that?
Vincent Dolan: On the replacement power we have what adds up to about three years’ worth and a total of, I believe it’s $480 million maximum on just the replacement power side.
Mark Mulhern: And Andrew, this is Mark, just a little color to just the environment we’re in. And you know, with gas prices where they’ve been and some availability of generation in Florida we have been very active in managing this situation and I think in general think we have a pretty good handle on the replacement power costs for the rest of the year. 
Andrew Levy: And how does the accounting work on this? Are you deferring the cost? So I guess the incremental cost relative to the nuclear costs are being deferred until the commission ends up ruling, are you guys settling, or whatever the case may be?
William Johnson: I’ll have Jeff Stone, our controller, answer that question.
Jeffrey Stone: Yes, as far as the replacement power costs, we are deferring all of those costs, like the rest of our fuel, on the balance sheet as a deferred fuel regulatory asset, which in order for it to get on the balance sheet we need to believe it’s probable of recovery. 
Andrew Levy: And the O&M as well, or in capital costs? I don’t know if there are capital costs but I assume there are?
Jeffrey Stone: Yeah, we’ve also got, obviously, the capital costs over and above – the capital costs on the balance sheet, the amount over and above the deductible is actually a receivable on the balance sheet from the insurance company.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Jonathan Arnold, Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Quick question on weather. I think it’s up $0.20 for the first half versus 2009, but what’s the delta versus normal you’re carrying through the first half?
Mark Mulhern: Yeah, actually it’s higher than that. It’s $0.28, so we had $0.08 of positive weather for the first six months of last year, so delta to normal for us would be $0.28.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, thank you. And then just on Crystal River, Bill you alluded to expanding the scope of work as an explanation for the return being a little later than you’d thought. Can you give us some insight into why it’s expanded?
William Johnson: Yes, the – as we took concrete off we discovered that there were some additional cracking higher up in the elevations that we had to excavate and repair. And that’s just time consuming and precise work. As I said, this is something you need to do right, and you need to take the time to do it right, so that’s really the scope change that we have encountered.
Jonathan Arnold: It’s just more of the same kind of work basically?
William Johnson: Yes.
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Patterson, Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: When we look at O&M going into 2011, how should we think about that due to your plan and catching up on some of it later in the year and what have you? How should we think about O&M in 2011?
William Johnson: Well, my objective here on O&M is to hold it as flattish – I’m not sure if that’s a word, but – as flattish as possible. And we’ve been doing a pretty good job of that, maybe in the 1% or flattish over the last couple years. I would love to see us do that a couple more years. You know, you can’t do that forever, but we are working hard as things Lean and efficiency and just doing our business better. And so I’m – it’s a little too early to say what the O&M numbers are going to be next year, but I would think we’re not going to increase it to the same levels that we’ll see this year. We just hope to get back to a little easier run rate next year.
Paul Patterson: And then in terms of equity, financing needs going forward, I guess in particular the equity outlook in terms of what you guys think might be raised next year?
Mark Mulhern:  Yeah Paul this is Mark. We’ve been telling folks that at least in our plan that we had a target of about $300 million of new equity in 2011 that would be in our plan and we do that through the investor plus plans primarily and I think that’s a fair assumption to maintain here. 
Paul Patterson:  Okay, so there’s no change in that. And then just in general, when you’re looking at the economy, and I know that it’s different obviously in the Carolinas than in Florida, what kind of outlook – you know I know it’s a crystal ball question, but in terms of 2011 what do you – what are you thinking in terms of the regional economies that you’re encountering vis-à-vis the national economy? How should we think about that? 
Mark Mulhern:  Yeah, I mean, I think it’s obviously been challenging, especially in Florida. I think there are the inventory of homes and real estate issues there continue to be challenging. I think in the Carolinas even we’ve seen the industrials come back a bit but our commercial exposure, our commercial class in the Carolinas is still struggling a bit. But again, our thesis has always been that our territories will recover potentially a little faster than the rest of the nation. They’re still very attractive places to live, there’s still a lot of positive factors in both our economies in Florida and the Carolinas, so I would expect, again I think it’s going to be slow, but I think we should on a comparative basis be a little better than the rest of the country. 
Paul Patterson: And then just finally the BP oil spill, do you think that had any impact in terms of tourism, or commercial sales at all in the Florida area, or is that – I mean I don’t know, it may be difficult to quantify, but any sense as to what the impact was or wasn’t?
William Johnson: It’s very difficult for us to see that in our business. We read the same things that you do in the paper, that tourism in the Florida coast is 25% down, and numbers like that. But we have not seen that in our results.
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Ridzon, Key Bank
Paul Ridzon - Key Bank: Is there any recourse to the contractor at Crystal River? I mean shouldn’t their engineers have done a stress analysis of the concrete? 
William Johnson: So you know I’m not going to give you a definitive answer to that question. I’ll tell you what it looks like. Obviously you have recourse to contractors if they didn’t do something right, didn’t act reasonably. I will say in this instance, this event is as complicated an event as anyone I think has seen in the civil industry. It took us several months with a number of supercomputers to figure out what actually happened, and so we may get to that point of asking that question at some point. At the moment we’re focused on getting it fixed, getting it fixed safely, and getting it back in service. I would just say this is an unforeseen complicated event that I don’t think anyone has ever had the experience we’ve had before.
Paul Ridzon: Is there any concern that the Florida regulator tells you to chase them and not the rate payer?
William Johnson: I wouldn’t say that’s a concern and obviously if we get that direction that would be something we’d consider very strongly. But as we said earlier we think we’re going to have a proceeding in Florida about this year, about this next year, and part of that proceeding is that we will explain what we’ve done to find remedies for this. 
Paul Ridzon: And then, just, weather is $0.28 ahead of normal as the basis of guidance. We’ve had some better than expected growth, O&M’s a little high. But what are the other negatives here versus plan?
William Johnson: Well the economy, whether we will sustain any kind of increase in usage, what actually happens with the weather. You know, a couple of bad weeks, or a couple of cool weeks of weather in August/September can make a lot of difference in the numbers. The third quarter is exceptionally weather sensitive. Another nuclear outage in the fall. But we just think a good place to be is in the top half of that range for the moment until we get a little more clarity through the end of the third quarter.
Paul Ridzon: And then, given the tailwinds you’ve got, why book any of the amortization, and why not just keep some dry powder?
Mark Mulhern: Paul, it’s Mark. You know, we started down the road since we had the settlement, that we thought it was appropriate to start to take some of the theoretical depreciation reserve into the income statement in the quarter. That’s obviously subject to change if that becomes an issue for us in the second half of the year, if weather’s so strong that we are, obviously, pushing against the ROE cap. We can reconsider that but we thought it was a smart thing to start to take some of it. If you’ll recall we had $0.10 in our original guidance around regulatory progress, so we just started here. We’ve got $0.02 in the quarter, so that was really the decision that was made.
Paul Ridzon: Is it – can you – could you in the third or fourth quarter reverse what you’ve taken?
Mark Mulhern: I think we could.
Operator: And our next question comes from Marc de Croisset, FBR Capital Markets.
Marc de Croisset - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Actually your answer to the last question would be great to expand on. You said you could actually reverse your depreciation reserve. I was unaware that you could do that within the span of the year.
Mark Mulhern: I don’t think there’s anything that prohibits us from doing that.
Marc de Croisset: A question on demand if I may. On the – I understand you have a residential lighting program that distributes CFL through local retailers. Do you have any sense for the adoption rate of those CFLs? Are they flying off the shelves? What is your sense with respect to the pace of adoption?
William Johnson: Our sense is that it’s a pretty high pace of adoption, especially since there’s an economic incentive to purchase them because they’re a little cheaper price. I’m thinking we can probably get you some more detail if you talk to Mr. Drennan and his folks afterward, but just a visceral, we may have an answer here. Lloyd Yates?
Lloyd Yates: So the adoption going well. In fact, two weeks ago we just went past 1 million CFLs issues as part of that program.
Marc de Croisset: And that’s a million for over what period?
Lloyd Yates: It’s been about a year.
Marc de Croisset: About a year. A follow up question on the Carolina utilities. There’s a big dependence on Central Ap coal there and there’s been, my understanding, some attempt to diversify a little bit the fuel mix. Can you describe what you’re doing on the procurement side there?
Mark Mulhern: Mark, with the completion of the scrubber activity that we’ve done in our larger coal units we have been able to mix in some higher sulfur coal, but our Carolina source is still primarily Central Ap, but we may have small segments of it that come from other places, but it’s really Central Ap mostly there. At Florida we’ve got a little Illinois basin coming in but, again, we’re pretty much concentrated on Central Ap coal in Carolina.
Operator: [Operator instructions.] We’ll now go next to Ashar Khan, Visium Asset Management.
Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management: Mark, I just wanted to check in. What is now your financing needs until we get new rate cases in in 2013? What should we look at as financing needs to model in our assumptions for the next two years?
Mark Mulhern: Yeah, Ashar, you should – you can – and I think in the appendix we show at least the near-term maturities that we have to refinance, but you should think about it from a thesis of the capital program will be funded at the utilities. So if there’s additional capital that needs to get raised to fund the capital plan it will be through secured financing at each of the utilities. So I would expect, just in general terms, without giving you real specifics on dollars, the Carolina program where we’re doing our coal-to-gas repowering, where we’re building new combined cycles, I think you’ll see some new debt issuance at Progress Energy Carolina over that next 3-4 year period as we get through the construction of those larger combined cycles. There will be less need in Florida just because of less concentration of new cap ex there. So that’s how I would think about it.
Ashar Khan: And then just on equity requirements. They were around 500 or so every year. Is that a good number to use?
Mark Mulhern: Probably a little high, and we really have only talked about next year, so that’s kind of how I would confine my comments to that, at least for the moment.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Michael Lapides at Goldman Sachs 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: A lot of moving parts or moving people at the Florida commission and underway for a couple of months now. Just curious in terms of how does the changes on the actual commission impact your views about timing a filing a follow on case?
William Johnson: So there are two new commissioners that either have been or are about to be sworn in, and we haven’t seen them in action yet. But we hope that they will do what commissioners are supposed to do, which is follow the law, look at the facts, and balance the interests of all the stakeholders. Our Florida stipulation goes through the end of 2012, and so you should think about us filing some time that would get us rates around the beginning of 2013.
Michael Lapides: Okay, so January/February 2012 filing, kind of go with maybe as late as March and go from there.
William Johnson: Yeah, so whatever the – there’s a regulatory clock that runs once you make the filing, and we would target something, assuming that the world continues as we know it, to get us at the beginning of 2013 with new rates. 
Michael Lapides: Got it. And what about next timing in the Carolinas?
William Johnson: So we have a significant coal-to-gas repowering program here, with a couple of big combined cycles, and just guessing, but we think we probably will need to be in or have rates effective sometime in the 2013 time frame. So 2012 to 2013, somewhere in that area we’ll be filing. 
Michael Lapides: Got it. Last thing with the significant cap ex spin in the Carolinas, the repowering efforts, any reason you didn’t push to get either forward test years, a tracker, or some other item that can help reduce lag on that and increase cash earnings versus non-cash earnings mix?
William Johnson: There is a process going on here in North Carolina with a commission looking at the future of energy in our state here, and all of those things you just described are being discussed, or will be discussed, by that commission, and I would expect in the next year or two there would be a legislative reform of the way the utility regulation works. So that’s really being discussed and when it’s ripe it’ll be announced.  
Michael Lapides: Okay, but for legislative reasons, meaning can you not ask for forward test years or trackers due to some state law at this point, so you need a legislative fix to get that?
William Johnson: Yes, you need a legislative change to – you might be able to get a tracker here or there on something but in general what you’re describing requires a statutory change.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Ted Hein with Catapult
Ted Hein - Catapult: Just to follow up on what you were just talking with Michael about, so is your expectation that you could potentially see some change in the legislative structure that would allow you to file a forward test year?
William Johnson:  Well, if there is a consensus in the state that this is a good idea, and we adopt the state energy policy, and those kind of things, it’s possible. It’s hard to predict what will happen in any legislature, including the one here. But I will say this is a topic of significant discussion. There’s an official commission who’s thinking about this and really they’re not – maybe they’re half way through their work – so there’s a little time here to go, but I think that you will see something over the next year or two where we try to modernize our utility regulation.
Ted Hein : Interesting and is the legislature a full time legislature? Or when would it come in session and address this? 
William Johnson: Well sometimes it seems like it’s a full time legislature, but it’s not. It’s a citizen legislature. They come in January of next year and they have a long session. In North Carolina they have a long session followed by a short session the next year, and so you have to pay attention to what’s happening in the long session if you want to preserve it for the short session. How’s that?
Ted Hein : Okay. And then Mark, just a kind of nit-picky question on the quarter. There was a $0.03 tax item at the parent, a negative hit. Was that something that was a benefit in ’09 that didn’t recur, or is there just a little flavor around that?
Mark Mulhern: Yeah, I’m going to let Jeff Stone, our controller, just give you a little bit of the info on that one.
Jeff Stone: There were a number of items in taxes, probably the one that stands out the most is section 199 production deductions that we get and we take those at the utilities. But the net result of that when following the consolidated return is you get some negativity on the corporate side and while it doesn’t really stand out quite well on the tables, because you see a benefit under the utility lines, the benefits are there in the utilities and then you’re just seeing the negativity stick out on the corporate side.
Ted Hein : Gotcha. So on a net net basis, so it was actually a help for you but it just kind of the way the buckets are laid out it looks weird.
Jeff Stone: On net net basis we took a little bit larger deduction than we did last year for that.
Ted Hein : Gotcha. And then just finally, you were talking with Mark a little bit earlier about Central Ap coal, and I just wanted to know if there was any color you guys to give. If you look at the over the counter markets, like the NYMEX strip has really been ripping over the last couple of months up into over $80 a ton. Are those real prices, are you guys contracting at – are there physical volumes being contracted at those prices? Or is that – it doesn’t seem like power prices or gas prices are moving in the same direction. I just wanted to know if there’s any reason why that was happening and if physical volumes are actually changing hands at those prices.
Mark Mulhern: Well Ted, our portfolio, we’re actually over-hedged for the next 12 months. In other words we’ve got a full hedging complement for our coal so we’re not very much in the spot market at all. So I would say that at least from the - generally the utilities the way they’re contracted, spot activity would be relatively light. And I can’t comment exactly what all the drivers are around some of those issues but I would expect that because of the heat and demand, I’m sure these coal plants have been running fairly well and so there may have been a need to make up some volume in the spot markets in some of the utilities.
Operator: And with no other questions remaining, Mr. Johnson I’d like to turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
William Johnson: Thank you. In summary, we’re off to a pretty good start for the year. We’re going to keep a close eye on O&M for the rest of the year, and work our plan, work hard, and hope to have a very good call at the end of the next quarter. So we appreciate your interest and your participation in the call. Thanks.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Lynn Good - Chief Financial Officer and Group Executive James Rogers - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Stephen De May - Head of Investor Relations, Senior Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Duke Energy Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Stephen De May, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
Stephen De May: Thank you, Andrea. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Duke Energy's First Quarter 2010 Earnings Review. Leading our discussion today are Jim Rogers, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Lynn Good, Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer. Those of you who are familiar with our earnings calls will notice that today's presentation will be more streamlined than in the past. Some of the detail we used to cover the main section has been moved to an appendix that includes expanded disclosures to help you analyze the company's performance. By focusing the call on the major drivers of our results, we are able to reserve more time for your valuable questions, which we will take after our prepared remarks.  In addition to Jim and Lynn, Jim Turner, the head of our Franchised Electric and Gas businesses; and Keith Trent, the head of our Commercial businesses, will also be available to answer your questions. Before we begin, let me remind you that today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. You should refer to the information in our 2009 10-K and other SEC filings concerning factors that could cause future results to differ from this forward-looking information. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website and in today's materials.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim Rogers. Jim?
James Rogers: Thank you, Stephen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today, and thank you for your interest and investment in Duke Energy. We had a strong first quarter. As you saw in our news release this morning, we announced adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.36 for the first quarter of '10 versus $0.28 for the first quarter of '09. Reported diluted EPS for the first quarter 2010 was $0.34 compared to $0.27 for the first quarter 2009.  These solid results were primarily due to three factors: One, favorable weather; two, an increase in weather-normalized retail sales volumes; and three, the impact from the base rate increases approved in 2009 in North Carolina, South Carolina, Ohio and Kentucky. When fully implemented, these four increases will increase base rates by over $450 million a year. During the quarter, we experienced colder-than-normal weather across our service territories. Actually, in the Carolinas, February was one of the coldest on record and on January 11, we set a new winter peak for power demand. Relating to the economy, the signs of stabilization we began to see late last year, continued through the first quarter. Even though we continue to believe that the economic recovery will be gradual, this continued improvement gives us more confidence that the worst may be behind us.  With these results, we are on track to achieve the 2010 adjusted diluted EPS outlook range of $1.25 to $1.30, the guidance we reported at our February analyst meeting. Achievement of this year's EPS range assumes normal weather, continued success with our cost control efforts and maintaining our strong operational performance. And remember, our third quarter is historically our most significant quarter of the year.  In addition to the base rate increases I noted, I would like to highlight several of our key developments so far in 2010. First, we continue to make progress with our major construction projects. In our Regulated businesses, Cliffside is over 60% complete and Edwardsport is over 55% complete. Last month, we filed a cost update for the Edwardsport plant with the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission, which I will discuss later in more detail. Additionally, in our Commercial businesses, we are on target to bring over 250 megawatts of wind generation online in 2010.  Second, we continued our cost control efforts, including implementing our voluntary employee separation and office consolidation plans. We are on track to achieve our target of maintaining our 2010 O&M costs, net of deferrals and cost recovery riders flat with 2009.  Third, we remain focused on maintaining the strong operational performance of our generation fleet and grid. During the first quarter, we continued our strong operational performance such as our nuclear capacity factor, which ended the quarter at over 98%.  Finally, in Duke Energy International, we extended the joint venture agreement for National Methanol Company, NMC, by 20 years until 2032. This joint venture, which was scheduled to expire in 2011, has historically generated 20% to 30% of International's earnings contribution. We are very pleased with being able to extend this earnings stream. Let me now turn it over to Lynn, for a more detailed summary of the first quarter.
Lynn Good: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. Let me begin with an overview of our financial performance. Slide 4 contains details on our adjusted segment EBIT results for the quarter compared to the prior year, as well as the significant earnings drivers quarter-over-quarter. As you can see in the table on this slide, our total adjusted segment EBIT increased over $200 million, when compared with the first quarter of last year.  Both our U.S. Franchised Electric and Gas and International business segments showed improvement. While Commercial Power's results were generally flat with the first quarter of 2009, a credit to the hard work of our Ohio team and a challenging market environment.  The U.S. Franchised Electric and Gas segment increased adjusted segment EBIT by $187 million. Roughly half of this increase was due to rate increases approved in 2009 and our Regulated businesses. These include: Electric rate cases in both of the Carolinas, the electric distribution case in Ohio and the gas distribution case in Kentucky. These rate increases reflect the recovery of investments in our systems to make them more reliable, efficient and clean.  Favorable weather and increased sales volumes were the other significant drivers for the quarter. In the Carolinas, heating degree days were 22% above normal, while Charlotte experienced its coldest winter in over 40 years. While less extreme, weather was also favorable in the Midwest with heating degree days 11% above normal. I'll talk more about economic trends on or weather-normalized sales volumes in a few minutes. In our Commercial Powers segment, lower native margins, mostly due to customers switching pressures in Ohio, were offset by increased contributions from our Midwest gas assets. These contributions resulted from higher PJM capacity auction revenue. Additionally, the coal generation fleet experienced lower O&M expenses, principally due to fewer outages. Our Duke Energy Retail Sales customer acquisition efforts continue to mitigate the impact of customer switching.  Our International segment's adjusted EBIT increased $47 million over first quarter 2009, primarily driven by favorable foreign exchange rates primarily in Brazil and improved contributions from our investment in National Methanol, principally due to higher commodity prices.  Two additional drivers lowered our overall results. The first was increased interest expense of $26 million due to higher debt balances. And the second was a charge of $17 million related to changes in the tax treatment of Medicare Part D subsidies resulting from the passage of health care legislation in March.  For more detailed quarter-over-quarter drivers for each of our segments, please refer to the accompanying appendix. On Slide 5, I will review sales volume trends by customer class in our Regulated business. As we entered 2010, we expected a slow economic recovery and forecasted overall weather-normalized load growth to be flat to 2009. We believe that with double-digit unemployment levels in many of our service territories and vulnerability of industrial load in market segments like textiles, it was prudent to plan the year, assuming that 2010 would look like 2009.  As you can see on this slide however, our sales volumes for the first quarter of 2010 were higher than these original expectations. Overall, our weather-normalized electric volumes increased approximately 2.5% when compared to the same quarter in 2009.  Due primarily to the strength in the Primary Metals and Textile sectors, our weather-normalized Industrial sales volumes increased by approximately 9%. The Primary Metals sector experienced an increase of over 30%, while the Textile sector experienced an increase of around 10%.  Our Primary Metals customers tell us that they are running at production levels higher than anticipated at the start of the year, supported by strength in the automotive industry and a replenishment of inventories.  Similarly, our Textile customers are experiencing production levels in early '10 significantly above first quarter 2009 production levels.  While we are pleased with these production increases, we're cautious about sustained growth at these levels over the balance of the year. The appendix of this presentation contains additional details on quarterly Industrial volume trends. As we have done in the past, but we will continue to monitor industrial activities through our ongoing discussions with our customers. Let's move on to our Commercial and Residential sales activity. Our weather-normalized Commercial sales volumes declined slightly during the first quarter of 2010, when compared to the first quarter of 2009. This decline is consistent with our expectations as trends in this customer class has historically lagged the overall economy.  Our Residential sales volumes remain a bright spot. During the quarter, Residential weather-normalized sales volumes increased approximately 1.5% over first quarter 2009 levels. This growth is supported by increases in our customer base. During the recession and into 2010, customer growth has been primarily focused in the Carolinas and now, for the first time since the third quarter of 2008, we are seeing moderate customer growth in the Midwest.  Overall, based on these first quarter 2010 trends, we are cautiously optimistic about the economy but continue to believe that recovery will be slow and moderate. Although we see signs of recovery, high unemployment levels persist in many of our service territories. We will continue to closely monitor trends in each customer class as the year progresses. Next, I'll update you on competition in Ohio. You may recall that as economic pressures mounted into early 2009, energy demand collapsed and wholesale power prices fell dramatically. This created a gap between Duke Energy's established ESP price in Ohio and the prevailing market price, providing an economic incentive for customers to switch energy suppliers. As a result, we began to see an increase in switching primarily in our Commercial and Industrial customer classes.  Our competitive retail arm, Duke Energy Retail Sales, quickly became active in the Ohio market and successfully acquired a large portion of Duke Energy Ohio's switched load. By the end of 2009, the growth switching rate was around 40%, while the net switching rate, net of customer load acquired by Duke Energy Retail Sales, was about 15%. The unfavorable financial impact for 2009 was approximately $0.02 per share.  As we entered 2010, market prices remained low and we expected switching to continue. In establishing our earnings outlook for 2010, we estimated that the year-over-year EPS impact in the range of $0.04 to $0.07 and average gross switching at 45% for the year.  Based on our experience in the first quarter, we now expect gross switching to average 50% to 55% and to be in the upper end of the $0.04 to $0.07 EPS range. Switching continues to occur primarily in our Commercial and Industrial classes.  To date, Residential switching has been moderate. However, we are seeing increased competitor activity in the Residential sector in both government aggregation efforts and in the targeting of individual Residential customers. Duke Energy Retail Sales is active in the Residential aggregation market as well.  We actively seek ways to maintain the highest level of profitability and the dynamic environment in Ohio. Our retail arm, Duke Energy Retail Sales, will continue to pursue customer acquisitions aggressively, whether it is through a defensive strategy of acquiring customers in our service territory, or an offensive strategy in which we are selectively attracting customers outside of our service territory. Now let me move on to Slide 7, which summarizes our ongoing efforts and results from our cost control measures. During 2009, we mitigated the impact of the down economy with cost control efforts, while maintaining our focus on operational excellence. We are continuing these efforts into 2010.  Our cost objective for 2010 is to hold O&M, net of deferrals and cost recovery writers flat to 2009. As a result, we must sustain the O&M cuts we achieved in 2009 as well as observe absorb the impact of inflation.  You can see on the accompanying chart that during the first quarter, our O&M, net of deferrals and cost recovery writers, was slightly below the first quarter of last year. These results reflect the benefit of our ongoing cost control measures as well as lower storm costs compared to 2009 and the timing of other expenditures. To date, we are on track to achieve our cost objective for 2010. Let me also spend a few minutes highlighting our voluntary separation and office consolidation plans. In the first quarter, we offered a voluntary separation plan to our employees. The window for this offering has closed, with approximately 900 employees selecting or electing to accept the offer.  Additionally, we began the process to transfer and consolidate corporate functions to our headquarters in Charlotte, which will be completed over the next several years. Excluding approximately $15 million of pension-related costs, we expect to recognize total charges related to these programs of approximately $165 million.  We are targeting savings that will result in a two to three-year payback period. During the first quarter, we recognized approximately $68 million in charges and expect to recognize most of the remaining costs in 2010.  We remain committed to cost control measures but be assured that we will spend the dollars necessary to ensure the continued reliability and quality of our service to customers. In the appendix, you will find details of our quarterly performance compared to our annual expectations for a few key operational metrics.  Our focus on cost control and operational excellence is not merely financially motivated. Given our active regulatory calendar, it is important that we control costs and efficiently operate our plants to lessen the impact of price increases on our customers. In other words, cost control and operational excellence are very important in furthering our mission to provide affordable, reliable and clean energy to our customers.  In closing, we are on track to be within the $1.25 to $1.30 adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance range for 2010. We are encouraged by our strong start in 2010, principally driven by favorable weather and volume trend. However, it is premature to adjust our expectations for the entire year based on one quarter's performance. We have three quarters ahead of us, including the third quarter, which is historically our most significant one.  With that, of I will turn it back over to Jim for closing remarks.
James Rogers: Thank you, Lynn. Over the next three years, we expect to invest between $14 billion to $15 billion to modernize our generation, transmission and distribution system, maintain our facilities and sustain the earnings and cash flow from our Commercial businesses. Approximately 75% of these investments will be made in our Regulated businesses, giving us the ability to replace some of our older, less efficient plants with new, efficient and lower emitting units.  This becomes even more important given our belief that every power plant we operate today will need to be replaced by 2050 as a result of normal aging and technological obsolescence, with the exception of our hydro units and of course, assuming no further nuclear relicensing.  In keeping the appropriate long-term focus, I am reminded that the decisions we make today will still be impacting the company decades from now, as the power plants we are building will operate for 30, 40, or even 50 years or more. Let me now provide a summary of our major regulated construction projects.  As I noted earlier, our Cliffside project is over 60% complete and on budget. Through March 31, we have spent approximately $1.3 billion of the approximately $2.4 billion project total, including financing cost.  As you all may remember, we made a commitment to North Carolina air regulators that we will retire approximately 1,000 megawatts of older, less efficient, coal-fired generation through 2018 when Cliffside Unit 6 becomes operational in 2012.  Also, the Cliffside modernization project involves the installation of a scrubber on our existing Unit 5, which will share a common stack with Unit 6. The Unit 5 scrubber is on time and on budget, and it is scheduled to become operational this fall.  The Edwardsport project Indiana is over 55% complete, with final engineering over 90% complete. Through March 31, we have spent approximately $1.6 billion on the project, including financing cost.  This project is expected to become operational in 2012 and will give us the ability to replace the existing 160 megawatts of 1940s era generation located at the site. It will also help offset the required shutdown last fall of three units totaling 265 megawatts at our Wabash River station in Indiana. This shutdown stemmed from last spring's ruling in our new source review case.  As I noted earlier, in April, we informed the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission that the cost estimate of the Edwardsport project would increase to around $2.88 billion, about $530 million higher than the previous estimate. The main drivers for the increase are design evolution and scope growth arising from the uniqueness, complexity and scale of this plant. This is the first time a plant using this advanced cleaner coal technology has been built anywhere in the world at this scale.  Unlike a plant design that has been constructed many times, this project is essentially custom design, so existing guidance is limited on the project scope and the amounts of materials needed.  One of the larger items contributing to the cost increase is the need for a gray water treatment system at the plant, a cost of approximately $125 million. We are presenting to the commission a complete and detailed explanation of what is driving the higher estimated cost.  Meanwhile, we are working hard with our vendors and contractors and all facets of the project to find ways to mitigate these increased costs. We filed our testimony supporting the increased cost estimate in mid-April, and the IURC will conduct a hearing on this issue in August.  Finally, let me comment on our Buck and Dan River combined cycle gas-fired projects in North Carolina. We have broken ground on Buck and are making progress on our pre-construction efforts at Dan River. Both are on track and expected to come online in 2011 and 2012 respectively. These two projects are estimated to cost a total of approximately $1.4 billion including financing cost.  Before I close, let me take a moment to give you our point of view on the status of the energy and climate change legislation in Washington. The conventional wisdom today in Washington is that there is a low probability that a bill will be passed this year. Congress faces several options at this juncture.  First, they can start over in the next session of Congress and leave it to the EPA to act in 2011 if Congress fails to act by year end. Secondly, they can attempt to pass Senators Kerry and Lieberman's bill and as you all know, Senator Graham stepped away for a variety of reasons two weeks ago from the support of this bill. But this bill is currently being modeled by the EPA, and they should complete their work in five to six weeks.  And as can be expected, numerous other senators are drafting a variety of related bills. Some are discussing the pursuit of a utility-only energy and carbon bill. It would be coupled with provisions that would reduce further the emissions of sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxide and mercury. Certainly, this would give the utility industry a complete and clear roadmap as to its future admissions requirements. I suspect that this is a low-probability outcome in the coming months.  Every week seems different. With the oil spill last week, the probabilities and possibilities seem to change yet again. So my report to you is more to come as we move forward, addressing this issue in Washington. Turning to Slide 9, this is a slide we will come back to throughout the year to demonstrate the progress we continue to make to fulfill the short and long-term commitments we made to you at our February Analyst Meeting. As you can see, with the first quarter behind us, we are on track for our short-term commitments; such as achieving the 2010 adjusted diluted EPS range of $1.25 to $1.30 and continuing our plans to finance the business.  Although it is important to focus on our short-term objectives, our business makes it imperative that we stay focused on the longer-term. This is why we have been active in Washington, as well as at the state and local levels, fighting for fair and reasonable legislative outcomes for both our customers and investors.  Our long-term commitments include the following: First, growing earnings and dividends. Our plans support achieving a 4% to 6% compounded annual growth rate and adjusted diluted EPS off a base of 2009 over the next few years.  Additionally, we are targeting continued growth in the dividend, but at a rate slower than the growth in our adjusted diluted EPS. 2010 represents the 84th consecutive year that Duke Energy has paid a quarterly cash dividend on its common stock.  Second, allocating capital efficiently and earning competitive returns. In our Regulated businesses, the mitigation of regulatory lag closing the gap between are allowed and earned returns is job one. In our Commercial business, job one is achieving appropriate risk-adjusted returns.  And finally, maintaining a strong balance sheet. This involves maintaining our liquidity and credit ratings, which supports our ability to execute on our business plans. Overall, our long-term focus on modernizing our fleet and grid makes Duke a solid value proposition for investors.  Before we take your questions, I would also like to refer you to our 2009 and 2010 sustainability report, which we recently published. This report has extensive metrics on our operational and environmental performance over the last year.  It also describes how we make decisions, balancing the need for affordable, reliable and increasingly clean energy. 2009 was the fourth consecutive year that Duke Energy was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for North American Companies in the electric utility sector. You can access our sustainability report on our website at www.duke-energy.com. Now let's open up the lines for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll now take our first question comes from Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: In Duke Ohio service territory, you're losing regulated customers so to speak and gaining competitive customers, but typically there's a margin difference in the two customers. Can you kind of give us a sense of what you're gaining versus what you're losing on a margin basis?
Lynn Good: What I would direct you to, and this is Lynn, is the $0.04 to $0.07 that we put out there in terms of comparative impact between years. And as we indicated in the remarks just a moment ago, we see that trending to the higher end of the range.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: But the customer acquisition and loss has been relatively down 15%, correct?
Lynn Good: We're reporting that we expect switching to be in the range of 50% to 55% on average for the year. And our experience up to this point has been that we're retaining about 60% of that switched load. So all of those things taken together is really the underpinnings for the $0.04 to $0.07 that we've shared with you.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Any plans for putting generation into Duke Energy Retail's service to kind of hedge out unexpected changes in weather?
Lynn Good: It's a good question. We have evaluated at various times over the period that Ohio has been deregulated, pulling our assets out of Duke Energy Ohio into a competitive entity. We have not done so at this point and in fact, we're precluded from doing so in the last ESP, but it's something that we continue to evaluate.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Can you give us a sense of how you mitigate or how do you hedge out your portfolio for the Ohio retail business?
Lynn Good: We do hedge in the market.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Hugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: I had a question about Edwardsport, which the plant and developments there are somewhat worse, I mean I kind of wanted to get your forward-look at possible outcomes. My concern stems from the size of the cost increase, the fact, if I remember correctly, that it's the second one and that it reflects this problem of design evolution and scope growth. And you're trying to pass it through at a time of course when the economy is weak and unemployment is high, and some of the pressure around advancing technologies like this one, the CO2 legislation is easing off. Should we be concerned about the potential outcomes in the review of that latest cost increase?
James Rogers: You have correctly characterized the escalation and the estimate of our cost. We have detailed information provided to the commission with respect to these additional costs. As you may know, the commission has hired Black & Veatch, a separate engineering group, to work with us and have an independent assessment of the changes that we're making and the changes in design. Yes, this is a difficult period and our overall expectation is that these cost increases, given the complexity of the project, are unfortunate but explainable, given what we are trying to achieve here. Jim, do you want to add to that?
James Turner: For of all, Hugh, I'd encourage you, if haven't seen it, to take a look at the testimony and exhibits that we filed on April 16 with the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission. The other parties will file their testimony in June and we'll have a hearing in August on the case. You asked about concern, you always have concern when you go back for an estimate increase and it's unfortunate and we wish we didn't have to do it. The one thing that I do feel good about at this point is the engineering is essentially complete. Most of the equipment has now been ordered and a lot of the design evolution and scope growth that drove this particular increase came as our vendor was finishing up the engineering work on the project. We really saw a lot of the scope growth and design changes happen that impacted the size of the project. And if you want to think about it this way, we're essentially building a plant that's half again as big as the original feed study that was done in early 2007 contemplated, but a lot of that now is locked in. Now the thing we're really focused on is managing the construction at the site, because that's really where all the work is left to be done, with all the engineering work pretty much behind us. So your question is a good one. The incremental rate impact we identified in the testimony is about 3% over where we thought the project was going to be. And what we did in our testimony is we also did a brief summary, integrated resource planning exercise, which showed that the plant continues to be a cost-effective option for us in Indiana even at the increased price. This project's enjoyed huge support huge support from Indiana so far. It's one of the largest construction projects in the state's history. It's obviously employing a lot of people in the state right now. I think it continues to enjoy political support in Indiana and will continue to enjoy political support even at the increased estimate.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: That was a 3% increase in system average rates to recover the $530 million is that what you meant?
James Turner: Yes, average bill impact.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: And that's on top of -- what was the prior increase?
James Turner: Well it's going to make the entire bill impact of Edwardsport be around 19%.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: 19% increase in system average rates?
James Rogers: Yes.
James Turner: In the average bill impact to customers.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Can you perhaps go a little bit further to the potential adverse outcomes? I understand that there are reasons to be optimistic. I can also imagine an intervener coming in and saying these fellows forgot to include a water treatment plant in their design. Are we meant to cover omissions like that? I certainly see the both sides of this relatively clearly, and I wonder if you could perhaps just comment on outcomes that perhaps fall short of full recovery, what the implications might be for you all?
James Turner: Hugh, you can't speculate as we sit here today and you can't -- you never say never about what regulators and what the regulatory process might prove out. The one thing I'd say and I'd reinforce what Jim said earlier which is the commission has had Black & Veatch on staff as an advisor since about mid-2008. They have been on site at Edwardsport literally every step of the way with this in project reviews, with our major vendors as we've gone through the construction process. So there are clearly no surprises in that sense with the project. Your question about the wastewater treatment system, I'll address specifically. When we originally had the project design come to us, we assumed we would be able to do deep well injection of the wastewater. We believe that both from a standpoint of the chemical components of the water, in the wastewater, as well as environmental regulations that seem to grant an exception, even if the water was considered hazardous, that he would be able to dispose of it in a deep well for an IGCC plant. Both of those assumptions ultimately proved not to be true but there's certainly assumptions everybody I think understood early on and we are -- now we're needing to design a first-of-a-kind wastewater treatment system. Again, the parties to the case, certainly Black & Veatch, is well aware of this design evolution and the need to address those kinds of things.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ali Agha with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: Jim, just to follow up on Edwardsport for one more sec, I mean is the construction schedule pretty much on track as you're building the plants right now and waiting for the hearing, et cetera? And given how much you've spent and where you are in the process, I mean is it fair to say that the best-case scenario is you get the recovery, but if you don't get the recovery, you're going to have to build the plant anyway given how far along you are?
James Rogers: The construction is on schedule. We have not backed off construction with this estimate increase. We continue to push very hard on the construction of the project, working very closely with Bechtel, our principal EPC and General Electric, the equipment vendor, to drive this forward. So as we said in our testimony, we continue to believe this is a very good project for the state, for our customers. And yes, we are committed to driving it forward.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: And Jim, a separate question for Jim Rogers. Was wondering your comments on the recent transaction in Kentucky with the E.ON assets. Obviously, Duke's name was very closely associated with that whole process. Any perspective you could share on the price or what you saw there or did not see there or how you saw that play out?
James Rogers: Good question. We did participate in the process. We worked hard to win because we felt there were a lot of reasons why that asset was contiguous to our assets in the Midwest and it made sense from an operational standpoint, it made sense from increasing our scale perspective. But at the end of the day, we lost to PP&L (sic) [PPL], and we wish them the best of luck with their proposed acquisition.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: Jim, fair to say we should expect Duke to be a participant if there are future consolidation opportunities in the utilities space?
James Rogers: We, today, are a combination of three companies. As you look at where we are today in our industry, I think we're in the beginning of another wave, and there's been a series of waves of consolidation over the last two decades. And I think we're in the beginning of another wave of consolidation. And you can trust the fact that we will be very opportunistic as we look at the opportunities, but we'll be very disciplined in our approach to any opportunity that we might find.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: Quick question on demand and the numbers you had in the first quarter, obviously look encouraging versus the expectations you laid out for the year. What's holding you back from upping that for the annual outlook as we're sitting here sort of almost midway through the second quarter?
Lynn Good: Jonathan, that's a good question. I think much as we said in our remarks, it's one quarter. We do see some strengths in the Industrial demand based on conversations with our customers through the second quarter. But there's a lot of cautiousness about the back half of the year, particularly with primary metals. And I guess the other thing I would comment on is our results were influenced by weather in the first quarter. And that's something that of course can turn around with a cool July. So it's just something we'll continue to monitor. We're very pleased with the way we started the year.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: Focusing on the normalized numbers, is there implicit in your answer a sense that you're not quite sure what normalized is or...
Lynn Good: I think that's fair. I think that's fair.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: And if I may on just one other topic, could you give us an update on what you see in your renewables development space, particularly on the wind side and speak to kind of how you see the market around PPAs currently and your positioning therein?
Lynn Good: Sure. Jonathan, as we've shared in the past, our target is to grow at a pace of 250 megawatts a year. That has come in, in a lumpy way. And by that I mean in 2009 we added about 360 megawatts. We're on track in '10 to achieve our 250-megawatt goal. But as we look to '11, we're still working on that pipeline. I'd say the same about '12. And so some of the things that you've been reading about, states or municipalities and utilities pulling back a bit because of lack of clarity on renewable standards, softness in demand, perhaps low gas prices, we do find the PPA market as a result of those factors to be a bit more challenging than they were in 2009. But I think with the size of growth aspiration that we have, we still think 250 megawatts is a reasonable target for us to shoot at.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: So in terms of the '10 target, what's the status of the contract?
Lynn Good: We do. We're fully contracted for '10, we're under construction.
Operator: We'll hear next from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Can you talk about in the Midwest, which of your Industrial sub-sectors you're seeing strength in demand and which of the Industrial sectors where you're actually still seeing a bit of lagging of demand?
Lynn Good: Morning, Michael, it's Lynn. Primary metals are the sector that's really driving Midwestern growth, and you can see that in the appendix slide that we've attached, about 30% growth, Q1 '10 over Q1 '09. In terms of softness, I would say we're seeing stability in chemicals but not a lot of growth. We are hearing from customers that perhaps the back half will look better than the first half of the year.
Michael Lapides: Second, when we think about your guidance for 2010, what's the assumed authorized ROE at the regulated subs? And maybe just focus on the Carolinas here, meaning what earned ROE is embedded in your 2010 guidance?
Lynn Good: Michael, what we shared in connection with the rate increases is that we believe the rate cases will give us an opportunity to earn 50 to 100 basis points above where we were in '09. So I would think about it in the range of 9.5% to 10%.
Operator: And we'll go next to Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I wanted to touch base with you, with Jim on a comment that I think was made when you got the World Citizen Award. With respect to you perhaps partnering with China to buy a utility, just in general if you could sort of give us a flavor for what kind of opportunities you might be seeing with respect to that? I mean, are you picking internationally? Just in general, how should we think about the potential sort of follow-up, I think, on Ali Agha's questions?
James Turner: That's a good question, and let me just briefly kind of summarize kind of our game plan with respect to the Chinese companies that we're working with. First, our objective is to share technology and share people. And as you know, they are scaling technology very fast, driven by their economic imperative as they have vast, millions of people moving from rural to urban areas. So we believe that they will scale things CCS like faster there than here, and so we'll know whether or not it's a viable option for us in the future. They're building 24 nuclear plants today. There's a lot of learnings that are going on there with respect to the building a nuclear. They are building a new coal plant every other week. And they lead the world in both solar panels and wind turbines. So there's a lot for us to learn because we think of ourselves, and we are, in the infrastructure business. And they are building out infrastructure faster than anybody in the world. So we see a great opportunity to learn, particularly with our generation as we are on a mission to retire and replace all our generation by 2050. Secondly, we are working with them with respect to co-investing in projects in both North and South America. We see opportunities for them to our partner us in existing assets, as well as new assets that we might either develop or acquire. And that's assets both in the U.S. as well as in South America. So we are working very closely with them with respect to those kind of opportunities going forward. Is that specific enough for your question?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Well, I'd like it if you got more specific, but I don't know if you feel comfortable doing that. I mean, guess this discussion about possibly buying a utility that was discussed in North Carolina, I mean at some award is [ph] - from what I've read. Any thought there in terms of what they bring to the table there? Is it cost of capital? What should we think about, what we heard there? Or what was reported?
James Rogers: I would think of it this way. Yes, they bring a very low cost of capital as you might imagine. They hold maybe $1.6 trillion in U.S. treasuries. And so any kind of return greater than that would be an improvement for them. And so one, they have low cost of capital. Two, they have demonstrated a great ability to build new facilities and build them fast and to build quality facilities. So clearly, from that standpoint, we see partnerships making sense. I do envision over a longer period of time that they could participate in a joint ownership of nuclear plants, or maybe the joint ownership of coal facilities, or even the joint ownership of a utility within the U.S. So again, I do think that these are opportunities that are on the horizon, and we're certainly not ruling any of them out as potential opportunities.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And then just finally, the offensive strategy that you guys are thinking of employing or employing more of; could you give us a flavor as to what service territories would be particularly attractive to you guys on the retail competitive side in the offensive strategy that you're thinking of?
Lynn Good: Paul, I'm not going to speak specifically about our strategy because, as you can imagine, Ohio is a particularly competitive environment. So I would just like to leave it at outside of our service territory.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And we'll see more of that, you think? Or is it going to be pretty much what we've seen so far in proportion to the defensive?
Lynn Good: I don't think that we should forecast anything more rapid than what we've seen up to this point. What we are doing is trying to participate actively as the market develops.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll move next to Stephen Huang with Carlson Capital.
Stephen Huang: I just had two quick questions. The first one is on the NMC extension, congratulations on that first. The question I have for that is, when we look into 2013, I know the ownership comes down. But is it fair to assume that you guys, with the expansion program there, that earnings should be able to at least hold flat?
Lynn Good: It's a good question. And as you might expect, the earnings of NMC are a bit difficult to project given the volatility that we experience as a result of commodity prices. We would expect our ownership interest to decline probably beginning in 2014 at the completion of the new plant. And overall, we don't expect the new plant to be a significant contributor to NMC's earnings. So if commodity prices were to remain the same as they are today, you would expect the contribution to decrease somewhat. But I think it's premature to give any guidance around 2013, 2014.
Stephen Huang: And then the second question was back to the Ohio competitive market. You talk about this year to the higher end of the $0.04 to $0.07. When should we expect that, that should return back to you guys? When the ESP rolls off? Or maybe it'll stay out there forever, the $0.07 loss. Can you help us understand that a little bit better?
Lynn Good: It's a good question. Two things I would point to is that our ESP does expire at the end of '11, and we will begin discussions and negotiations with the commission in late '10, early '11 about how we move forward and set prices into the next phase of our ESP. Our bias has been to use the ESP mechanism and that continues to be our position. But the pricing of an ESP in 2012 at the renewal date will be impacted by what market prices are at that point. And so as we think about perhaps a three-year extension, '12, '13 and '14, you should be considering sort of an average market price out in that period as a proxy for the range that we would be targeting in our negotiations.
Stephen Huang: But that $0.04 to $0.07 should roll into '11 then because ESP continues to the end of '11?
Lynn Good: That's correct.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: I was wondering if there were any quick changes or updates on Lee.
Lynn Good: On Lee Nuclear? Jim, do you want to...
James Rogers: Sure. I mean we're still working our way through the NRC process with respect to our COLA on the Lee plant. We are working with DOE with respect to loan guarantees. That potential is still on the horizon. We still have plans to file a CPCN in the first quarter of next year. So everything's on track and our goal line is to bring this online in 2020, 2021.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions. I'll turn the call back over to Mr. Stephen De May for any closing or additional remarks.
Stephen De May: Thank you, Andrea. And let me close by thanking everyone for joining us today. As always, the Investor Relations team is available to take your follow-up questions. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-11 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Robert F. Drennan, Jr. - Vice President of Investor Relations,  William D. Johnson – Chairman of the board, President and Chief Executive Officer Mark F. Mulhern - Chief Financial Officer Vincent M. Dolan - President and Chief Executive Officer of Progress Energy Florida
Analysts:  Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital Carrie St. Louis - Fidelity Investments Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Risa Heteki (ph) – Decade Capital Vedula Murti - CDP US Michael Worms - BMO 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Progress Energy’s 2009 Year End Earnings Conference Call. (Operator’s Instructions). For opening remarks and introductions, I now turn the conference call over to Bob Drennan of Progress Energy. Please go ahead, sir. 
Robert F. Drennan, Jr.: Thank you, Jessica and good morning and welcome to everyone. Joining me this morning are Bill Johnson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Mulhern, our Chief Financial Officer; and other members of our management team. As a reminder, this call will be archived on our website for the next two weeks. We are currently being webcast from our Investor Relations page at progress-energy.com. We are also offering an audio replay of this call in the Windows Media format, which will be available from our website. I would direct your attention to our website, where we have included a set of slides which accompany our speaker’s prepared remarks this morning. These slides can be found at progress-energy.com/webcasts. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements as well as reviewing historical information. There are numerous factors that may cause future actual results to differ materially from these statements, and we outlined these on our earnings release, Form 10-K, 10-Q, and other SEC filings as well as a risk factor discussion which is also found in our forms 10-K and 10-Q. (Inaudible) about way of information, we plan on releasing our form 10-K on February 26th. This morning, following opening comments from Bill and Mark, we will open the phone lines to address your questions. Now I will turn the call over to Bill Johnson. 
William D. Johnson: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. We understand we’re not the biggest news in the sector this morning so we appreciate you being on the call with us and we’ll bill down the information we covered on our call several weeks ago. In addition to Mark and I, we have Vincent Dolan and Lloyd Yates, the CEOs of our two utilities, with us here today. If you turn to slide four, it outlines the topics I’ll cover today. We’ll talk in more depth about 2009 and 2010 and I’ll speak to a few specific issues such as Florida regulatory matters, the crystal river outage and our fleet modernisation strategy. So let’s start with ongoing earnings on slide five. For 2009 we’re reporting fourth quarter ongoing earnings per share of $0.50 up $0.03 over the fourth quarter a year ago. And four year earnings were $3.03 up $0.07 over 2008. The 2009 result is within our original guidance and within the narrowed range of $3.00-$3.05 we provided last month.  So we posted good solid results in a challenging year, thanks to the aggressive cost management and the highly focused attention of our employees. And today we’re also affirming the ongoing earnings guidance for 2010 that we provided last month $2.85-$3.05 per share. On slide six we poured out our strong track record of delivering on our earnings per share commitments. We know investors count on us to do what we say we will do, just as our customers count on us for reliable service. Turn to slide seven; we cite some of the significant milestones we achieved last year. I’ll point out just a few here, for the total enterprise we were named to the Dow Jones sustainability index for the fifth year in a row in 2009 and we launched a 100MG rooftop solar initiative. In the Carolinas we secured 20-year contract extensions with two large wholesale customers and we placed the new combustion turbine service while breaking ground on a new combined cycle plan. Last year we announced another part of our fleet modernisation strategy, a major coal-to-gas program in North Carolina, which represents a break-through opportunity that has received widespread positive attention and I’ll speak more on that in a minute. You’ll recall that Progress Energy Florida completed a fleet modernisation project as a Bartow plan last summer. This oil to gas repowering was an outstanding success in terms of project management, capacity expansion and emissions reductions, and there is more of this to be done in Florida when the time is right. And despite the disappointing regulatory outcome in Florida last month, keep in mind that we did have successful outcomes in a number of regulatory (inaudible) in Florida last year. I’ll also talk more about the recent rate case decision in a moment.  So we made substantial progress in 2009, despite the economy. And if we move to slide 8, I want to give you a feel for how we’re approaching 2010, which is going to be another challenging year for us.  You know as managers of this enterprise we think of our job in terms of managing the present while creating the future. In other words, dealing effectively with the immediate realities and also laying the groundwork for a strong future. Now to do that effectively on any sustainable basis requires a constructive stable regulatory of policy environment. It requires a recognition of the costs involved in building and operating a reliable utilities system and a recognition that our ability to do so depends on the confidence of investors. It also requires an understanding of the need for near-term investment to return long-term benefits and their short-term decisions can have longer-term impacts.  One way to describe our role is regulated public utilities, is that we raise private capital to carry out public policy and our regulators send direct and indirect signals about the policy they want us to implement. These signals inform the way we manage the present and also create the future and to influence our ability to access and deploy capital. So let me give you some examples of our dual focus on the present and the future and how it’s affected by regulatory action. Obviously managing the present includes both operational and financial performance. It requires daily attention to operating our system, serving customers and managing projects, it also means exercising the financial discipline to meet our earnings per share target, which this year requires us to redouble our belt tightening and efficiency measures. Regulatory support for sufficient O&M funding is obviously important to managing the business, so addressing the Florida rate decision will be a specific challenge for us in managing the present, with as little impact on customers as possible. Another challenge will be concluding the Crystal River 3 extended outage, which I’ll address in a moment.  At the same time we’re dealing with these short-term problems, we will work on creating long-term value for our customers and shareholders. So we’ll take additional steps this year in continuing to build our balanced solution portfolio in a way that meets customer needs, public policies, and our own financial objectives. This effort spans a spectrum of initiatives from energy efficiency programs, alterative energy projects, investments and state-of-the-art power systems. These system investments include smart-grid and fleet modernisation in the near to mid-term and new advanced nuclear in the longer term. Of course, we cannot take these steps unless the jurisdictions where we operate have signalled this as a policy direction they support. On that note, there has been considerable comment about the current regulatory situation in Florida, so I want to emphasize that we will continue to work with our customers and regulators to foster a constructive regulatory climate in Florida. This is vital, given the need for substantial investment there in the years ahead.  At this point our assessment of the policy direction has been adopted in Florida, is one that emphasizes minimizing near-term expenditure that would impact rates and we certainly understand the concerns regarding electric rates, particularly in these difficult economic times. But we also note there is much to do in Florida in the near-term and beyond to address the energy and environmental challenges of the future. So we have to increase our efforts to insure this is a state where private capital can be raised to effectively implement public policy.  Meanwhile, in an internal way we are producing long-term value as our company wide effort called continuous business excellence. Unlike short-term bell tightening this is a systematic effort to achieve sustainable, internal efficiency improvements and we’re already seeing good early success with this program. Now if you turn to slide nine I’ll give you an update on the Florida rate case follow up and the upcoming Levy filings, the Florida PSC will issue its written order in our base rate case next week on the 17th. But you already know the basic facts and the bottom line of the commission’s decision. No rate increase beyond the $132 million approved last year for the Bartlow project. When we get the written order we will study specifics and evaluate our options going forward. Our options we will evaluate will include filing an appeal of the order, taking regulatory relief in 2010, given our updated energy forecast for the year and preparing and filing another full base rate case, also consider some combination of these options. But again we have to wait and see the written order before we can make any decisions here. And we’ll also be mindful of the economic circumstances in our communities and the impact on our customers. Meanwhile, we have two filings with the PSC on our Levy Nuclear Project, a large project that is greatly dependant on the willingness of investors to put their capital to work in Florida. Despite the annual nuclear cost recovery process we file on March 1, our final tree-up numbers for 2009 cost associated with Levy.  On May 1 we file 2010 and 2011 projections, as well as information on the projects long term feasibility. Building state of the art nuclear plants will be an essential part of how the US addresses climate change while securing our energy supply. As you know, the federal licensing process has affected the schedule for Levy and the federal signals for new nuclear as still decidedly mixed, in with more positive talk lately. And at the state level in Florida, it’s not at all clear that the current atmosphere is conducive for an investment of this type and size, particularly if it raises electric rates in the near term. But naturally all of this gives us pause, even though nuclear expansion is clearly part of the right long term solution for reducing greenhouse gas emissions and increasing our nation’s energy independence. So we have much to consider in this changing regulatory and policy landscape as we make our decisions on the future of the Levy Project. At a minimum, if we move forward with the project we expect that it necessarily will be on a slower schedule with much less spending in the near term. If you go to Slide 10 I’ll update you on the extended outage at our Crystal River 3 Nuclear Plant in Florida. This was a planned outage that began last September included a significant of scope of work. Including retain, refueling and maintenance, but also steam generation replacement in our power outbreak. We originally were going to return the plant to service by the end of December, until we discovered a crack in the concrete on one wall section of the containment building, the large cylindrical building shown on the slide. Further investigation showed what’s called a delamination in the section of the wall near the opening that was part of replacing the steam generations. The delamination causes separation or gap within one section of the outer nine inch portion of a nearly 42 inch thick concrete wall. So we notified the NRC and have kept them well informed of this. They also promptly began and exhaustive route cause analysis, which has proven to be an extraordinary complex undertaking involving the leading concrete and civil experts in the world. This analysis points to an integrate interplay of several factors that cause this condition. So we are finalizing the analysis for a repair plan. Expect to complete the repair and return the plant to serve by mid year.  The plant is in a safe condition and safety will obviously remain our top priority here. We have not finalized our estimates on the repair and replacement power costs yet. Once the plant returns to service we will ask the Florida PSC to open a docket on this outage so the commission and interested parties can review all the relevant facts. Now I’d like to say a word about our fleet modernization strategy before Mark Mulhern provides detail on the company’s financials. The debate over climate change has been ongoing for several years and shows little signs of immediate conclusion. But I think the ultimate direction is clear and we need to start preparing our operations for this transition to a lower carbon future. And we’re doing this through several parts of our balanced solution. But the biggest impact we can make in the early years is to reduce our generation emissions. Our strategy in this regards has been first, to control emissions from our largest and most efficient coal plants by installing scrubbers, SCRs and the like. The second step is retiring our older, uncontrolled coal and oil units and replacing them with more efficient natural gas units. This will provide a bridge to new advanced nuclear, more mature renewals as scale and greater penetration of efficiency.  We started this process at Bartow in Florida, which I said earlier on oil to gas conversion we completed last summer.  You’ll see on Slide 11, now that our focus has turned squarely to the Carolinas. The reason for this is simple and takes me back to my opening comments. We have received clear, unambiguous policy and regulatory direction in support in the Carolinas to pursue this path. So in North Carolina we plan to retire all 11 of our remaining un-scrubbed coal units by the end of 2017. This represents nearly 1,500 megawatts, about 30% of our coal fleet in the state. And we’ll replace that capacity and more with combined cycle natural gas and possibly bio mask conversions. So this fleet modernization strategy has many benefits. It will result in substantial reduction in NOx, So2 and mercury emissions, and will be a substantial down payment on our carbon reduction strategy. It also reduces our exposure to potential issues related to coal ash management. And it results in lower economic development, including construction, support and operations jobs while producing utility rate base growth. This is probably the bigger fleet and good modernization story that we hope to continue pursuing at both utilities.  We see enormous long term value in this approach for our stakeholders across the board. Now I’ll ask Mark to go into more details about our financials.
Mark F. Mulhern: Thank you, Bill and good morning to everyone. My objective today is to give you a brief overview of the earnings drivers for 2009 and then give you more details to support our 2010 earnings guidance of 285-305 per share. I’ll also spend a few minutes on Cap Ex, cash flow and our discussions with the rating agencies in the aftermath of the Florida A Case.  So let me begin with Slide 14 which shows the earnings per share at each of the utilities for the fourth quarter and for all of 2009. The key point is that our increase of $0.07 year over year includes dilution from the issuance of $640 million of new equity in 2009. So as Bill showed you earlier, our ongoing earnings actually increased by $70 million over 2008.  Slide 15 is a water fall chart showing the components of what drove 2009’s earnings. Key items here include positive weather, higher retail rates in Florida and returns on our capital investments. These positives were offset by weaker than projected retail growth and usage, dilution from the issuance of shares and higher interest expense. So we delivered $3.03 in EPS for 2009, just short of the mid point of our guidance. And as we have said, we had a couple of winter storms right at the end of the year that increased O&M and because of timing we were unable to mitigate. Otherwise we would have been right at our mid point of $3.05.  So for those of you interested in variance analysis on the income statement, we’ve summarized the key drivers of selected items on Slide 16. And hopefully this will help you in understanding the primary changes from the 2008 income statement. You’ll recall we included this because of the way certain things flow through the income statement. For example, Florida’s nuclear cost recovery shows up in the revenue line but has an almost equal offset in the depreciation and amortization line. So again, this is designed to help you navigate to the variances on the income statement. For 2009 we are pleased to have continued our track record of delivering on the earnings guidance we established at the beginning of the year. Meeting our commitments and managing the present is the key theme that Bill emphasizes throughout the company. And it’s working and you see the evidence of our ability to do what we say we’re going to do.  So now I’ll shift to the expectations for 2010. Slide 17 shows a waterfall chart that reconciles our 2009 actual to the mid point of our 2010 projected ongoing earnings per share range. And I’ll briefly walk you through the reds and the greens so you get a sense of what is behind our numbers. First, we start with adjusting 2009 to normal weather. So you deduct $0.06 to get to the $2.97. And as I say that, remember, we have had a very cold January in both utilities. Where we set new inner peaks at PEC and PEF in January. And February’s weather continues to be colder than normal. So we expect to see a significant impact of weather in our first quarter numbers.  So I won’t cover every box on the waterfall, but give you key items on the positives. The increased investments box its positive $0.19, represents capital investments being completed and shifting to cash recovery either through clauses or base range. A big, big portion of this is finishing the environmental work at PEF.  Next item is Bartow plus $0.15 which is the full year impact of the recovery we were granted in the Florida rate case. So you will recall we got interim relief for this in the second half of 2009.  The next item regulatory release O&M of plus $0.10, those (inaudible) we’re still deciding our course of action in Florida where we’ve incorporated our plan $0.10 or approximately $50 million pre tax that we have pointed towards regulatory relief. You will recall we had a similar item in last year’s assumptions that turned out well with respect to interim and limited rate relief and an accounting order and pension.  Obviously the landscape in Florida has changed but we believe there are options available to us that could help us address this item.  If for some reason we are unsuccessful in the regulatory arena and we will require further cuts at O&M, our company has a successful track record in cost management. So if it comes to O&M reductions, you should have confidence that we will deliver. It should be noted however, that further cuts in O&M in Florida will likely lead to reductions in service quality. Our customers in Florida have come to expect a certain level of service that was supported by the constructive regulatory environment over the last decade since the merger in 2000. Next item, PEC retail revenue book (inaudible) plus $0.09. I’ll show you a chart in a few minutes on kilowatt hour sales in each of the utilities. But this line effectively represents an assumption that PEC will see higher growth and usage in 2010 of approximately 0.6% higher kilowatt hours over 2009 actuals. But this equates to about $0.09 after tax. We do expect a decline actually in kilowatt hour sales in Florida. So a couple of minutes on the negatives. Interest expense of minus $0.15 represents the higher debt levels at the holding company based on the financing we did late in 2009. And slightly higher rates assumed for 2010.  We then have share dilution of $0.11. This incorporates an updated assumption of approximately $500 million of new equity issued through the investor plus plans. And we felt this was necessary given the lower amount of cash we received in the rate case and the need to preserve balance sheet strength at the utilities. And I will note, we sold about $50 million in equity through the investor plus plan in December of 2009 at prices above $39 a share.  On the wholesale margin negativity of $0.10. We explained on our last call that there are several contracts that expired at the end of 2009, with due to decreased demand in Florida will not be renewed or replaced in the short term. That equates to approximately $0.10 of negativity versus 2009. So earlier I touched on the Florida retail revenue assumption. So when you do all the math across the waterfall chart you get to the $2.95 or the mid point of our range.  We feel very confident about achieving this range despite a very challenging landscape. Our management and execution skills will be tested here. But as we have demonstrated we are up for the challenge. So some more detail on the waterfall chart, Slide 18 gives you more detail on the weather normalized retail kilowatt hour sales. So again, connecting the assumptions in the guidance, in the Carolinas, we are projecting a positive 2010 in kilowatt hour sales after two years of decline. That is primarily driven by less negativity in the industrial sector and an up-tick in residential and commercial sales as we see a gradual improvement in the economy. In Florida we continue to forecast a decline, but at the level about 1/2 of last year’s decline. And this is a significant issue for us and why we were disappointed that the regulators in Florida failed to recognize the impact of declining revenues in a heavily fixed cost business. Shifting to Slide 19, is our traditional customer growth and low usage slide. You can see trends improving. But again, we expect a long slow recovery. And in Florida in particular it is very much dependant on the rest of the country’s economic recovery. On Slide 20, we show our O&M cost management three year history. We did have some higher nuclear costs in 2009. But otherwise we’re able to manage, minimize the increase in O&M to a 1.8% increase year over year. For 2010 recognizing the challenges we face, we have already adjusted our compensation plans down by 50 million versus 2009. We have communicated this to our employees and are committed to focusing on what we can control. So now I’ll shift to Cap Ex and cash flow and financing plans for 2010. To Slide 21 shows our projected capital expenditures for 2010 through 2012. And I’ll mention a couple of points here. First of all, we have not included any new nuclear capital here. We did that intentionally because our direction here is under review and discussion. As Bill said, you can expect a slower schedule for the Levy Project and less capital the next few years than we have previously communicated. But with the regulatory fines we have coming up you will see more clarity around that in the next few months. Next thing I’ll mention is we have worked internally to reduce Cap Ex over the next three year by about $600 million. This is not readily obviously to you because our Cap Ex numbers from last year’s analysis meeting actually changed quite a bit with the coal to gas repowering announcement in the Carolinas in 2009.  And the last point I would make is we have changed the risk profile of our Cap Ex plan in light of the Florida regulatory decision. And you can see this splits at the bottom of Slide 21 where we’ve effectively shifted our Cap Ex split from roughly 65%, 35% to PEF to closer to 65% to Progress Energy Carolinas.  So some of this change would have happened naturally as we completed the scrubber work at Crystal River 4 and 5, the nuclear upright and the steam generation replacement in CR3. But new capital investments to deliver a balanced portfolio will be concentrated at PEC until we see a more favorable investment climate at PEF. So we will continue to work to reduce our capital expenditures and have some flexibility on timing that could reduce the numbers further in the short term. On Slide 22, we show a summary cash flow picture. And no real big surprises here in terms of sources and uses. We expect the 800 million or so of needs to be addressed through debt at each of the utilities and new equity through the investor plus plan.  So on Slide 23 we show our liquidity and our debt maturities. You know we have a June maturity at PEF, $300 million to address. And we will take care of the rest of the $700 million, 2011 maturity at the holding company that we partially funded last year. On Slide 24, it gives you a breakdown by entity of where we will raise capital, including the planned equity. So we think we have a reasonable executable financing plan for 2010. And we’ll pay attention to market opportunities as we have historically to achieve the optimum cost of capital.  I will say, we’ve been pro active and try to get in front of things and we will continue with that philosophy. As far as our discussing with the rating agencies, we have summarized where they are post rate decision on Slide 25. We have had regular constructive dialog with all of them and intend to give them our latest projection so that they can complete their evaluations over the next six weeks or so.  Our objectives with the agencies are pretty clear. We expect to remain investment rated R entities. And get to a stable outlook. As you have seen we have adjusted our Cap Ex and equity assumptions and hopefully they will recognize our commitment to solid credit ratings and our strong history of balancing shareholder and debt holder interests. So we will keep you apprised of the results of those reviews. So before I turn it over to Bill, I know I covered a lot of material, Bob Drennan and his IT team will be happy to answer some of your more detailed modeling questions. And we will out on the road to continue to tell our story over the next few months. So again, thank you for your interest in our company and Bill, it’s back to you.
William D. Johnson: Thanks, Mark. Before we take your questions, I want to emphasize three key value drivers for Progress Energy that are shown on Slide 26. Our attractive sustainable dividend, our strong future growth prospects as the economy rebounds and as our wholesale contractual growth kicks in, and our fleet modernization strategy of both utilities. Now, we’ll be glad to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Today’s question and answer session will be continued electronically. (Operator’s instructions) We’ll go first to Angie Storozynski with Macquarie Capital.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital: Thank you. I wanted to talk about Florida and your next steps. I see those three strategies. Could we maybe talk a little bit more about the limited rate relief in 2010, what would it entail? And what kind of factors would you consider in your decision to actually file another rate case? Would you, for instance, wait for the outcome of our coming elections in November or it doesn’t matter at all?
Mark F. Mulhern: Thanks for the question, appreciate it. We’re going through, obviously, an evaluation of all of the things you mentioned. But you know the fundamental thing is when we found our information for our rate case, we had a further decline in revenues post those filings. So we have a short ball effectively in the top line that we have to address. And so that will be probably the focus of how we would discuss any limited filing. We are assessing, obviously, the whole political environment there. And we obviously watched how FP&L the outcome of their rate case and the things that were considered in those decisions. So we’re balancing all those factors. And you just have to watch what we do.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital: Okay. Your Cap Ex spending, on your nuclear Cap Ex, anything we should wait for – I mean, I understand that you’re going to slow down your spending. But how can we gauge that? What is it going to be dependant on? Is it the outcome of the next steps in Florida that’s going to determine the spending levels or is there – your balance sheet situation, your credit rating, what is going to trigger or decide the pace of spending?
William D. Johnson: Let me start with that. So a couple of things will determine this. Basically, everything you mentioned. First of all, the appetite in Florida for a large project that has any impact on rates in the near term, there is no appetite for that. And obviously this project has to go later and the spending has to go later. So you got a balance the appetite of the regulator and the customer to pay for improving the future. You have to also look at when you need the plan in terms of load and demand, what your other options are. You have to factor in what the thinking is on climate change legalization and when that’s going to happen. So all the factors at this point, I think we could just say it’ll be later. And we will reduce spending in the earlier years. But until we get to that May 1 filing I don’t think we’ll have a lot more detail than that.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carrie St. Louis with Fidelity.
Carrie St. Louis - Fidelity Investments: Good morning. So, I appreciated, Bill, your discussion this morning about the fact that private capital has to be raised to fund these public policy initiatives that are generally coming out of utilities. And as a bond holder in your company I’m just extremely concerned about the message that Florida is sending. It’s not appropriate. And I have choices where to put my capital. And I appreciate that you guys are trying to be very thoughtful about these decisions that you’re making regarding filing rate cases and Cap Ex cuts. But to me, I think that you also own your current investors some clarity about some changes here in response to this. Because I just really don’t think that they’re sending constructive messages.  So I want to go back to this Cap Ex slide that you guys are referring to. How is it changed? How have the ’10 and forward numbers changed versus where we would have been at this time last year? 
Mark F. Mulhern: If you’ll recall last year we had on the slide some fairly significant potential new nuclear spending. Obviously we left that off the slide this year intentionally. You know those numbers are going to be a lot lower than they were in last year’s filing.  The other thing that I would point to is really the capital in terms of growth, investment in Generation in particular, has been shifted to the Carolinas through the coal to gas repowering strategy. If you think about the growth Cap Ex in Florida, really what’s being done there is finishing what we can’t really back away from. And that is finishing the scrubber work that Crystal River 4 and 5, which is in progress and makes sense to finish. We’ve got a nuclear operated CR3 that is in progress. It makes sense to finish. And actually those couple things has clause recovery around them. So we’re really then sitting there then finishing whatever was in progress in Florida and so that any discretionary growth capital that we would then spend is being concentrated on the coal to gas repowering strategy in Carolina and some smart grid investment in Carolina. That’s how I would characterize it.
Carrie St. Louis - Fidelity Investments: What was the split of, kind of, either EBITDA or cash flow for 2009 between PEC and PEF? Do you have that?
Mark F. Mulhern: I’m looking around in the room. We might have to get you that. Let us get you that.
Carrie St. Louis - Fidelity Investments: Okay. Because if I remember correctly, I think PEC is generally been higher, it’s not materially, but greater than 50%. Is that fairish?
Mark F. Mulhern: Yes, yes. Directionally that is correct.
Carrie St. Louis - Fidelity Investments: Okay. Just so I understand, the discussion about an investment grade rating. Well, you guys are not really – you guys are mid triple B company. And when I hear investment grade, I appreciate that that you’re going to stay investment grade. But to me there should be an absolute commitment to try to retain the current ratings. Obviously Florida aside they’re going to be under pressure for specific reasons. But your hold (inaudible) rating, I’m not real happy to hear that we’re just trying to hold investment grade there. Can you elaborate on that? Is that really the intent or why would you think you’d be unable to hold your current mid triple B ratings there?
Mark F. Mulhern: Okay. I think without getting into what the agencies are actually going to do. I mean, I think you’ve characterized correctly. I think that’s exactly how we view ourselves. I think our simple commentary on Florida has been, we recognize that the risk rating changes and that changes the dynamics. And so my simple comment on our last call was, I couldn’t cut enough Cap Ex to issue enough equity to keep the Florida rating where it is at this point, is the way I kind of simply think about it. But I agree with you, the holding companies should be able to potentially keep it’s rating. So I think we’re striving for that and we’ll be in dialog with the agencies about how they’re going to look at it.
Carrie St. Louis - Fidelity Investments: Well, I think the message and what everyone is kind of searching here for is obviously a sterner response to Florida. I think that whether you want to make it public or not is your decision as a company. But I just hope in these upcoming discussions with the agencies that you can try to make it abundantly clear to them that they are not sending the right public policy messages that all of your investors having choices to where you put your capital. And I think the agencies need to understand clearly whether you’re willing to put it out in public or not of the direction of these capital allocations.
William D. Johnson: Let me just sort of response overall to your comments. You said in the early part about our obligation to our investors. I want you to know that we take extremely seriously. And that we will work tirelessly to make sure that those obligations are met. But I also want you to know we are not a company of people that will take meaningless steps. We’re going to engage in a constructive dialog to explain why it’s important to be able to attract investment, which translate into jobs and tax base and all kinds of good things. So we are going to do exactly as you describe, which is look out for the interest of our investors while maintaining our obligations to serve and being as constructive as we can in the regulatory and policy arenas. 
Carrie St. Louis - Fidelity Investments: Okay. That’s just kind of, where I was hoping that we could go. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning guys, how are you. Listen, I just wanted to – and I’m going to apologize for this, on Slide 17, depreciation, I’m wondering where the difference in depreciation as a result of the rate case in Florida, where that shows up?
Mark F. Mulhern: There’s a D&A, depreciation and amortization box, second from the left, $0.06 negative.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Right.
Mark F. Mulhern: And this is a complex area, Paul. So you may want to call Brian Kinsey (ph) about this because he labored over this. But they changed the depreciation rate on a number of the assets in Florida. You got to go through detail analysis to really get to the real numbers.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. So what you’re saying is it’s complicated. So although there is that benefit in the rate case it’s offset by some other depreciation adjustments? Is that sort of the long and short of it?
Mark F. Mulhern: I’m sorry, we’re just collaborating here. When you see the scrubber projects going into to service there’s some offsets to these things. So higher depreciation related to those issues that will show up once those projects are put in service and start to be depreciated offset some of that. So if you call us we can walk you through the specifics of the depreciation.
William D. Johnson: Frank Kinsey can.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. I know you guys are adjusted your Cap Ex outlook with respect to Florida, right? But with respect to the depreciation, you will have an increase in rate based growth, is that correct? I mean, how should we think about that in Florida because of what happened with the rate case?
Mark F. Mulhern: You’ll see a little higher rate base. Again, when you finish Crystal River 4 and 5 will be finished some time during the year. So you’ll see that as increase to the rate base. Probably a little bit of spending on the up rate a Crystal River 3. So, yes, you should see a little higher rate base in Florida.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So when should we think of the outlook for you guys going back into the regulatory environment in Florida?
Mark F. Mulhern: Well, as Bill talked about in his comments, we’re evaluating what to do in the short term based on where we are, specifically, you’ve heard us talk about potentially going back for a limited review. There may be some options on accounting orders that we’re evaluating. Very similar to what we did last year. I’m trying to look at this holistically and try to put a package on the table that can make some sense for everybody here and help us address some of the short problems that we need to address.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Now the investor plus issuance of equity. How should we think of that being issued, I guess? Could you give us a little bit of flavor as to how that shows up in the market?
Mark F. Mulhern: It’ll be throughout the year. I can’t tell you exactly ratably how we do it. But you know we have some options we can put effectively an offering and then decide on pricing here. It’s very similar to some of those dribble and drip programs you’ve seen from of the other companies.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then with reset to retail sales growth, I mean, would you say this is like the end of the decrease – when you look out past 2010, how should we think about Florida? You’re looking at a larger down year this way on another weather normalized basis it seems. What’s your thought further out and just in general, sort of, how should we think about the growth outlook for you company past this, kind of, lousy couple of years?
Mark F. Mulhern: We have not changed the target of the EPS, growing earnings per share 4%-5%. And we specifically (inaudible) in that change, that after a fair amount of debate internally about it. And I’ll give you the reason why. I mean, I do think that the service territories that we operate in will come back as the economy gets back. I think the Carolinas probably maybe a little faster than Florida because Florida had such a real estate impact there. So the rest of the economy probably needs to improve a little bit for the population migration to occur in Florida that we have historically had. So I don’t think it’s going to snap back quite to the levels, obliviously, that it was. But I think you’ll see a gradual improvement over time. And in general we think we’re better positioned than most to see some growth from that recovery.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Risa Heteki with Decade Capital.
Risa Heteki– Decade Capital: Thank you very much. I guess just talking again about the Florida nuke. Could you talk about that a little bit more? Is this just kind of a delay or is it essentially cancelled or just a give a little more color on that?
Mark F. Mulhern: Sure, it’s not cancelled. You might recall going back a little bit we announced a delay in the original schedule, I think of 20-36 months, something along those lines related to not being able to achieve limited work authorizations from the NRC. Since we’ve made that decision we’ve been looking at the schedule and cost estimate, those kind of things, that go along with the change. And that process will continue until we make the May 1 filing. So we are not announcing anything like a cancellation. Actually all we’re announcing today is we think it’ll be later than we thought it was six months ago. But until we have a little more clarity in that May 1 filing we don’t have a lot more to say. Florida is a high petroleum based system. So there’s a lot of gas and oil in Florida. The need for new nuclear in Florida is quite apparent to everybody that looks at this question. Especially when we get into a carbon reduced world where we are going to be building more nuclear in this country. So I think it is a very good project, certainly a viable long term project. And the question really is, in the short term, in the next couple of years, what’s the trajectory.
Risa Heteki– Decade Capital: Is there some push back now internally or maybe it was regulators and so forth on the nuke because we’re in a new era where it seems like natural gas is – a lot of experts are thinking it’s kind of going to be more stable in the $6 range rather than going up and down the $10-$12 and thus with gas now stable maybe there’s no need for big nuke anymore.
Mark F. Mulhern: No, I don’t think we have any of that push back. The way we think about this is natural gas as a bridge fuel for about a 20 year period, maybe. If you start looking at carbon reduction targets in any meaningful way, after 2025 or 2030, you can’t get there on an all gas platform. And so I think that significant nuclear build in this country needs to be done regardless of what that gas price is. But maybe the need for it is a little later than originally planned. So that’s the way we think about it. Gas is a bridge for a 20 year period. And then you have to have nuclear somewhere before the end of that period to get you to the 2050 targets.
Risa Heteki– Decade Capital: And just lastly, you may have mentioned this, but on Slide 17 where you have the regulatory relief O&M, $0.10 driver. That just refers to a potential up tick from an interim or a full case in Florida, like a partial year impact or what is that again?
Mark F. Mulhern: That is correctly. It would this menu that we talked about, potentially a limited rate release and then potentially some accounting orders if those were relevant. And again, if we’re not successful in that arena we would then go to further O&M reductions.
Risa Heteki– Decade Capital: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator’s instructions) Well go next to Vedula Murti with CDP US.
Vedula Murti - CDP US: Good morning. To follow up on what Risa was asking about when you do your May 1st filing, are you going to be doing a full update on the cost benefit analysis in terms of – with regards to updated new carbon and gas and that type of things in terms of ascertaining the ongoing benefit of pursuing maybe at some point down the line?
Mark F. Mulhern: Yeah. That’s essentially right. Vedula, I’m going to ask Vinny Dolan to expand on that answer.
Vincent M. Dolan: Good morning. Yeah. On May 1 we’ll be filing – every year we started this last year, this was one of the successful outcomes that Bill talked about in October and what will happen again in the fall this year. The commission is going to determine three things, the prudence of our expenditures to date, the cost factors for recovery going forward into 2011 and the ongoing feasibility of the projects. So they will look at all those factors. And this is the way the statutory construction was set up here in Florida. They will do that every year and review with us and all the other interested parties to make that determination. So all of that will be part of the formal proceedings.
Vedula Murti - CDP US: Okay. And maybe it’s a little premature for this, but can you tell us right now how much of expenditures to date are currently be recouped and can you just (inaudible) to how much incremental and investment needs to then be updated and put into rates at this time?
Vincent M. Dolan: Vedula I can give you a rough idea an answer to that question. In broad numbers, and don’t hold me to the specifics because they’re not perfect. But think about, we’ve spent approximately $750 million on the project to date. And we’ve gotten recovery or approval for recovery for about $500 million. So between the deferral that we’ve gotten approved that we’re collecting over five years and the dollars we’ve actually collected, about $500 of that $750 is, again, either being recovered currently or has been recovered. So that leaves you $250 short or so. And that will be part of this upcoming filing that we’re going to make.
Vedula Murti - CDP US: Terrific. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Worms with BMO.
Michael Worms - BMO: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Just, I hate to beat up on the Levy Project, but one further question, should Levy get pushed out again, fairly significantly. What other alternatives are there in Florida? Would there be the ability to perhaps do some more environmental spending on some of the other plants you have? Kind of elaborate a little bit on that.
William D. Johnson: Yeah. You have a couple options. If you need something before Levy comes in, additional combined cycle natural gas is an option. We have two uncontrolled small coal units. And we can certainly consider the option of controlling them and continue to operate them. So we have a lot of generation options in conventional space. And also you all have to figure in the renewable and efficiency pieces in the next decade or so. So there’s a lot of moving parts. But we do have options.
Michael Worms - BMO: Bill, would you need regulatory approval in Florida to go forward on the environmental part (inaudible) related to the coal plants?
William D. Johnson: Yes.
Michael Worms - BMO: Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today’s question and answer session. At this time I would like to turn the call back to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
William D. Johnson: Thanks for being with us today. I’ll close by reminding you that meeting our commitments despite touch challenges is core confidence of this company. I’m confident we’ll manage our way through this period in a way that meets our short term priorities while creating good long term value for investors and our customers. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference. Again, we thank you for your participations.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Steven De May - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer Lynn J. Good - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts:
Operator: Welcome to the Duke Energy Third Quarter Earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Steven De May, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead sir.
Steven De May: Thank you Jamie, and good morning everyone and welcome to Duke Energy’s Third Quarter 2009 Earnings review. Leading our discussion today are Jim Rogers, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Lynn Good, Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer. Jim will begin today’s presentation by providing a general overview of the quarters results. Then, Lynn will provide more detail and context around the quarterly results for each of our businesses including an update on our sales volumes. Jim will close with updates on our key regulatory initiatives and our major capital programs. He will also have an update on Federal Climate Legislation currently being debated in the U.S Senate. Following those prepared remarks we will open the lines for your questions. But before we begin let me take a moment to remind you that some of the things we will discuss today concerns future company performance and include forward-looking statements within the meanings of the Securities laws. Actual results may materially differ from those discussed in these forward looking statements. You should refer to the additional information in Duke Energy’s 2008 Form 10-K filed with the Sec as well as our other SEC filings concerning factors that could cause those results to be different than contemplated in today’s discussion. In addition, today’s discussion includes certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined under SEC Regulation-G. A reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available on our investor relations at www.duke-energy.com. With that business out of the way, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James Rogers: Thank you, Stephen. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest and investment in Duke Energy. Before I begin, let me formally introduce Stephen De May to all of you. Many of you already know Stephen in his role as Senior Vice President and Treasurer. Recently he assumed additional responsibility for Investor Relations. Stephen has been with Duke Energy since 1990 and has had increasing responsibilities in our Treasurer and Finance areas. Most recently he also served as our Chief Risk Officer. Bill Currens, our General Manager of Investor Relations will report to Stephen in his new role. Combining Treasurer and Investor Relations creates a strong focus for serving our debt and equity investors. Turning to slide 3. We announced adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.40 for the third quarter of 2009 versus $0.33 in the third quarter of 2008. Reported results for the third quarter were $0.08 compared to $0.17 for the same period last year. As Lynn will review here in a few moments the reported results were impacted by non-cash impairment charges of approximately $400 million or $0.31, primarily related to goodwill associated with our non-regulated generation operations in the mid-west. Despite continued lower electricity sales during the quarter, our strong focus on cost control measures and operational performance continued to yield positive results. With the third quarter, historically our most significant quarter behind us, we remain slightly ahead of our internal plan. Except for any unforeseen developments, we are on track to achieve our 2009 employee incentive target of $1.20 earnings per share on an adjusted diluted basis. Achievement of the incentive target assumes normal weather, continued success with our cost control efforts, strong operational performance and no deterioration in the economy for the reminder of the year. I'm very pleased to with where we are at this point. We remain on target to reduce our 2009 operation and maintenance expenses by $150 million. I am especially proud of our employee’s continued focus on executing on our business strategy for the long-term, despite the near term challenges posed by the sluggish economy. The recent proposed settlement of our North Carolina rate case, which I will discuss in more detail later, is an excellent example of how we are executing on our strategy in a manner that balance the needs of our customers and our investors. Let me now turn it over to Lynn to discuss in detail the quarterly results for each of our businesses.
Lynn Good: Thank you Jim. Let me begin with Slide 4 and review the results of our largest segment, U.S. Franchised Electric & Gas. For the third quarter 2009, the segment reported adjusted EBIT of $716 million. That’s compared to $726 million in the prior year. The decline in the segment’s results was driven by unfavorable weather, the exploration of a one time rider in North Carolina in 2008 and lower weather-normalized sales volumes across all jurisdictions. These negative drivers were partially offset by lower operation and maintenance cost, increased rates and riders in Indiana, lower depreciation rates in the Carolinas and increased equity Allowance for Funds Used During Construction or AFUDC. When compared to the same quarter last year, weather had a $46 million negative impact on the segment’s results. As we indicated in our last earning’s call we experienced an unusually mild July in both the Carolinas and Midwest. Cincinnati for example experienced its coolest July on record, while Indianapolis experienced it’s second coolest July on record. The weather in both the Carolinas and the Midwest returned to near normal conditions in August and September. The exploration at the end of 2008 of a one time rider related to the sharing of merger savings in North Carolina also had a negative impact on the segment’s results. During the third quarter of last year, $27 million was collected in rates under this rider. As we discussed on our pervious calls this year, the decreased weather adjusted sales volumes are being driven largely by our industrial customers who continue to feel the effects of the downturn in the economy. On a weather-normalized basis lower sales volumes had a negative quarter-on-quarter impact of approximately $22 million on the segment’s results. I’ll talk more about sales volumes in just a moment. These negative drivers are largely offset by $33 million in lower O&M costs, principally due to prior year’s store restoration costs of $48 million, related to wind damage in the Midwest from the remnants of Hurricane Ike. Hurricane Ike is the single largest driver to our year-over-year variance. But as I look at the underlying operation and maintenance expenses for the quarter, our operation team continues to exercise great cost discipline and we are on target to achieve our reductions in O&M for the year. Rate changes in Indiana continues to have an overall positive EBIT impact due to increases of approximately $21 million, primarily related to riders for the environmental capital and IGCC costs. In addition, revised depreciation rates for the Carolinas resulting from updated depreciation studies resulted in a $16 million reduction in depreciation and amortization.  Lastly, there as a result of our capital expenditure program including Cliffside in the Carolina and that’s Edwardsport in Indiana, equity AFUDC for the third quarter 2009 was $43 million, an increase of approximately $8 million. I would now like to provide additional context around our sales volumes and this quarter, I'm going to review industrial volumes first because I believe we are seeing further signs of stabilization. On slide 5, we have highlighted sales volumes for each of our top three industrial classes as well as our total industrial class from 2007 to the present. As you know, weather does not typically have a material impact on the industrial volumes but I should point out that this data is not weather-normalized. You can see the volumes began to drop noticeably in the fourth quarter of last year. However you will also notice that from the second quarter to the third quarter of 2009, volumes increased in each of our major industrial classes, Primary Metal, Textiles and Chemicals, and returned to levels we had not experienced since the fourth quarter of last year. The increase in total industrial volumes from second quarter 2009 to third quarter was approximately 11%. As we looked to the future, it's difficult to determine whether this level of growth is sustainable or should project the timing of a permanent resurgence in demand. But we believe that we may have seen the worst and are seeing clear signs of stabilization. As we did in July we surveyed our largest industrial customers about their production plans for the balance of 2009 and 2010. A few customers see moderate improvement. Others see current production levels being maintained for the remainder of 2009 continuing into ‘10. However the overall mood of our industrial customers seems to be somewhat more optimistic than it was in July. We will continue to have ongoing discussions with our major industrial customers to identify trends for the future. Now we will step back industrial volumes and talk about our overall sales volumes for the quarter. On an overall basis our weather-normalized electric volumes were down approximately 3% or $22 million when compared to the third quarter of 2008. The net margin impact of the volume decline it was just over 1% quarter-over-quarter. The percentage decline in retail sales volume is less than what we've experience in the first half of 2009, primarily due to the improvement in industrial sales that I outlined in the last slide and the continued positive contribution from our residential class. On a weather-normalized basis during the third quarter, our residential sales volumes remained slightly positive increasing approximately 2% while our commercial volumes remained slightly unfavorable. Compared to the prior year third quarter we have continued to experience a moderate increase in our customer base in the Carolinas, however in the Midwest we've experienced a slight decrease. The pace in new customer additions continues to slow as compared to previous periods. As we look to the fourth quarter we expect industrial volumes to be at a level that is consistent with our experience in the third quarter and residential and commercial weather-normalized volumes to be consistent with the fourth quarter of 2008. We will continue to closely analyze monthly and quarterly results of the balance of the year and share our expectations for longer-term retailer growth with you in February at our Annual Analysts Conference. With that I will move on to slide 7 and review Commercial Power's results. Adjusted segment EBIT for Commercial Power for the quarter was $182 million compared to $93 million in the third quarter of 08. Commercial Power’s favorable results were driven by an increased contribution from Midwest gas-fired assets and improved regional margins. During the quarter, our Midwest gas-fired assets contributed $32 million of adjusted EBIT due to higher generation volumes and PJM capacity revenues. The third quarter sales volumes were approximately 250% higher than prior year sales volumes. The absence of $15 million in receivable write-offs recorded in the third quarter of 2008 on power sales to Lehman Brothers also drove the improved contribution from our Midwest gas-fired assets. The improved retail margins were primarily due to increased rates in Ohio of $24 million resulting from the implementation of the Electric Security Plan or ESP at the beginning of this year and the absence of unfavorable timing of the collection of fuel and purchase power costs of $28 million which occurred in the prior year. These positive drivers to retail margins were partially offset by a $14 million decrease in retail volumes and a $13 million negative impact from milder weather. Another positive driver for commercial power was $13 million of gains on non-native coal sales. Now let me take a few minutes to discuss the impairment charge of approximately $400 million primarily related to goodwill and associated with our non-regulated generation operations in the Midwest. I will point out that the charge has been excluded from adjusted diluted EPS for the quarter. First I’ll provide a little background. Goodwill impairment tests required point in time estimates of the fair value of our businesses based on observable market values, internal forecasts and other factors. The tests are performed annually as of the same date each year and our annual assessment date is August 31. As of that date, we had $4.7 billion of goodwill on our books, approximately $900 million of which is related to our non-regulated generation operations in the Midwest. The remaining goodwill is related to our regulated businesses, our wind business and our international business. The principle factors that contributed to the recognition of the goodwill impairment were depressed current and forward power prices and reduced customer load reflecting the impact of the current recession. Further, we considered a range the potential outcomes on the fair value of the business resulting from the impact of future carbon legislation and post electric security plant pricing in Ohio. Since we performed our goodwill assessment in August of 2008, these factors have had a greater impact on our operations reflecting the effect of the current recession on load and commodity prices, progress on climate legislation and developments in the Ohio market. This impairment represented less than 10% of our consolidated goodwill balances and is a non-cash charge. It does not impact our liquidity or compliance with any of our debt or credit facilities. Let me move to slide eight and close the discussion of our commercial businesses with an update on customers switching in Ohio. As we pointed out during our second quarter earnings call, the competitive market in Ohio and low wholesale power prices has resulted in an increase in customer switching. Overall on a gross basis, the percentage of customer volumes that have switched from our electric security plant rate in Ohio rose from 10% at the end of the second quarter to around 30% as of September 30th. Our competitive retail arm, Duke Energy Retail Sales has been very active in the Ohio market, retaining customers inside our service territory and attracting new customers outside of our service territory. As a measure of our success to date, we believe it is appropriate to consider our net switching percentages after consideration of the customers retained by Duke Energy retail sales. Through the end of September, our net switching percentage across all customer classes after consideration of the volume sold by Duke Energy Retail Sales was around 10%. For the third quarter the financial impact of net customer switching was not significant. The competitive market in Ohio was driving down generation margins, but we are successfully competing and retaining customers at a profit. Taking into consideration switching levels through September 30th, we estimate that the negative earnings per share impact of customer switching for 2009 will be modest in the range of $0.02 to $0.03 reflecting the offsetting impact of margins earned by Duke Energy Retail Sales and incremental margins earned in the wholesale market. For commercial power as a whole, we still expect to achieve the 2009 adjusted segment EBIT target of $470 million. As competitive pressures in Ohio have accelerated, we have acted accordingly through Duke Energy Retail Sales to retain our customers and maximize our margins. You can expect that we will continue to actively manage our business in Ohio. Now let me turn to slide 9 and discuss the results of our international business segment. For the third quarter of 2009 Duke Energy International reported adjusted segment EBIT of approximately $100 million, compared to $77 million in last year's third quarter. DEI's favorable results were driven by a $35 million improvement in Peru operations due to lower commodity cost and improved dispatch of generation. In addition improved results in our Central American operations had a $22 million positive impact on DEI's results primarily due to favorable plant dispatch as a result of hydrology. These positive drivers were partially offset by a reduced contribution from our operations in Brazil, a $14 million due primarily to a prior year transmission credit adjustment and a $12 million reduced contribution from National Methanol driven by lower commodity prices. In addition unfavorable average foreign exchange rates had an $8 million negative impact on DEI's results. Next I'll review our other segment on slide 10, which primarily includes costs associated with corporate governance, Duke Energy's captive insurance company and our real estate joint venture Crescent Resources. Other reported a third quarter 2009 adjusted net expense from continuing operations of $57 million, compared to $70 million in the third quarter of 2008. The $13 million decrease in others' net expense was primarily due to absence of a $10 million adjusted equity earnings loss at Crescent incurred in the third quarter of 2008. I'll reemphasize that Duke Energy has no material exposure to Crescent performance guarantees and continues to have a zero book basis in its investment in Crescent. Further Crescent's debt is non-recourse to Duke Energy. I also wanted to touch briefly on a few items that are in the appendix of this presentation. The first is our strong balance sheet and liquidity position. As of September 30th, we have total available liquidity of approximately $2.6 billion. During the quarter we continued to have strong access to the credit markets. This is evidenced by our issuance of fixed rate financing during the third quarter of 2009 of $1.1 billion at a weighted average rate of 4.5%. A portion of these financing represents pre-funding of our anticipated 2010 cash needs. Additionally our strong liquidity will be further bolstered by approximately $400 million from tax incentives that we expect mostly in 2009 under the provisions of the stimulus package. And cash tax benefits of approximately $300 million related to repairs deduction using an IRS approved change in our method of capitalization for tax purposes. As a result of our strong liquidity position, we are evaluating the pre-funding of a 2010 pension contribution of up to approximately $300 million in 2009. This would be an acceleration of contribution we otherwise have planned for 2010. The next item in the appendix that I want to point out is the change in our effective tax rate. We now expect our effective tax rate for 2009 to be approximately 42%. This reflects the effect of the non-cash goodwill impairment, which is not deductible for tax purposes. Excluding the effect of the goodwill impairment charge we expect the effective tax rate to be approximately 35% for 2009. More details on our credit and liquidity as well as other non-operating financial items can be found in the appendix. I'll close by saying that we believe we have managed through the challenges we faced this year. As we have shared with you during the year, we worked aggressively to respond to the current economic conditions. We are on target to achieve the $150 million reduction in our 2009 O&M expenses. Even with signs of potential economic recovery, we expect that the final months of '09 to be challenging. So for the reminder of the year we will continue to do what we have been doing focusing on those things we can control such as our cost, capital spending and operational performance. Those efforts will keep us on track to achieve our employee incentive of the $1.20 per share on an adjusted diluted basis. And with that I'll turn the call back over to Jim.
James Rogers: Thank you, Lynn. Let me now update you on some of the key regulatory legislative and other initiatives we are pursuing. I'll start with the two major rate cases we have pending, one in North Carolina and the other in the South Carolina. The outcomes of these filings are obviously very important to the company's financial health and strength going forward as we seek to add over $3.1 billion of rate base in the Carolinas. Last week, we announced that we had reached a settlement with the public staff in our North Carolina proceeding. I'm pleased to that report since that announcement; two groups representing our large industrial customers have also signed on to the settlement agreement. We filed the settlement with the North Carolina Utilities Commission and just this week concluded hearings on the case and the proposed settlement. We are hopeful that the commission will issue an order by the end of the year. Let me discuss the key points of the settlement agreement. The slide 11 shows the proposed settlement costs for a base rate increase of $315 million or almost 8% primarily phased in over two years. This will be our first increase in base rates since 1991 and results in the inclusion of about $1.7 billion of new plant additions in to our rate base.
 : As you all know, coal inventories are up for the remainder of '09 as the weak economy has reduced plant output. We took several intentional steps to mitigate the impact of the proposed increase on customer's bills in these challenging economic times. First, we agreed to a one-year deferral of the revenues associated with the construction work in progress on our new Cliffside Unit 6 project. Under this settlement, cash recovery of Cliffside CWIP will begin in January 1, 2011. In addition to the one-year delay in collecting Cliffside CWIP, we agreed to accelerate the return of a fuel over-collection and certain insurance dividends. I should note that while these rate-reducing mechanisms do affect cash, they’re earnings neutral to the company. We believe this proposed settlement if approved by the commission represents a constructive outcome that strikes the balance on behalf of our customers and investors. This is especially important in this recessionary environment. The settlement results in rate based growth, an effective cost recovery for us while phasing in the bill impact to our customers. From our customer's perspective, this means an average increase to customer bills of 3.8% in 2010 and an additional 3.2% in 2011. As part of this settlement, we also agreed not to implement another base rate increase prior to January 1, 2012. This settlement positions us well for the future and reflects our focus on improving our earned returns overtime. Because of the strength of our balance sheet, we were able to slightly delay certain cash collections in recognition of the economic environment while at the same time achieving the inclusion of all planned additions requested by the company and updated through September 2009. We expect our earned returns in the Carolina to increase in 2010 by roughly 50 to 100 basis points over 2009. Lets turn to slide 12. In South Carolina, we have requested $128 million increase in base rates. Our filing included a proposal to reduce the requested increase to approximately $100 million. This is due to our plan to refund money collected from customers in excess of cost incurred for past energy efficiency in demand side management programs. We have proposed to return the money through monthly bills over approximately 5 years. Like North Carolina, our request in South Carolina seeks our first base rate increase since 1991.  The following includes a proposed return on the equity of 11.5% and a capital structure reflecting a 53% equity ration. Our South Carolina filing also requests cost recovery under our Save-A-Watt plan of our energy efficiency programs, which were approved by the commission. The office of regulatory staff and interveners are scheduled to file their testimony next Monday. We will file our rebuttal testimony on November 12th. The commission will start its evidentiary hearings on November 30th. January 27th is the statutory deadline for the South Carolina Commission to rule and issue its order. We expect the new rates to be in effect in early 2010. As we did in our North Carolina rate case, we continued to work with the parties involved to explore opportunities for a constructive settlement. As we said before even with our proposed increases both our North Carolina and South Carolina rates will remain well below the national average. We've made good progress on our other regulatory initiatives this year as well as evidenced by the regulatory update we've included in the appendix to this presentation. Let me now turn to slide 13 to give you an update on our two largest capital projects, Cliffside in North Carolina and Edwardsport in Indiana. Let me first say that in light of the EPA's intentional announced just last week to issue new air pollution rules for older coal and oil-fired power plants, our fleet modernization strategy has never looked better. This super critical pulverized coal plant with state-of-the-art pollution control technology at Cliffside and the super clean IGCC unit at Edwardsport are the linchpins of our resource strategy. They will bridge us to a low carbon world and prepare us for more stringent regulations of emissions from our coal plants in the future. The construction of both of these plants gives us the ability to retire older, smaller, and less efficient coal units on our system while continuing to meet our customers growing demand for electricity in a reliable and cost effective for the Cliffside Unit 6 constructions as of September 30th, we've spent approximately $900 million of the estimated $1.8 billion in capital excluding AFUDC.
 : At Edwardsport in Indiana as of September the 30th, we spent approximately $900 million of the estimated $2.2 billion in capital excluding AFUDC. And the project is approximately 40% complete. It is also on the schedule to serve our customers in the summer of 2012. As you may recall we have a CWIP rider in place for the Edwardsport project. The rider is updated every six months to recover the financing cost associated with the plant's construction. Our third CWIP rider filed in May and awaiting commission approval would bring the cumulating plan amount on which we can collect financing cost from retail customers to approximately $500 million or about $50 million in annual revenues. We expect to file a fourth CWIP rider in early November using the September plant balances. In our May CWIP update filing with the IURC we discuss certain cost pressures we are experiencing at the site. These pressures have continued due impart to design and scope changes as the project moves from the engineering phase into the construction phase. In our November CWIP filing with the commission we will provide updated estimates for the projected project cost, taking into account these recent developments. Recall, that the commission is engaged the consultant Black & Veatch which has personnel on site at Edwardsport closely monitoring every step of our progress on this important project. One final note about Edwardsport. You may recall that last summer we’ve filed plans with the Indiana Commission proposing to invest approximately $121 million for a detailed three-year study to explore, to capture and permanent storage of a portion of the CO2 produced at the Edwardsport side. Today we will file our rebuttal testimony for this plant and hearings are scheduled for November 9th and 10th. Before I close let me give you my view on where the Senates Climate Change Bill is headed. The latest version of the bill was released just last or late last week. Our focus continues to be on cost containment. And whether does enough to protect consumers in high coal using states in the industrial mid-west and southeast through its emissions allocation formula. We are also focused on the early days of the carbon market to ensure that it will work smoothly and it will be sufficient offsets to We have concerns with the current form of the Environmental and Public Works Committee bill as it takes too many allowances away from utility consumers. The bill also doesn't do enough to ensure that costs will be contained in the early years of the program. On the other hand, the consideration by the committee is the just the start of the process. Once out of committee, the bill will continue to be changed to secure the necessary 60 votes needed for passage. In this regard, we were pleased to see an op-ed in the New York Times earlier this month coauthored by Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina and Senator John Kerry, Democrat of Massachusetts, their column proposed an approach for creating a bipartisan consensus for a fair and workable climate legislation. The proposals they outlined could serve as a framework for a bill that receives the necessary support of both Democrats and Republicans. Of note, these two senators who have very different political views were united in recognizing that our strong emphasis on developing new nuclear plants must be part of any strategy to decarbonize U.S power generation. I agree with this few and I look to forward to working with these two senators and others to craft final legislation that will protect the environment and our customers. I'd also like to highlight the agreement we signed last week with China based ENN Group to jointly develop large scale and distributed commercial solar power projects in the U.S. This agreement complements our growing wind energy and other renewable energy businesses. We were also pleased to learn this week that the Department of Energy allocated more than $200 million in stimulus funding for our midwest smart grid deployment and our Carolinas transmission project. In closing, the last three quarters had been challenging but we are pleased with our performance year-to-date. We continue to focus on what we can control including, improving our operational performance and managing our cost. In the appendix to this presentation, you will find our updated operation scorecard. We didn’t cover it today but I want to emphasize that we have been able to achieve our cost control objectives while at the same time operating our assets efficiently and safely to deliver reliable electricity and gas to our customers. To summarize, through September 30, '09, one, we are on track to achieve our 2009 employee incentive target of $1.20 of adjusted diluted earnings per share. Two, we have raised $2.75 billion in debt at favorable rates. Three, we currently have a dividend yield of approximately 6%. Four, through September 30, 2009, our total return to shareholders has outperformed the Philadelphia Utility Index on a year-to-date, one-year and three-year annualized basis. Additionally, through yesterday we had year-to-date TSR of 12.5% as compared to 1.5% for the Philadelphia Utility Index. And finally, we continue to have one of the strongest balance sheets in our industry and we are committed to keeping it strong. Let me remind you that we will be at the EEI Financial Conference next week. We look forward to seeing many of you all there. Additionally, we will hold our analysts meeting in February in New York City. Look for the details of that meeting shortly. Now, lets take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question is from Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank. 
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank:  I wanted to ask about Ohio and what you’ve said about competition and specifically you mentioned that you think its going to be a drag of $0.2 to $0.3 in 2009 and imagine the pace of switching and why it didn’t really get under full way until sometime in the year.  So is it reasonable to assume a similar drag into 2010 as you get a full year impact or something less, something more, how should we think about that?
Lynn Good:  You know Jonathan, good question. The $0.2 to $0.3 as you indicated represents the downward pressure for this year and the switching began to pick up about half way through the year. I think that’s a reasonable basis for you to consider as you think about ‘10, but we will give you a fuller perspective on guidance for ‘10 when we come back in February, because the segment in total has many moving parts to it. The gas-assets, capacity revenues, wholesale prices and our wind business over time we're contributing that area as well. So I think those are the factors that you should be thinking about for '10.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank:  Could I just follow up on the switching, are you seeing a moderation in the pace of kind of gross switching currently or is it still going at full tilt? 
Lynn Good:  It's difficult to measure pace Jonathan, because we are talking about something that's occurred over a month or two. I think we'll have a better sense as we have more time passing.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank:  And if I may, just on another topic, if you do pre-fund the pension would you anticipate an earnings benefits in turn and could you maybe give some quantification around that and does any part of the write-down of the commercial power assets, is it all goodwill or is there is some of it PP&E that it would reduce DNA going forward?
Lynn Good:  On the pension modest impact to earnings in '10. We typically make our pension contribution around the first quarter, so it's a slight acceleration Jonathan. And a modest amount of the impairment is PP&E, less than $50 million.
Operator: Your next question is from Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: I was just wondering about the economics between Duke Energy Ohio and Duke Energy Retail Services. Could you tell who holds the customer?
Lynn Good:  The customers always remain a customer of our T&D business so they're customer of Duke Energy Ohio for T&D at minimum. I think it's fair to say that the margins under the electric security plan, Ohio than what we are achieving with Duke Energy retail sales or in the whole sale market. So all things being equal and electric security plan customers are more profitable.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Then kind of how can we figure out on a forward-looking basis without checking with you every so often whether the economics are switching is in Duke's favor or not. Meaning can track on based on gas prices, can we track it based on GDP, I mean is there someway we can track it or figure out how the economics work?
Lynn Good: No, I think the best information we can give you at this point is the $0.02 to $0.03 I talked about a moment ago. That represents what we've seen and are projecting to see over the balance of this year and we'll give you a fuller update in 2010. I think the fair points are we are competing and working actively to preserve margin.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, a quick question on coal stockpiles are going - what kind of flexibility do you have to differ or cancel coal shipments?
Lynn Good: We have been very active in managing our coal position to the extent we have had a basis to cancel contract, we have done so, we have also deferred tons, it's been an area of active focus throughout '09.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Are you experiencing increasing coal stocks relative to what you thought you should be at this time of the year or are you working it off or can you give us some form of color?
Lynn Good: Yeah the coal stocks are higher than they have been historically and as Jim mentioned in his remarks that was something that we discussed and included in our rate case and actually have achieved a writer for the incremental caring cost that will contribute to our earnings as well as we go forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Hey Jim, can you talk a little bit about what's happening at the EPA regarding emissions controls and rules coming out by November '11 for Mercury, and obviously a new version of CARE likely coming or at least being proposed in 2010. And what this means given the commodity price environment both for regulated and even merchant coal?
James Rogers: Michael that's really good question and let me look into crystal ball a little bit with you and kind of project what the EPA is - where they're headed. It is clear that the EPA is going to issue proposed regulations that are more stringent with respect to the emissions of SO2, NOx and Mercury. It also is clear that they're going to propose regulations with respect to ash ponds and probably additional regulations on water discharge from plants. So we see increased scrutiny with respect to coal plants in the United States. One of the reasons that we have moved forward with this modernization strategy, not just because that the carbon issue, but we have seen for a while the possibility of much tougher regulations on coal plants and we needed to be in a position to retire some of our older coal plants. And as we look at our fleet today, these two new plants really facilitate our ability to retire some of these older units most of which are fully depreciated.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Do you think that we're going to see a wave for a flood of retirements of the small to mid-sized coal plants across the country?
James Rogers: I do. I think that over the next five to ten years, you are going to see virtually every plant that hadn’t been retrofitted for SOx or NOx, retired. For a company like ours, as we look out, that’s roughly 4500 megawatts across our system and in fact as we move forward with Cliffside and Edwardsport, it gives us a flexibility to retire up to 1400 megawatts to 1500 megawatts of that amount as we make this transition that I think that will occur over the next decade. So I think this is going to require significant building of additional generation, whether its natural gas or nuclear to be able to maintain reliable service for companies across the country.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just want to follow up on the shopping. It sounds like most of the $0.02 to $0.03 is really going to be occurring in the fourth quarter, am I right about that?
Lynn Good: You'll probably see modest amount from the second and third quarter but it hasn’t been consequential enough to really talk about in either quarter. So there will be an impact in fourth as well. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Now the opt out aggregation, which we've seen so big in Northern Ohio, which you don’t have that much of an institutional history for. How has that been going recently?
Lynn Good: We've had a couple of townships which we’ve had a couple of townships coming to ballot in November. It hasn’t been consequential. Nothing of that magnitude has been experienced in Northern Ohio.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  So this is mostly in industrial commercial customers, correct? 
Lynn Good:  Yes it is.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay and I think you said there was a 30%- could you repeat the growth number? I saw that the net number was 10%? 
Lynn Good: Yes the gross number is 30% at September 30th.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay and what kind of level of discounts should we be thinking about that these guys are getting for the price to compare?
Lynn Good: You know that’s a tough one to answer Paul because its customer specific in certain circumstances. I think the only financial measure I would share with you is the impact overall that is projected to have in our margins which is the $0.02 to $0.03 I referenced formerly. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  Okay and then the coal sales, I saw you guys had a gain on that and it also sounds like your deferring some of the more expensive coal perhaps into the future years, it that correct? 
Lynn Good: The comment on deferrals was within the construct of managing coal inventories in general. So bringing coal inventory levels down, so I think those items are really quite separate. The $13 million that we referenced in Ohio was just part of our active management program where we will chose to liquidate a commodity, sell power et cetera as part of the ongoing management of that business. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  What we're seeing that some companies have reported that they’re deferring the delivery or the burning and therefore the expense of higher cost of coal contracts, are you guys seeing anything like that? 
Lynn Good: No we have deferred some coal and in certain circumstances that will result in a slight increase in costs, but its not consequential at this point and not something that we have commented on specifically.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  And then finally South Carolina, you guys had a settlement in North Carolina. South Carolina has been known to settle in the past. The filing for interview and a testimony extra was delayed until Monday. Is there a possibility you might see settlement in that case?
James Rogers:  We are working very hard to reach a settlement in South Carolina and we've made some progress, but more work to do.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  Do you think we'll get one before Monday or do you think we're going see an interview and a testimony?
James Rogers:  I can't handicap that. I know our guys are working hard and continuously with the various parties in South Carolina, but I suspect we will not have a settlement prior to Monday.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board:  My outsider of question on the North Carolina settlement, I was just curious, are there any parties they're still contesting the case and if so who are they and also have they set a schedule to decide on the settlement proposal?
James Rogers:  Well, we have already had the hearings on the settlement proposal and the Attorney General has not signed on yet and some of the environmental groups of the state.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board:  And what's the Attorney General's position that they're still contesting? Do you know what that is or can you tell us what that is?
James Rogers:  I think their focus has really been on ROE and CAP. It's been their only focus.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Has the commission itself set a timetable to discuss this and decide whether they are going to expect that?
James Rogers: We have already been through the hearing process on all of this and the record is closed and now it's before the commission to act.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay, so basically either choice has been to either accept the settlement or try to work something out based on the position that the AG and environmental groups have versus  what the settlement is, is that essentially what's left to be decided?
James Rogers: We continue to work with the environmental groups as well as the Attorney General as this thing is being reviewed by the commission. But at the end of the day the commission is in a position to rule in a settlement. But I think what's really significant is the public staff supports it, the two major industrial group support it. So you've got the customers on board with this settlement, it's something that they think is fair and so from my standpoint I think that is the critical mass that's needed for the commission to move forward to approve the settlement.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ashar Khan - Incremental Capital.
Ashar Khan - Incremental Capital: I just wanted to get a sense, if I understand the settlement in the Carolinas correctly, it has an earnings increase in 2010, but there is no incremental earnings increase 2011, is that correct?
Lynn Good: The revenue requirements Ashar are the same in 2010 and 2011. I think the slide 11 does a really nice job of laying out the increase in rates, the impact on cash etcetera.
Ashar Khan - Incremental Capital: Right, so there's more impact on cash but there's no earnings impact, that's the way I understand it.
Lynn Good: That's correct. Revenue requirements are the same.
Ashar Khan - Incremental Capital: You had at slide previously I guess in one of your presentations in terms of different cases and all that, from the different jurisdictions. So what is the plan? Is there any regulatory growth in earnings '11 from any rate cases from other jurisdictions, which would be material? I'm just trying to see how earnings keep on growing on that 7% factor?
Lynn Good:
 :
Ashar Khan - Incremental Capital: Okay, but as far as anything scheduled right now, is there anything major rate case decision in 2011 contemplated?
James Rogers: I don't think we contemplate any rate case filings in 2011. But you did say 2011, didn't you?
Ashar Khan - Incremental Capital: I mean impact in '11 that would mean 2010 rate case filings.
James Rogers:
 :
Ashar Khan - Incremental Capital: Okay and if I can just end up, could you just give us some sense of what the generation –under this Ohio plan that you have, does the generation rates  ***Part_ 28*** ***Part_ 29*** Does the generation rates step up next year as well? What is the generation rate right now? Could you give us some sense?
Lynn Good: The generation rate does step up in '10, Ashar, it was 2%, which was in connection with our original ESP filing in 2008.
Ashar Khan - Incremental Capital: So these customers who are switching, are they switching for like a 12-month period or is there a term that they’re switching so that has been taken care of?
Lynn Good: The term varies Ashar. 
Ashar Khan - Incremental Capital: Okay. And they can come back any time they like? Is that how it works?
Lynn Good: It depends on the type of customer, residential and commercial. It depends on whether customers pay capacity charges etcetera. I think that’s something that we could talk you through offline in terms of the specifics of the Ohio market. 
James Rogers: But at the end of the day, we are the provider of last resort. If for whatever reason, the suppliers are unable to deliver, we have to stand and deliver.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research: Just a little bit more color on the expectations in terms of industrial demand. You said that you could see a slight uptick noticeable between second and third quarter. Was there any difference between the different areas you serve or is it difficult to determine?
Lynn Good: No, as we look at performance in the third quarter, industrial was up about 11% and that was in both areas of our service territory, the Carolinas and the Midwest. It's still down year-over-year 12% but we think it’s a good indication of stabilization and as we look forward to the fourth quarter, we are forecasting a level of industrial sales comparable with the third quarter.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research:  And no difference really in reactions? I mean because it seemed that after whole of the earnings we heard that the Midwest seems to be picking up faster, you have not noticed the difference between the two areas you serve? 
Lynn Good: You know it's not significant enough to really identify as a trend at this point. Of course we're watching this monthly.
Operator: You have no more time for questions today. I’ll turn it back to Mr. De May for closing or additional remarks.
Stephen De May:  Thank you Jamie and thank you everyone for joining us today. As usual the Investor Relations team is available to take any follow-up questions. Have a great day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Bill Currens - General Manager, Investor Relations James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Lynn J. Good - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts:  Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs  Brian Chin - Citigroup Paul Fremont - Jeffries Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities Hugh Wynn - Sanford Bernstein 
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Duke Energy Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Bill Currens, General Manager, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Bill Currens: Good morning, and welcome to Duke Energy's second quarter 2009 earnings review. Leading our discussion today are Jim Rogers, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, and Lynn Good, Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer. Jim will begin today's presentation by providing a general overview of the quarter's results. Then Lynn will provide more detail and context around the quarterly results for each of our businesses, including an update on our sales volumes, as well as our credit and liquidity positions. Jim will close with updates on our operational performance, regulatory initiatives, and our wind energy business. Following those prepared remarks we will open the lines for your questions. Before we begin let me take a moment to remind you that some of the things we will discuss today concern future company performance and include forward looking statements within the meanings of the securities laws. Actual results may materially differ from those discussed in these forward looking statements. You should refer to the additional information contained in Duke Energy's 2008 Form 10-K filed with the SEC and our other SEC filings concerning factors that could cause those results to be different than contemplated in today's discussion. In addition, today's discussion includes certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined under SEC Regulation G. A reconciliation of those measures to the most-directly comparable GAAP measures is available on our investor relations [Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 21:26:00 2009  ]section of our[Author ID2: at Tue Aug 4 23:23:00 2009  ] [Author ID2: at Tue Aug 4 23:23:00 2009  ] section of our [Author ID2: at Tue Aug 4 23:23:00 2009 ]website at www.duke-energy.com. With that I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James E. Rogers: Thank you, Bill. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest and investment in Duke Energy. In our news release this morning we announced adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.26 for the second quarter of 2009 versus $0.27 in the second quarter of 2008.  Our results for the quarter were slightly better than street consensus. Finally through the first half of the year we are slightly ahead of our internal plan on an adjusted diluted basis. I am pleased with our results through the first half of '09, especially in these very challenging times. Our operational performance and cost management efforts largely offset the impact of lower industrial sales volumes. All of this is a tribute to our employees and I am very proud of their performance in the first half of this year. The second half of the year looks to be just as challenging as the first half as we anticipate continued softness in our volume sales when compared to last year. Achievement of our employee incentive target of $1.20 EPS on an adjusted diluted basis will required continued focus on what we can control, especially our cost management efforts. Of course, as we look forward, we are assuming normal weather for the remainder of '09, and as you all know so well, the third quarter is normally the largest contributor to our annual sales. As part of her discussion, Lynn will give you an in-depth look at our retail and industrial sales volumes and our thoughts on the economy. She will also comment on the results of a survey of our leading industrial customers. Before I turn it over to Lynn, let me take a moment to thank David Hauser for his 35 years of service to Duke Energy, most recently as our CFO. As you all know, last month David moved on to become CEO of FairPoint Communications here in Charlotte. We thank David for his leadership and integrity and his contribution to Duke Energy's success, and we wish him the best of luck in his new assignment. Also, let me introduce Lynn Good who succeeded David as CFO. Lynn became our Treasurer when the merger closed in 2006. She has led our commercial businesses for the last 18 months. This seamless transition is evidence of the great bench strength we have in our senior management team.  Let me now ask Lynn to provide more details on the quarter.
Lynn J. Good: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin our financial discussion with our largest segment, U.[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 21:34:00 2009 ]S.[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 21:34:00 2009 ] Franchised Electric and Gas. The segment reported second quarter 2009 adjusted segment EBIT of $500 million. This compared to $503 million in the prior year.  The segment's slightly unfavorable results reflected lower weather-normalized sales volumes across all our jurisdictions and lower ops system sales net of sharing. These negative drivers were partially offset by lower operation and maintenance costs.  The decreased sales are being largely driven by our industrial customers who continue to feel the effects of the downturn in the economy. On a weather normalized basis, lower sales volumes had a negative quarter-on-quarter impact of approximately $45 million on the segment's results. I'll talk more about sales volumes in a moment. Lower ops [Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 21:36:00 2009 ]system sales driven by decreased sales volumes and lower market prices had a $13 million negative impact on the segment's result. On the positive side, the segment benefited from $41 million in lower operation and maintenance cost. In addition, revised depreciation rates in the Carolinas resulting from updated depreciation studies largely drove a $14 million reduction and depreciation in amortization.  Before I move onto sales volumes I would like to point out a few drivers that have been mentioned in previous calls, that continue to impact the segment's second-quarter results.  Rate changes in the Midwest continue to have an overall positive impact, primarily due to net increases of approximately $13 million. These increases are largely related to riders for environmental capital and IGCC costs in Indiana. These positive rate impacts were offset by the expiration of a rider in North Carolina at the end of 2008.  I should point out that the North Carolina rate order resulting from the 2007 rate review included an $80 million onetime rider related to the sharing of merger savings. During the second quarter of last year, $21 million was collected in rates under this rider. I would now like to provide additional context around our sales volumes and refer you to slide five. As I stated, our overall weather-normalized electric volumes were down approximately 6% or $45 million when compared to the second quarter last year. This decline was driven by a sizable drop in industrial volumes of about 19% on a weather-normalized basis. However, across all classes of retail customers, the net margin impact of volume declines was about 3% quarter-over-quarter. Overall, industrial sales were represent 24% of our 2009 year-to-date gigawatt hour sales. Similar to the first quarter of 2009, most of our industrial customer classes were down across all our jurisdictions. Likewise, the rate of decline in industrial activity was fairly consistent with the first quarter of this year and although this trend may indicate some stabilization, we do not see any immediate signs in an upturn in industrial activity. We have surveyed some of our largest industrial customers, including each of our significant industry classes; textiles, chemicals, and primary metals. We've surveyed them about their production plans for the balance of 2009. Although some see recovery, the preponderance sees production levels consistent with the first half of 2009. So as we look to the future it's difficult to predict a resurgence, but we believe that it could be 2011 before we see recovery in our industrial usage. On a weather-normalized basis during the second quarter, our residential sales volumes have continued to be slightly positive, increasing approximately 1% while commercial volumes have been fairly flat. We have also seen a moderate increase in our customer base, however the pace in new customer additions has slowed from previous periods. Historically, the impact of economic trends on residential and commercial activity has lagged industrial activity. Residential and commercial sales volumes for the second quarter were positive, but slightly less positive than what we experienced in the first quarter. We will continue to monitor trends in all of our retail customer classes as the year progresses. As we look forward into the second half of this year we expect industrial volumes to stabilize at levels consistent with the first half of this year, and residential and commercial weather-normalized volumes to be consistent with the last half of 2008 when we began to see the impacts of the economic downturn. We will continue to closely[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 21:40:00 2009 ]slowly[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 21:40:00 2009  ] analyze monthly and quarterly results to identify trends that will impact our future results, and of course we will know more at the end of the third quarter, our most significant quarter. Next we thought it would be helpful to show you industrial sales volumes for each of our top three industrial classes, as well as our total industrial class from 2007 to the present. As you know, weather does not typically have a material impact on industrial volumes, but I should point out that this data is not weather-[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 21:41:00 2009 ] [Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 21:41:00 2009  ]normalized. These charts show the downturn we have experienced in industrial sales volumes which began to drop noticeably in the fourth quarter of 2008 and continue to drop early in 2009. From the second quarter 2008 to the second quarter 2009, primary metals[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 21:41:00 2009 ]ily materials[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 21:41:00 2009  ] declined approximately 38%, textiles approximately 24%, and chemicals declined approximately 17%.  However, there are signs of stabilization as industrial sales volumes have remained relatively flat from the first quarter to the second quarter of 2009.  On a positive note there are bright spots. Our economic development teams are active in all of our jurisdictions. A good example of this success is the recent announcement from Apple that it has selected a site in our North Carolina service territory to build a $1 billion data center. We're excited to have Apple as a customer. We are also encouraged by the potential that this will help create a North Carolina technology corridor that will attract other data centers. With that I'll move on and review Commercial Power's results. Adjusted segment EBIT for Commercial Power for the second quarter of 2009 was $115 million, a decrease of approximately $13 million when compared to the second quarter of 2008. Commercial Power's lower results were driven by unfavorable wholesale margins and lower retail volumes partially offset by positive impacts related to the electric security plan in Ohio. Unfavorable wholesale margins had a $19 million negative impact when compared with the same quarter last year. The drop in wholesale margin was primarily due to reduced power prices, decreased volumes, and lower sales and emission allowances during the quarter, partially offset by increased gains on non-native coal sales.  In addition, retail volumes dropped $14 million due to lower industrial volumes, as well as customer switching. Partially offsetting these negative variances were improved retail margins of $8 million, driven by increased rates in Ohio, resulting from the implementation of the electric-security plan at the beginning of this year. The improved retail margins were also driven by the absence of unfavorable timing of the re[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 21:44:00 2009  ]collection of fuel and purchase power costs. Under the ESP in Ohio, a portion of the rate riders such as fuel and purchase power for generation serving our retail customers, now receives regulatory accounting treatment. As a result, the timing of the collection of those riders no longer has an impact on Commercial Power's current results. However, in the second quarter of 2008 the timing of the collection of those riders had a $12 million negative impact on the[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 21:45:00 2009  ] segment results. The segment has also benefited from a positive adjusted EBIT contribution of $6 million from our Midwest gas-fired assets due to higher generation volumes and PJM capacity revenues. During the second quarter of 2009 our sales volumes for the Midwest gas-fired assets increased by approximately 300% over the same time last year. We expect these assets to be EBIT positive on an adjusted basis in 2009. Recently we have seen increased competition in Ohio. The decrease in wholesale power market prices has prompted questions from many of you about customer switching as current market prices are below the standard service offer price in our ESP. Additionally, some of our competitors in Ohio have recently announced intentions to aggressively target customers in Southwestern Ohio.  Historically, our service territory has experienced a lower level of customer switching activity than other areas in Ohio. However, as a result of the competitive pressures I just mentioned, we experienced an uptick in customer switching during the second quarter of 2009.  Overall, the percentage of customers who have switched[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 21:47:00 2009 ] rose from 4% at the end of the first quarter to 10% as of June 30th, and as of that date, the breakout by customer class was approximately 5% residential, 6% commercial, and 20% industrial. The financial impact of customer switching during the second quarter was not significant. As competition throughout the state of Ohio intensifies, we are responding to the increased risk of customer switching. Our competitive retail arm, Duke Energy Retail Services, is positioned to help preserve our Ohio native customer base. We are also competing to supply power outside of our service territory. This is evidenced by our recent participation in the FirstEnergy auction. We were the winning bidder of 5% of the retail generation needs of FirstEnergy's Ohio operating companies. We will supply those needs from June 1st, 2009, through May 31st, 2011 at a final wholesale price of $61.50 per megawatt hour. Now let me turn to our international business segment. For the second quarter of 2009, Duke Energy International reported adjusted segment EBIT of approximately $94 million, compared to $116 million in last year's second quarter. The decline in DEI's results was due to an $18 million reduced contribution from National Methanol, driven by lower commodity prices.  In addition, unfavorable average foreign exchange rates had an $8 million negative impact on DEI's results. This was principally due to the weakening of the Brazilian currency against the US dollar late last year. These negative drivers were partially offset by the positive impact of $9 million, resulting from higher average contract prices in Brazil. Over the last three years our share of National Methanol's results has contributed about 25%-30% of DEI's adjusted EBIT results. However, as we said in our last earnings call, for 2009 we expect National Methanol's contribution to fall to around 20% due to the lower commodity price environment. Next I'll review our other segment which primarily includes costs associated with corporate governance:[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 21:50:00 2009 ].[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 21:50:00 2009  ] Duke Energy's captive insurance company and our real[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 21:50:00 2009 ]tail[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 21:50:00 2009  ] estate joint venture, Crescent Resources. Other reported a second quarter 2009 adjusted net expense from continuing operations of $37 million, compared to $77 million in the second quarter of 2008. The $40 million decrease in other's net expense was due to a variety of items including favorable governance expenses and captive insurance results. The decrease is also driven by the absence of an $8 million adjusted equity earnings loss at Crescent which occurred in the second quarter of 2008. The weak real estate market and the overall economic conditions continue to have a negative impact on Crescent. As you're most likely aware, in June, Crescent filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. This is a very difficult situation for Crescent, but it is important to emphasize that Duke Energy has no material exposure to Crescent's performance guarantees and continues to have a zero book basis in its investment in Crescent. Further, Crescent's debt is non-recourse to Duke Energy. I'll turn briefly to slide 11 and review a few important non-[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 21:52:00 2009 ] [Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 21:52:00 2009  ]operating financial items. Interest expense net of capitalized interest was $186 million in the second quarter of 2009 as compared to $194 million in the same period in 2008. This decrease was due primarily to lower interest rates on floating rate debt and commercial paper, partially offset by higher debt balances. The effective tax rate for the quarter was approximately 38%, compared to 33% for the same period last year. The higher effective tax rate is primarily due to adjustments of certain tax benefits previously recognized and related to our 2008 tax year. For the full year, our effective tax rate is expected to be 34%. As I turn to slide 12 and address credit and liquidity, I want to emphasize that one of my key priorities is to continue to maintain a solid balance sheet and strong liquidity position. Our total available liquidity was approximately $1.5 billion at June 30, 2009, which includes about $1.3 billion available under our $3.1 billion master credit facility. It is important to note that our master credit facility does not expire until June 2012. We also ended the quarter with approximately $150 million of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, excluding approximately $550 million in foreign jurisdictions. We also continue to issue commercial paper at low rates. At June 30th, approximately $600 million of commercial paper was outstanding at an average rate of 0.7% and an average maturity of 16 days. During the first half of 2009 we've had very strong access to the capital markets, evidenced by total-fixed rate financing of $1.65 billion. The weighted average rate for these financings was approximately 6.1%. For the remainder of 2009 we will continue to access the capital markets and will be opportunistic as to when and where we finance.  For example, if we consider the markets to be favorable we may take the opportunity to prefund certain 2010 cash requirements in 2009. Our focus remains on preserving our liquidity and funding our business plan.  During the first half of 2009 we generated approximately $280 million from the dividend reinvestment plan and internal plan equity issuances. For the remainder of the year we expect to generate at least an additional $70 million from these sources. Our current five-year plan limits these equity issuances to approximately $600 million. As you know we enjoy solid investment-grade credit ratings from both S&P and Moody's. Last month, S&P affirmed its A- corporate credit rating on Duke Energy and all its subsidiaries and maintains a positive outlook on this rating. The ratings affirmation reflects our strong liquidity position, stable balance sheet, and ability to finance our business plans. In closing, I'll reiterate Jim's comments that we're pleased with our efforts to date in managing through the challenges presented by the current economy. We are currently in the quarter that has the biggest impact on our results and one in which the results are most frequently influenced by weather. As many of you know, the month of July has been mild in various parts of the country, including the Midwest and the Carolinas, so it is important for us to continue our focus on things[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 21:55:00 2009 ] we can control such as our costs and capital spending. In order to help alleviate the effect lower volumes are expected to have on us in 2009 we are taking the following actions. We are continuing our efforts to reduce O&M costs and we expect to exceed our $100 million target by $50 million for a total reduction of $150 million 2009. As[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 21:55:00 2009 ] we have previously shared with you, we think of our capital in three categories:[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 21:56:00 2009 ];[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 21:56:00 2009  ] committed capital, ongoing capital, and discretionary capital. Our ongoing capital spending which includes expenditures such as maintenance and customer additions has some flexibility as to when it is spent, while our discretionary capital is where we have the largest amount of flexibility. This flexibility allows us to respond to trends in our business by either delaying or not spending the dollars, and as a result we are looking closely at the planned capital spending in the ongoing and discretionary growth capital categories and our targeting of reduction in our capital spending plans of $200-$300 million. With that I'll turn the call back over to Jim.
James E. Rogers: Thank you, Lynn. As I did last quarter, I will quickly run through some of the fundamentals supporting our second quarter results including our operational performance and regulatory initiatives which will set the stage for future growth. As you can see from this slide, our strong focus on cost management, especially of our O&M expenses, is not compromising our operational performance. Our fossil generation fleet continue to perform at a high level in most of our key metrics. Our nuclear fleet set records for the most generation and the highest capacity factors for the first six months of 2009.  As I said when we started this call, we appreciate our employees' strong focus on operational excellence during these challenging times. Continuing these efforts will be important as we look forward to the remainder of 2009. Finally,[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:01:00 2009 ] we continue to make progress on our two major construction projects, Cliffside and Edwardsport. They are both scheduled to be in service by 2012. As we have in the past, we will update you as construction continues this year and in 2010 and '11. We continue to make significant progress on our key regulatory initiatives. These accomplishments are listed on this slide. It also shows how our regulatory calendar shapes up for the rest of the year. I'm not going to go through all of these, but I'd like to highlight a few items. In Ohio last month, the commission approved an increase in our electric distribution rates. The increase totals approximately $[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:02:00 2009 ]55 million and the new rates went into effect on July 13th. This action is an addition to the finalization of our Ohio electric-[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:04:00 2009 ] [Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:04:00 2009  ]security plan late last year. We're pleased with our progress in North Carolina. In May, the commission issued a modified order that lets us move ahead with our rooftop solar distribution generation program. The commission also approved our pilot test of a virtual power plant in the smart grid here in Charlotte.  We also reached a modified settlement with the public staff and environmental groups for our save-a-watt energy efficiency program. These actions illustrate that the North Carolina commission shares our focus of exploring innovative ways to serve the state's electric customers.  In Indiana we are awaiting our final commission order on our smart grid initiative after reaching a settlement agreement with the public staff. Additionally,[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:05:00 2009 ] we reached a settlement agreement on our save-a-watt initiative and we are also awaiting a final order. Last month we asked the Indiana commission for approval to study the permanent storage of carbon dioxide near Edwardsport where we are building our IGCC plant. We are proposing to invest approximately $121 million for a detailed characterization of storage sites, including the drilling of multiple wells. In January we applied for a Department of Energy Clean Coal Power Initiative Grant which could potentially offset up to 50% of the costs of the initial installation of carbon capture and storage or CCS technology for the site. Any funds received would be used to reduce customer-rate impacts of the project. If the study is successful we will ask the commission to approve permanent storage of CO2 at the site. These plans are conditioned on the project being designated a CCS demonstration[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:06:00 2009 ]e[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:06:00 2009  ] site by the DOE.  Let me now turn to our rate-case filings in the Carolinas. In early June in North Carolina we filed our request for a $496 million or 12.6% average increase in customer base rates. Although we adjust for fuel costs on an annual basis, our last general base rate increase in North Carolina was in 1991. In fact, these rates were actually lowered in '08 by approximately 4%. In late July in South Carolina we filed our request for $104 million, an average 7.2% increase in customer rates. Our South Carolina filing also requests recovery under our save-a-watt plan of the calls to our energy-efficiency programs. These programs were recently approved by the commission. The primary driver of these base rate increases includes capital investments in one, construction work in progress equipped for Cliffside unit six; two, transmission and distribution additions; three, environmental spending including for the Allen scrubber and the Marshall SCR (p[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:11:00 2009  ]h)[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:10:00 2009  ] and finally, other generation related capital additions. These components, and it's important for me to emphasize this, comprise over one half of the revenue requirement requested. As you can see on the slide, the ROE, capital structure, and test year, are the same for both filings. The primary differences between the two requests[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:12:00 2009 ] are in North Carolina we had about $287 million rate reduction in '08 as I mentioned earlier. In South Carolina we plan to refund money collected from customers in excess of costs incurred for past energy efficiency and demand-side management programs. The money would be returned through monthly bills over approximately five years. A procedural schedule and public hearing is[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:12:00 2009  ] set for September and an evidentiary hearing in October has been established for the North Carolina case. Given its recent filings date, the procedural schedule from the South Carolina case has not yet been set. We anticipate the new rates to take effect in both states in early '10. Even with these increases, our retail rates in North and South Carolina will remain significantly below the average retail rates in the S[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:13:00 2009 ]s[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:13:00 2009  ]outheast and the nation. Let me now turn to our growing wind energy business. This slide lists our 2009 accomplishments, and I'd like to highlight a couple. In June we closed on our acquisition of a 70 megawatt North Allegheny project in Western Pennsylvania. This is our first wind project in the Eastern US and it is expected to begin operation in the third quarter. We also announced a new project for Eastern Colorado, our first in that state and our fourth in the region. The 51 megawatt Kit Carson project will be developed under a long-term lease near Burlington, Colorado. We expect the project to be in commercial operation by the end of 2010. Both projects are contracted under long-term purchase power agreements. We believe we are well positioned to bring approximately 250 megawatts of wind energy online annually. By the end of this year we expect to have more than 700 megawatts in operation which we expect will make us one of the 10 largest wind operators in the US. Let me also give you an update on the Midwest nuclear project we announced in mid-[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:14:00 2009 ] [Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:14:00 2009  ]June. Duke Energy, AREVA, UniStar, USEC, and the Southern Ohio Diversification Initiative, announced the formation of a Southern Ohio C[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:15:00 2009 ]c[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:15:00 2009  ]lean E[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:15:00 2009 ]e[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:15:00 2009  ]nergy P[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:15:00 2009 ]p[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:15:00 2009  ]ark A[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:15:00 2009 ]a[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:15:00 2009  ]lliance. The alliance has requested funding from the DOE to complete the site selection process, develop an early site permit application, and prepare licensing documents. These actions would be for a potential nuclear plant at DOE's Portsmouth site in Piketon, Ohio, a former nuclear weapons complex.  This project could serve as a model for future public-private partnerships in investment. It also has significant potential to be a regional partnership. It is important to clarify that we have not made any commitments, but this project is another way to develop the nuclear power option as we work to decarbonize our generation fleet, especially in the Midwest. Before we take your questions, let me also give you a brief update on federal climate legislation. The Waxman-Markey Bill passed by the full House in June,[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:18:00 2009  ] includes provisions we worked hard for that help reduce consumer cost and encourage the development and deployment of new energy technologies. Importantly, the bill provides for the significant allocation of emission allowances to our customers through 2025. The allowances then begin ramping down through 2030. This bill was a tribute to the leadership of Chairman Waxman and Chairman Markey, as well to many congressmen from states heavily dependent on coal, including Congressman Boucher of Virginia, Hill of Indiana, and Space of Ohio. We expect the Senate to take up the bill right after Labor Day, with the committee finishing their markups in the fourth quarter. We will continue to work very hard to ensure a fair allocation of allowances as provided to customers in regions in the country that rely more heavily on coal.  Due to the makeup of the Senate, we believe there will be additional changes to the cost containment provisions of the House bill. One fact will give you a sense of why we expect more focus on the cost-containment aspects of a Senate bill. In the House, 25% of the vote for the Waxman-Markey Bill came from two states, California and New York. In the Senate, those two states only represent 4% of the vote. Another key fact is that consumers in 25 states are depending on coal for more than 50% of their electricity. It is obvious to us that this bill faces many tough tests in the months ahead, but we remain committed to its passage. In closing, as Lynn said earlier, to meet the challenges of the downturn in the economy, we must remain focused on what we can control, improve our operational performance, manage our calls, allocate our capital in a timely fashion, maintain our strong credit and liquidity, and focus on our regulatory strategies and initiatives. In the near term the economy, weather, and our ability to control costs, drive our results. Longer term, our results will be driven by providing affordable and reliable service to our customers, accessing reasonably priced capital, developing opportunity to reinvest in both our commercial and regulated businesses, and successfully executing on our existing as well as future regulatory initiatives. Overall, despite the challenging economic environment our customers and we are facing, I am pleased with where we are halfway through the year. Now let's take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator's Instructions) We'll hear first from Paul Ridzon with Keybanc.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Could you elaborate a little bit more about shopping in Ohio and can you just review the numbers of what you've lost? And then if there's any flavor as to who it is that's coming in and winning this load, just (inaudible) that profile do their own generation or are they more marketers?
Lynn J. Good: Good morning, Paul, this is Lynn[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:22:00 2009 ]. Thanks for your question. The switching that we had experienced as of the end of the second quarter was about 5% residential, 6% for commercial load, and industrial at about 20%. In terms of who is participating, I think FirstEnergy is participating. We've seen FPL’[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:23:00 2009 ]s retail arm participating also, and I think the composition of whether they're supplying it with assets or in the markets[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:23:00 2009  ] is really beyond what we can comment on.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, so 20% of your industrials have switched, 5% of your residential, 6% commercial — is that —
Lynn J. Good: Yes.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  Good morning. I wanted to sort of follow [Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:26:00 2009 ]up on Paul's question of the shopping. You guys mentioned that you guys are actively monitoring the aggregation activity and I'm just wondering how many communities are you seeing or how much load is getting involved in that with respect to balloting issues and what have you. Do we have a sense for that? And in terms of your incentive goal, what kind of shopping activity do you guys have in your expectations?
Lynn J. Good: On the residential aggregation response--[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:26:00 2009 ] [Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:26:00 2009  ]on that we have visibility to one community that has placed aggregation on the ballot in August for November and it becomes visible here in the month of August and we'll be monitoring whether others place it on the ballot and we'll know more by the end of this month. I'm not going to comment specifically on the switching percentages in the back half. I think the way to think about it is we will be targeting through our Duke Energy retail services arm for retention of as many of those customers as we can possibly, and I think the other thing to note is we did participate in the FirstEnergy auction which will impact the second half results.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. When we're talking about the customers that have left, how much has Duke gotten of those? Just looking at slide eight and the numbers you just went over with Paul, how much of that, just roughly speaking — you talk about 10% of retail load has switched, how much has switched to you, I guess, if you follow me?
Lynn J. Good: It's a good question, Paul. We're not going to comment on how much has switched to us.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then in terms of looking at other areas, I mean if there is loads[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:28:00 2009  ] that get freed up in this manner, what areas might you guys look into getting — in other words, other regions, could you give us a little bit of a flavor as to where you see opportunity in that business?
Lynn J. Good: At this point we are focused on Ohio and have not expanded our aspirations beyond Ohio.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Greg Gordon with Morgan Stanley.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley:  Thank you, good morning. So just to your disclosures on your year-to-date and expected sales, I thought they were pretty clear, but just to reiterate, looking at the slides on pages five and six you're basically telling us to expect year-over-year declines in industrial in Q3 and Q4, but then on a weather-normalized basis you expect stable residential sales [Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:29:00 2009  ]. Is that a good synopsis of what you said?
Lynn J. Good: Greg, we're expecting at this point that industrial will be flat to the first half, and we're looking back actually to the last half of '08 as a reasonable proxy of what we expect on residential and commercial.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So flat for the first half means down relative to the comparable quarters in the prior year?
James E. Rogers: That's correct.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: I just wanted to be sure I understood that. And that comment on residential, does that factor in how weak July has been or should we weather adjust off of that sort of flat base for July?
Lynn J. Good: What we have talked about were weather-normalized volumes, not adjusted for weather.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Okay. That's clear, thanks. On international, you said that National Methanol had historically been 25%-30% of EBIT. You're now saying that you'd expect it to be 20% of '09 EBIT so basically it's a smaller percentage of a lower base, correct?
Lynn J. Good: That's correct.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. [Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:30:00 2009 ]The lower D&A that you talked about on helping to drive Franchise Electric, refresh my memory, is that related to the roll off of the scrubber amortization or one of the other large amortizations that unwound last year?
Lynn J. Good: No. Greg, we update depreciation studies typically as others in the industry will do periodically. Our pace is every three to five years and we updated the study effective the first of '09 and so you're seeing that lesser depreciation as a result of that study.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So that impacted first quarter '09 and second quarter '09 and is this a reasonable run rate, sort of $14 million a quarter?
Lynn J. Good: I think that's reasonable. We're expecting 50 for all of '09. 
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And is that lower depreciation rate factored into the rate filings in the Carolinas?
Lynn J. Good: Yes. It is.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Okay. My last question was another tack on the questions that have already been asked.[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:31:00 2009 ]  [Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:31:00 2009  ]If you were to annualize the impact of switching in Ohio, I know you said that there was a de minimi[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:32:00 2009 ]u[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:32:00 2009  ]s impact in the quarter, but if you were to annualize that impact and assume that you weren't able to win other customers to offset it, could you give us a sense of what the sort of annual EBIT impact would be?
Lynn J. Good: I think the maximum based on what we've seen, Greg, would be in the $0.02-$0.03 range on an annual basis without any mitigation from wins by our retail arm or offsetting impact of our participation in the auction.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. Just real quick, can you refresh or go over again, the commentary about capital spending, and is it just an '09 CapEx that you're looking at or are you looking at beyond that and what parts of the business are you focused on?
Lynn J. Good: Sure. You know, Michael, we are looking at '09 at this point and have been focused on what we call ongoing capital maintenance, customer additions, as well as some discretionary spending. We're targeting a reduction of 200-300 in '09 and really are looking at it in the context of preserving resources as we see some challenges on our volumes and usage. In terms of expectations as we go forward, we'll be looking at capital spending in connection with our annual planning[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:35:00 2009 ] process and share more with you as we set expectations for '10 and beyond.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it, okay. One question and I hate to do this and I don't mean to beat a dead horse here — on Ohio, I just want to think about pricing for a second, less volume. The FirstEnergy option price, low 60s per megawatt hour, if I remember correctly your ESP price is also in the low 60s per megawatt hour. Can you walk us through kind of the economic differences between what's included in the low 60s in each of those two jurisdictions, meaning how much of that is just generation versus how much of that is generation T&[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:41:00 2009 ]TAN[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:41:00 2009  ]D (ph)[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:41:00 2009  ].
Lynn J. Good: I believe those are just generation. The $[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:38:00 2009 ]61.50 would certainly be just generation price in the FE auction. And, Michael, our standard service offer price in our ESP is above $[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:38:00 2009 ]61.50. 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it, okay. Sounds good — we'll follow up offline.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brian Chin with Citi.
Brian Chin - Citigroup:  Hi, good morning. Any impact from FirstEnergy's move into PJM to you guys in Ohio?
Lynn J. Good: We're evaluating that at this point, Brian. A very recent announcement, as you know, I think FirstEnergy has highlighted a number of reasons why they think it fits better with their business. We do have assets in both MISO and PJM and routinely analyze the impact of the RTO selection on our business, but at this point don't have any further comments to make.
Brian Chin - Citigroup: Okay. And then back to the industrial volume topic, when you guys say that you expect to see industrial recovery in '11, is that a recovery to levels akin to what we saw in 2007 so that in '10 you're expecting to see a gradual ramp up back to then after flat stabilization in the second half of this year, or can you just help me define what you mean by recovery in '11?
Lynn J. Good: Brian, I don't think we've gotten that specific in our analysis at this point. At what point we'll return to '07 or '06 — I think we'll learn more each quarter and how quickly the rebound occurs. We still expect '10 to be a bit sluggish.
Brian Chin - Citigroup: And then lastly on this industrial question, are you getting that forecast or developing that view based on specific commentary that you're getting from your wholesale customer base or industrial customer base, and what anecdotes are they giving you, or is that solely a topdown macro forecast on your part?
Lynn J. Good: We're actually interviewing customers, Brian, in all of our jurisdictions, talking with them about reduction plans in '09 and into '10. And as I shared, the preponderates[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:45:00 2009 ] are expecting flat usage in the back half. There are some bright spots. I'm seeing some recovery, and I think we'll just know more as we proceed through the rest of '09.
Brian Chin - Citigroup: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Fremont with Jeffries.
Paul Fremont - Jeffries: Thank you. Two questions, first of all, I think for other you had originally been guiding to -250 for the year and through the first half you're only at -87. Does that mean that you're going to come in for the year materially better than your guidance in other? And then the other question is with respect to the New Source Review lawsuit, the North Carolina court, I guess is expected to issue a decision at some point after the case was demanded back to them. Can you give us a sense of what you think the timing of that might be?
Lynn J. Good: Let me comment on other just for a moment. We are running ahead due to lower governance costs and our cost management efforts, but haven't put a specific number on how much we would expect to under run. But governance and shared service costs are certainly something we're very focused on controlling in '09.
James E. Rogers: And, Paul, with respect to the New Source Review case in the Carolinas, it's not clear to us when the court will rule.
Paul Fremont - Jeffries: So I mean in terms of other at least, is there anything you can tell us about sort of the back half of the year?
Lynn J. Good: Not at this point. Paul, I think I would really focus on the $150 million of targeted O&M reductions across the business that I spoke about. I think that would be the best way to think about it.
Paul Fremont - Jeffries: And how much of that so far has shown up in other?
Lynn J. Good: I'm not going to comment on how much. It's kind of across the business in other, in FE&G, in commercial, international — I don't have a specific number for other.
Paul Fremont - Jeffries: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Nathan Judge with Atlantic Equities.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Good morning. Wanted to ask on the Carolina rate case, and I apologize if you've addressed this already, but it appears that demand continues to be more sluggish than what you expected at the beginning of the year and perhaps when you filed your rate case in North Carolina. Do you plan to go back and update your demand forecast and potentially what could that be relative to what you expected?
James E. Rogers: I think in the course of the — two ways to think about this, Nathan. One is we'll probably work hard to negotiate a settlement in the case and I think that's going to be our top priority. We work hard in every jurisdiction on every regulatory filing to resolve it to negotiation. Secondly, we'll have an opportunity to update the demand in the course of the proceeding if we find ourselves on our way into a hearing with respect to this case.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: And I suppose that type of settlement date would be around after the public hearing in September, is that a way to think about it or is it later in the year?
James E. Rogers: I think it's after the public hearings.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Okay, Jim, on a broader higher level just with regard to the environmental legislation facing the Senate, what do you think needs to change in the current proposed bills in order for it to pass the Senate?
James E. Rogers: I think there's several things. I think that the first, as I mentioned in my comments, I think there's going to be more emphasis on cost containment. I believe that the ramp down of allowances from 2025 to 2030 — there will be a major push to extend that to 2040 to phase it out over a much longer period of time. I also believe that there'll be pressure with respect to the target in 2020. As you know, President Obama called for 14% below 2005, and the current legislation is 17% below 2005, so I think you'll see pressure on that in the Senate.  And finally, I believe for legislation to pass in the Senate it needs to be more bipartisan than it was in the House. And what I mean by that is, is[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:50:00 2009 ] there's 15-17 senators that I would characterize as moderate Democrats whose states are significantly affected because of their dependency on coal in the current carbon footprint. And so, those senators are going to be very engaged which in my judgment, to get a bill in the Senate is going to require picking up anywhere between 7-10 Republicans, and to do that, that's going to require additional provisions with respect to the build out of nuclear in the United States. Such things  [Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:51:00 2009  ]as shortening the approval process time so we can bring these units[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:51:00 2009 ] adjutancy[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:51:00 2009  ] online, addressing waste [Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:51:00 2009 ]confidence related issues — I mean there are a variety of issues that need to be addressed to bring Republicans on. And my last point is that virtually every major piece of environmental legislation that's ever been passed in the United States has been overwhelmingly bipartisan. So again, to get legislation that works for all of America, I believe that the Senate will have to build a solid base around the 15-17 moderate Democrats as well as 7-10 Republicans whose emphasis will primarily be on nuclear.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Thank you. And my final broad question, could you just update us on your view on mergers and acquisition? Is this the right time? Are you interested in that, and give us some of the recent developments — has that changed your view at all?
James E. Rogers: I think that we're in a period where the PE band has always been narrow in our industry and it seems to be narrower today than historically so that from a math standpoint makes it more complicated. And I think everybody in the industry seems really, as I would say, internally focused, in terms of battening down the hatches, weathering the recession that we have, focused on legislation in Washington. So based on things that I hear, it seems to be a lot more internal focus now than ever before, and because of the narrow PE band, there seems to be less kind of underlying fundamental economics to drive any kind of consolidation. But I do believe, Nathan, in the long term, given the fact that our sector is going to fundamentally have to retire and replace very power plant between now and 2050, we're going to have huge capital expenditures with respect to Smart Grid, decarbonization, and meeting renewable portfolio standards, all of which translate into greater capital expenditure and higher prices.[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:53:00 2009 ]  [Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:54:00 2009  ]There is going to be a point where consolidation becomes the right answer, it just doesn't seem to be today.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our final question comes from Hugh Wynn with Sanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynn - Sanford Bernstein:  Hi, I had a question regarding the Carolinas rate cases. The slide 15 points out the test period is the year ending December 31, 2008, but that the rate increase probably would not go into effect until a full year later in early 2010. My question is, to what extent will the rate case take into account capital expenditures in 2009 and 2010 and cost increases over that period in setting your rate? Or is this purely a backward looking rate setting where your rates probably would result in an 11.5% ROE based off of 2008 costs, but may result in a lower ROE based on 2010 rate-based costs?
Lynn J. Good: Hugh, that's a good question. We do have an opportunity to update the rate-based additions through September 30th of '09, so we will be making those adjustments as we move through the case.
Hugh Wynn - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. How do you all feel about the reception of these proposed residential rate increases of 13.5% North Carolina, and 10% in South Carolina?
James E. Rogers: Well I think they're a little more than that, but I will say that no one likes rate increases and no one likes them during an economic period that we're currently experiencing. But I think the important point is that we've made significant investments in generation and environmental controls, and we're in a place where getting recovery of those investments is critical in terms of going forward and we're working hard with community outreach to the various stakeholders in the states and we're working hard to control our costs.  One of the things we did this year is there was no increase in compensation for our people other than those that were in unions and so as a consequence of that we've really worked hard to control our costs and to reach out to the various stakeholders. But at the end of the day we've made, and this is an important point that we make to all government officials, we've made significant investment on behalf of consumers in this state to maintain the reliability of the system and to clean up the environment.  So my belief is that at the end of the day we'll succeed with respect to our proposals.
Hugh Wynn - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks, Jim. Just real quick, could I get your view on the probability of CO2 regulation passing the Senate in this Congress, and if it fails what you think would be the probability of it passing subsequently?
James E. Rogers: We have pushed hard for passage this year. I think with the way the (laughs) — I don't know how to say this exactly, but the way healthcare is going, I think that the probability of passage in the Senate is much lower than we anticipated several months ago. In all likelihood, the Senate is set — September 28th is the date to get markup done. I suspect that gets pushed depending on how health care plays out. So my bet is that nothing happens until the first quarter of next year, maybe the second quarter. But if nothing happens by then, we're into the election cycle and the probability of passage of legislation then is very low.  So again, I think the goal line is to try to get legislation passed during this period of time. We've long believed that the passage of legislation during these tough economic times is the right time because Congress will be focused on the economics of the issues and that is very important from our consumers' perspective.  So we continue to push, but I would remind you that it's hard to think back over congressional history where in any session of Congress, two major pieces of legislation were passed. So to the extent healthcare gets passed, the probability of climate passing falls. So again, more work to do as things unfold.
Hugh Wynn - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks, Jim. I appreciate it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that is all the time we have for questions today. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Bill Currens for closing remarks.
Bill Currens: Thank you. Before we end today, let me point out that with both rate cases in the Carolinas likely to be decided later this year, rather than have an analyst meeting in November, we will have one in February in New York City. This meeting will be after we have announced our 2009 fourth quarter and year-[Author ID1: at Tue Aug 4 22:58:00 2009 ]end financial results. Look for the meeting details in the coming months. We also plan to be at the EEI Financial Conference this November.  Thank you for joining us today, and as always, our investor relations team is available to answer any followup questions that you may have. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We'd like to thank you all for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bill Johnson - Chairman and CEO Mark Mulhern - CFO Bob Drennan - VP, Investor Relations
Analysts: Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch Travis Miller - Morningstar 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Progress Energy's 2009 first quarter earnings conference call. This call is being recorded. All of your phone lines will be in a listen-only mode, until we begin the question-and-answer session. For opening remarks and introductions, I will now turn the conference over to Bob Drennan of Progress Energy. Please go ahead.
Bob Drennan: Thank you, Jake. Good morning and welcome to everyone. Joining me this morning are, Bill Johnson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mulhern, Chief Financial Officer and other members of our management team. This call will be archived on our website for the next two weeks. We're currently being webcast from Investor Relations page at Progress-Energy.com. We'll also be offering an audio replay of this call in the MP3 format which also will be available from our website. I would like to direct your attention to our website where we've included a set of slides which accompany our speaker's prepared remarks this morning. Those slides can be found at www.progress-energy.com/webcast. Today, we'll be making forward-looking statements during this call, as well as, reviewing historical information. There are numerous factors that may cause future actual results to differ materially from those statements and we outlined these in our earnings release, Form 10-K, 10-Q and other SEC filings, as well as, our risk factor discussion will also found in our 10-K and 10-Q. This morning, following opening comments from Bill and Mark, we'll then open the phone lines to address your questions. Now, I'll turn the call over to Bill Johnson.
Bill Johnson: Thanks Bob and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on our first quarter call. We certainly appreciate your interest in Progress Energy. I know that this is a busy day and a busy time for you with numerous calls going on. So, we'll get right down to business here. If I can turn your attention to slide four, it gives you an overview of the topics I intend to cover. I'll start with an overview of the results for the quarter and then talk about a few of our key issues, including our Levy nuclear project, our Florida rate proceedings and what's happening on the federal energy policy front. Then Mark, our CFO, will provide more detail on the numbers. We're off to a strong start this year. I'm really pleased that despite the weak economy and the other challenges we face, we once again demonstrated both solid financial results and strong discipline in executing our plan. And frankly, that's what you should continue to expect from us. So, let's take a look at the first quarter results on slide five, you can see the highlights of our first quarter ongoing earnings. We posted $0.66 a share, which is up $0.10 over the first quarter a year ago. Of course, we have continued to see retail weakness in Florida and also lower industrial demand which is more of an earnings driver in the Carolinas. We've had strong residential sales in the Carolinas and favorable contributions from our wholesale contracts. In Florida, our average number of customers served in the first quarter decreased by 8,000 compared with the same period a year earlier. But, we do see some signs of improvement or at least of stabilization. We actually had a net increase of 1,600 customers in the first quarter, as compared with year-end 2008. So, that's an encouraging sign. In the Carolinas, we had a net increase of 18,000 customers in the first quarter, compared with a year ago. So, given these results, and given the discipline we've shown in executing our plans and managing our business, we're affirming our 2009 ongoing earnings guidance range of $2.95 to $3.15 per share. Our net income is actually expected to grow by almost 10% this year, but, some of this obviously, will be offset by the dilution from the January equity issues. Now, to stay on track to achieve these results, we remain focused every day on capital and O&M discipline. We remain focused on the nuts and bolts of our business, including executing our plant outing schedule and the construction programs at both of our utilities. We think of execution as the art of getting things done and execution is critical in this business and especially in times like this. We're also in a good situation in terms of liquidity and financing. We successfully raised about $1.9 billion in the capital markets earlier this year and that should be the end of any significant financing for 2009. In a moment, Mark will provide more details on our first quarter results. But before that, I wanted to turn to the announcement we made last Friday, concerning our Levy nuclear project. As most of, you know, we've been proceeding in a very deliberate and disciplined way down a path to build two new reactors, about 2200-megawatts on a Greenfield site in Levy County, Florida. This remains the top priority for us. If you turn to slide six, you'll see that description of two parts of an announcement we made last Friday. One, a construction schedule shift due to the licensing timeline and two, our annual nuclear cost recovery filing with the Florida Public Service Commission. Now, this schedule shift of at least 20-months is a result of our analysis of the NRC's determination, that the excavation and foundation preparation will not be authorized before receiving the Combined Operating License. We expect the NRC to issue this license in late 2011 or early 2012. Although, this means that the plant will be scheduled for completion later, shifting this portion of the work until we have the license in-hand has a silver line. It reduces the financial risk to our customers and shareholders in the near-term, and it allows for greater clarity on federal climate policy and greater stability in the financial markets. This nuclear project remains our best baseload generation option in Florida. So, we're moving forward with it, but at a slower pace than envisioned, when we planned on commercial operation of the units in the 2016-2018 timeframe. As I said, we see a minimum 20-month adjustment in these dates. We're in the very early stages of working with our vendors on this, so we'll have more clarity on the revised schedule later this year. As for any impact on the cost, we'll address that in the amendment to the engineering procurement and construction agreement, also later this year. In our PCS filing last Friday, we included our nuclear cost recovery for estimates for 2010. We also included our proposal to spread certain costs over five years, which would lessen the annual cost impact on customers. Our proposal would decrease the 2010 nuclear cost for the customer to nearly half of the amount we're eligible to recover next year under the Florida statutes. The nuclear cost recovery hearing will be in September. We expect the PSC decision by mid-October. Mark will give a little more information on the financial impact in this Levy schedule shift in a minute. Now, some of you might be wondering about our investment thesis in light of this timing adjustment to our Levy project. Well, turn to slide seven, which most of you seen before. This is a reminder of the significant investment we're already making on our two utilities, apart from Levy nuclear construction. As you can see from the slide, the trend line here shows a healthy growth rate. Slide eight as an example, shows four major plant projects that are indicative of these investments, we're making for the benefit of both customers and shareholders. The Bartow Plant being converted from oil to natural gas, which will be completed next month. The new Wayne County CT will also finish next month. 180-megawatt upgrade of our Crystal River nuclear plant to be completed in 2011, we're also replacing steam generators there this year. And the new Richmond County combined cycle, where we're breaking ground later this week. We're also making substantial investments in our transmission system of both the Carolinas and Florida. On slide nine, you'll see a number of the major environmental compliance projects, which also represent significant capital investments. Last month, we completed the scrubber installations required to meet phase one of the North Carolina Clean Smokestacks Act. We're in the midst of the environmental retrofits at our Crystal River Fossil Units 4 and 5 in Florida. So, it should be clear from the slides that there is a robust investment story in our two utilities. It's driven by the need to meet future growth, as well as to implement federal and state energy and environmental policies. As those policies evolve over the near-term, I believe they're going to present and perhaps mandate is a better word, additional investment opportunities for a company like ours. Now, I'd like to turn to a quick update on our Florida rate proceedings. Slide ten, summarizes some of the facts about our March 20 filing for our base rate increase in 2010. It's a $499 million rate request with a 12.54% return on equity. PSC hearing begins in September on this request a decision is expected in November, in time to put the new rates in effect January 1 next year. As, you know, we have several other moving parts in our process with the Public Service Commission in Florida. So, we put together the chart on slide 11 as a quick reference of key dates in four separate rate proceedings including the base rate case. You note from this slide that the Public Service Commission will reach a decision in three of the dockets within the next 45 days. The interim rate relief associated with our 2008 ROE is expected by May 19th. Also by May 19th, the limited rate relief associated with the Bartow Plant Repowering and by June 15th, our petition related to several accounting orders. Then, as I said, the PSC will decide this fall, on our base rates that go into effect January 1st. To conclude with slide 12, I want to comment on National Energy Policy debate. As, you know, there is a lot of attention on the Waxman-Markey bill in the house. This is a very comprehensive package. It's about a 650 page bill that includes everything from carbon cap and trade to a renewable electricity standard to an efficiency standard. We're actively engaged in these policy discussions and I'm personally very involved in it. And one key point we're making with legislators is that our overriding goal here should be to achieve the greatest reduction in carbon emissions at the least cost and the least economic impact. Now this seems a common sense approach and I'm pleased that there's growing recognition of the need to address climate change in a cost-effective way. Reducing CO2 is clearly the right thing to do. But doing it in the right way is also important. And a pivotal issue in doing it the right way is how the carbon emission allowances are treated, the auction versus allocation debate. And again, this comes down to the impact on the customer. Our industry is united in advocating a significant percentage of the allowances to be allocated in the early years, in order to allow for a smoother transition and a lesser impact on customers. No one knows yet, if Congress can or will pass a comprehensive package by the end of this year. But, we agree with the need for climate change legislation. I want to assure you that we're busy planning and preparing for a carbon constrained future. In fact, my last slide, number 13, is a quick reminder of our balanced solution strategy, which we've been pursuing for a couple of years now. It has three elements, aggressive energy efficiency, innovative alternative and renewable energy and state-of-the-art plants and this is proving to be an effective platform for preparing our company and our customers for a world of new energy realities. We're making very good progress in each of these areas, from rolling out new energy efficiency programs to signing long-term renewable energy agreements. This balanced flexible approach will serve us and our customers well as we go forward. Well, thanks for your attention and now, I'll turn it over to Mark Mulhern.
Mark Mulhern: Thank you, Bill. I will cover the topics on slide 15. As Bill showed you, we had a good quarter and we're able to overcome some of the challenges and customer growth and usage. I'll point you to slide 16, which shows you the EPS by entity. We had a $0.10 increase year-over-year, but the first quarter of 2008 had below normal weather. Florida benefited from wholesale and AFUDC equity earnings on capital investments. Carolina also had positive wholesale and AFUDC equity, but some of that was offset by timing of O&M and higher nuclear outage costs versus last year. In addition, we had a $14 million income tax benefit from changes in our nuclear decommissioning trust fund that lowered the effective tax rates, when you compare first quarter 2009 to first quarter 2008. On slide 17, we've laid out the major variances for the quarter including the $0.07 pickup from our return to normal weather. We were able to offset the impact of share dilution and higher interest expense with increased wholesale and transmission margins and AFUDC equity. On the next two slides, 18 and 19, we tried to provide more insight into the gross margin at PEC and PES. Specifically, when you look at page S2 of our earnings release and try to make sense of the percentage changes, you will see significant impact in revenues resulting from higher fuel rates in all three jurisdictions. As you know, fuels are passthrough with no margin to the company. But fuel revenues increased in Florida and both Carolinas, thereby driving the percentage increases in the revenue columns up substantially. On slide 18, at PEC, our kilowatt hour sales numbers are down 1.1% versus last year. But, electric revenues were up 10.4%, illustrating the point about the impact of the fuel increases. The components of the $9 million increase in gross margins are shown on the right-hand side of slide 18 for Progress Energy, Carolinas. Turning to slide 19, the Progress Energy Florida, you see the weakness in growth and usage of $11 million actually gets masked if you're just looking at the revenue variance with the wholesale strength, turnaround in weather and increased clause returns drove the $32 million increase in gross margin at PEF. On slide 20, just a minute on customer growth and usage. In Florida, even the quarter-over-quarter comparison shows a decrease of 8,000 customers, still noted the net increase of 1,600 customers from Q4 2008. This indicates, we maybe seeing a bottom, but our plan continues to assume an approximate 1.5% decline in retail sales versus 2008. Also, you'll note the lower usage accounts in Florida, seems to have flattened out in the first quarter. In the Carolinas, where we had forecasted a slight increase in retail sales over 2008, we remain cautious. We continue to add new customers, approximately 18,000 on a year-over-year basis in Q1 2009 that you can see the trendline of new customers declining. However, our regions of the Carolinas have held up well, especially in light of the unemployment rates in the state. In general, economic recovery in our jurisdiction is dependent upon the general economy being supportive again of population migration which historically has fueled growth in all three states. As the national economy recovers, we believe our service territories will participate in that recovery. In the appendix on slide 34, we've included some additional economic data that we're monitoring very closely and incorporating in our planning assumptions. One more point on customer growth and usage. I should mention that industrial kilowatt hour sales in the Carolinas were down 12.7% from last year, a continued trend of weakness. Our industrial revenues were only down 2.7% and this reflects the components of our industrial rates which include demand charges. Specifically in terms of components, the chemicals SIC code which now comprises 30% of our industrial sales was only down 1% compared to the first quarter of 2008. But overall, we expect industrial sales will continue to be weak throughout 2009. Turning to cost management on slide 21, this is our own end summary adjusted for the passthrough clauses which shows a 1.8% increase 2009 versus 2008. And as Bill said, we are aggressively managing the business and holding down costs across the company. We did have some spending in nuclear in the first quarter that drove O&M higher, but we expect those costs to even out over the remainder of the year. On slide 22, Bill said we have affirmed our 2009 full-year guidance of $2.95 to $3.15 and we're on track to achieve that range. The midpoint would represent a 10% increase in net income over 2008, the dilution from our share issuance results in an EPS share increase of approximately 2.3%. Items to watch are summarized on slide 22. With the most significant being the Florida 2009 rate filings and the accounting orders we have requested. Just a minute on slide 23 on the Levy filings. We've given you our latest estimates of capital expenditures for Levy compared to what was in the 10-K for 2009 and 2010. Obviously, you see lower numbers there. As Bill noted, we have asked our construction consortium to recast the schedule and projected cash flows to reflect the minimum of a 20-month schedule shift. That information will take some time to develop and we will update you as appropriate. On slide 24, we highlighted certain key items of our nuclear cost recovery proposal. In addition, in the appendix on slide 33, we have summarized the specific financial details of the filing to make it easier for you to follow exactly what we're requesting. Under the nuclear legislation, we are entitled to recover approximately $436 million of preconstruction and licensing expenses related to the Levy project in 2010. Our proposal to lessen the burden to customers includes a proposed five-year deferral of certain of these costs. If our proposal is accepted, we would collect approximately $226 million in Levy costs in 2010, including cash AFUDC. So, when you include our collections to-date, we estimate there will be approximately $240 million of deferred costs that would be recovered ratably over the period 2011 through 2014. We have proposed collecting AFUDC on those deferred balances. So, overall, we believe we have put forth a proposal that recognizes the rate impact to customers in this challenging economic time. We also see positives from a more deliberate Levy schedule and the favorable impact it has on our CapEx requirements and associated debt and equity needs over the next few years. Last topic, I'll cover is financing and liquidity and two slides on slide 25 and 26 gives a pretty good snapshot of our financing activities and our liquidity. The financings we were able to execute have improved our financial profile since year-end 2008. We have solid liquidity and limited near-term debt maturities, and continued strong access to the capital markets. So, before I turn it back to Bill for Q&A, let me just reinforce, that we have provided transparency in our February analyst meeting, through the waterfall chart that showed you how we got from $2.98 our 2008 actual EPS to the midpoint of our 2009 range. And you can see here the progress in the first quarter, we made in the key areas of wholesale growth, O&M cost control, and execution of our capital investment programs. It's early in the year and we have our most important quarters in front of us. But so far, we are optimistic and on track to deliver on our earnings guidance. Thank you for your interest in our company and now, I'll turn it back over to Bill.
Bill Johnson: Thanks Mark. Before we take your questions, I just want to sum up by saying that we feel good about how we're managing and operating the business in this uncertain economy and policy environment. I'm particularly pleased with how well our employers are rising to the challenge. Although Mark and I are here delivering the news today, we clearly understand that our employers are the ones who are making the moves and I want to recognize that fact. We're taking the right steps to prepare for the future both for the rest of this year and for the years beyond. At this time, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question will come from Jonathan Arnold with Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Quick question now. Can you just give us a sense of how you would rate the prospects of potentially settling the Florida case? And what timeline that might be most likely to happen on? What point is we should be looking at as you move along the schedule here?
Bill Johnson: It's a good question. This will be our, I believe third rate proceeding since the merger in 2000. The first two we settled. I believe we settled both of them the day before the hearing was supposed to start, maybe even on the courthouse steps the night before the hearing. So, I think you have the TECO decision out there, which at least gives you some boundaries. And once you have all of the filings in and do a little discovery, your chances are better at settling, once everybody knows where all the facts are. But, I wouldn't predict that. Actually I wouldn't predict it at all because it's an unknown. But if it is going to happen, I think it's much closer to the hearing date.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you, Bill. And if I may just ask one other. The items you mentioned in the quarterly variance for tax, I think it was benefits related to the nuclear decommissioning trust funds. I missed how much that was, when you went through it. Can you just talk a little bit about what drove that or?
Mark Mulhern: Yes, I can, Jonathan. It's Mark.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Wouldn't there be an expense on the other side?
Mark Mulhern: Well, this has to do with a transfer of funds between qualified and non-qualified accounts and the tax impacts that are related to that. And there is about $14 million of positive contribution from that in this quarter. So, that's the essence of the tax item.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Anything further, sir?
Mark Mulhern: Apparently not.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: No.
Mark Mulhern: Well, sorry, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Is that something that would repeat or does it reverse or is there?
Mark Mulhern: No. It's kind of a one-time thing, Jonathan.
Operator: Now, we'll move to the next question from [Vidula Murty with CDP US].
Unidentified Analyst: Obviously, you highlighted the rate case and the base rate increase. What type of incremental fuel offset is also going to be kind of in play here in terms of what the customers are actually going to end up experiencing across the total bill?
Mark Mulhern: We reduced fuel in I guess April by about $200 million in Florida. Our next filing date is several months away yet. You have a combination of fuel prices generally trending down, but also having hedged in prior years. So, actual fuel doesn't move as quickly as the spot or the markets. I think it's too soon to say, Vidula, what the fuel offset will be.
Unidentified Analyst: But essentially, we have already versus the 499 request you've already been able to reduce that by effectively 200 to the fuel to-date?
Mark Mulhern: That's a great way to look at it. Of course, they're in separate proceedings. One is a base rate and one is a fuel rate. But, yes, we have taken $200 million out and fuel prices continually trend at a lower level.
Unidentified Analyst: Also in terms of the 20-months delay in the, what you're permitted to do, what you have to wait on until you get the COL. Is this unique to you? Or is this going to be something that every single applicant will likely deal with?
Mark Mulhern: Well we cannot speak for other applicants, but the LWA process is very site specific. And so it has to do with the geology and the seismic nature of the site and also we're dealing with a Greenfield site. Everybody else who is in this situation has a brownfield site, where there is a lot more known by the NRC. So, this is site by site and I think the fact that we're on a new site maybe makes us a little different than others. But we're not at privy to what the NRC tells other applicants about their LWAs.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Lastly, given the timeline shift out. Can you talk at all about what you may have thought previously about, I know you took care of equity for a period of time here. But with an incremental 20-months being pushed out. Can you talk a little bit about what you're like preliminary adjustments you see to be out your financings?
Mark Mulhern: Yes, Vidula, well, you know, we did some equity this year and we've told people that in the plans for at least for 2010, we have about a $300 million assumption related to the drip plans effectively and investor plus plans. We'll obviously monitor that as we go forward. Having a little bit less pressure on the short-term capital expenditures, probably gives us a little flexibility. But at this point, I wouldn't change that assumption.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Now moving to Travis Miller with Morningstar.
Travis Miller - Morningstar: I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit more about this NRC decision or perceived decision, right. This wasn't an actual decision that you got. This was your projection that they would decide against the authorization. Is that correct?
Bill Johnson: I think a fair way to say this, this is our analysis of the outcome they were likely to come to, based on discussions we had with them.
Travis Miller - Morningstar: Okay.
Bill Johnson: There's not exactly an NRC decision document out there that says this. But, I think it was a very accurate interpretation of what we were being told. So, part of the art of dealing with regulators is, understanding what they're saying to you.
Travis Miller - Morningstar: Sure, sure. What were some of the issues involved? Why would they have come to that decision?
Mark Mulhern: Yeah, I mean, it basically had to do with excavation and grading on this site. It has to do with the geology, how much grouting you have to do to prevent groundwater from seeping into your excavation. So geology and seismology I suppose are the main two. And again, think about the fact that the other places where people are thinking about building, they have sites that the NRC has been looking at for 30 years or so.
Travis Miller - Morningstar: Sure.
Mark Mulhern: Couple of other things, the NRC has a big workload. They have a lot of applications in there, there are lot of things they're doing. So, we're not at all critical of what they told us. We understand it. This is just the way the process works.
Travis Miller - Morningstar: Do you foresee having to do any additional work to the site to resolve some of those geological issues or ground water issues?
Mark Mulhern: No, this does not presage any increase in scope. This is simply a timing issue.
Travis Miller - Morningstar: Okay. So, they wanted more time to analyze that area then?
Mark Mulhern: Our interpretation of what they said, just to get this clear, is that they wanted to wait until we had the full license process before we did significant excavation and grouting on the site.
Operator: We'll now take a question from [Daniel Site with Durback Research Group]. Go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Did you do a sensitivity analysis as to the ROE potentially allowed a niche 1% of how we will be equivalent to income since the rate increase?
Bill Johnson: Well, the question is what is a point on ROE mean in revenue?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes.
Bill Johnson: I'm looking around the table here. Daniel, we might have to talk to you about that. I don't know have that answer right here, but.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, okay. Sorry, about that. Thank you.
Bill Johnson: If you call Bob, he'll get you that.
Operator: Now I'll turn the call back over to Bill Johnson. Please go ahead.
Bill Johnson: Thank you, again for joining our call. I know you have a busy day today. I hope you saw from our presentation today that we have a sound, flexible strategy for new energy future and we have focused and discipline in executing the daily fundamentals in our 2009 business plan. I hope you're gaining confidence in our execution track record and we appreciate your interest in Progress Energy. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: And with that, that will conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-12 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Robert F. Drennan Jr. – Vice President of Investor Relations  William D. Johnson – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Mark F. Mulhern – Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Steve Fleishman - Catapult Capital Management Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates [Risa Heteki] – Decade Capital Gordon Howald - Calyon Securities [Andrew Levi – Incremental Capital] Marc De Croisset - Macquarie Research Equities Gary Lenhoff - Ironworks Capital Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Travis Miller - Morningstar Equity Greg Gordon - Citigroup [Raymond Long] – Goldman Sachs 
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to Progress Energy’s 2008 fourth quarter and year-end earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) For opening remarks and introductions I now turn the conference call over to Bob Drennan of Progress Energy. Please go ahead sir.
Robert F. Drennan Jr.:  Yes and good morning and welcome to everyone. Joining me this morning are Bill Johnson, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Mulhern, Chief Financial Officer and other members of our management team.  This call will be archived on our website for the next two weeks. We are currently being webcast from our Investor Relations page at Progress-Energy.com. We are also offering an audio replay of this call in MP3 format which is also available from our website. Also I would direct your attention to our website where we have included a set of slides to accompany our speakers prepared remarks this morning. Those slides can be found at Progress-Energy.com/webcast. Today we will be making forward-looking statements during this call as well as reviewing historical information. There are numerous factors that may cause future actual results to differ materially from these statements. We outlined these in our earnings release, Form 10-K, 10-Q and other SEC filings as well as discussions of our risk factors in Form 10-K or 10-Q. This morning, following opening comments from Bill and Mark, we’ll then open the phone lines and address your questions. Now I’ll turn the call over to Bill Johnson.
William D. Johnson:  Thanks Bob and good morning to everyone. Thanks for joining us on our fourth quarter call. We certainly appreciate your interest in Progress Energy. As you all know from our release this morning, in 2008 we once again met our earnings goal. We did what we said we’d do in a business environment that grew much worse as the year went on. And we also laid some important groundwork for 2009 and beyond. These results didn’t just happen by chance. We achieved these results by being aggressive with managing the business; controlling what we can control; and making timely adjustments. That management discipline is what our customers and investors expect and frankly it’s what we expect of ourselves, especially in economic times like these. And these are difficult economic times. They’re difficult for customers, for companies, for regulators and investors.  We’re working hard to meet the needs of all these constituency groups. I’m really proud of the collaboration and responsiveness throughout the management team and the workforce here that helped produce these results. Turn to Slide 4 of our slide deck. It shows the three main topics I’ll cover today. In addition to my comments on earnings, I’ll discuss a letter that we filed earlier today regarding our rates in Florida and also give you an update on the Levy nuclear project.  First a review of ongoing earnings if you turn to Slide 5 in fourth quarter of 2008 we achieved ongoing earnings of $0.47 a share compared to $0.40 a share in the fourth quarter of 2007, a year-over-year increase of $0.07. For full year 2008 we achieved ongoing earnings of $2.98 a share. On a weather adjusted basis that equates roughly to $3.05 which was the mid-point of our original guidance last year. The full year increase 2007 to 2008 $0.26 a share.  Slide 6 lists some of the ways we overcame the [stopped] retail growth in Houston to deliver on these 2008 financial goals. And Mark will go over the details of these in a moment, but there are several noteworthy factors underlying the 2008 number that I’d like to mention. We partially offset retail sales through early action to secure new and amended wholesale contracts in Florida. And during the year we stepped up our efforts to systematically squeeze O and M costs out of our operation while maintaining operational excellence.  Also we had constructive regulatory outcomes in our three jurisdictions. In North Carolina we received approval to end our clean smokestack amortization and place those expenditures into rate base. In South Carolina we were able to eliminate the accelerated depreciation of the Harris Nuclear Plant. And in Florida the Public Service Commission approved our nuclear cost recovery filing. These and other proactive efforts in 2008 have positioned us well for 2009. And as we announced last month, our ongoing earnings guidance for this year is $2.95 to $3.15 per share. Mid-point represents essentially flat year-over-year growth when you account for weather. And we think that’s a reasonable and realistic outlook for 2009 given the challenging economy.  I will remind you on Slide 7 we’ve delivered on our EPS commitments each of the last three years and we fully intend to achieve our 2009 target as well. We expect to return to a long term annual growth rate of 4 to 5% in 2010. We’ll discuss the underlying details and assumptions at our upcoming Analyst Meeting in New York City on February the 27th. I mentioned a moment ago O and M cost management as one of the keys to our success last year. On Slide 8, which is also included in your [inaudible], this slide compares O and M costs in 2007 and 2008. As you can see on both an adjusted and un-adjusted basis we were able to reduce costs year-over-year. Making these costs visible in this way is part of the effort we began last year to provide greater transparency on O and M cost [inaudible]. Before Mark says more about the detailed financials around our earnings, I want to speak to two important issues of Progress Energy Florida. First, rates in Florida and then the nuclear project, Levy nuclear project. Turn to Slide 9 and we’ll talk for a minute about the Florida rate filing. As you know the Florida legislature and governor have established a comprehensive set of policies for that state. These include reducing greenhouse gas emissions; diversifying fuel supplies; increasing renewable energy sources; and encouraging nuclear plant expansion; and also making the transmission and distribution systems more reliable and less susceptible to storm damage. We’re committed to delivering reliable efficient service to our customers while also meeting this increasing range of energy policy requirements. We’ve invested more than $2 billion in Florida over just the last two years in working to fulfill these policies, and our price has to reflect the impact of those investments. So if you’ll turn to Slide 10. Earlier this morning we filed a letter with the Florida Public Service Commission proposing immediate price relief for our customers this year and initiating a proceeding to increase base rates in January, 2010.  As you might know we’re currently operating under a base rate settlement agreement that expires at the end of this year and we needed to file the test year letter now in order to have new rates in effect by the beginning of 2010. In the letter we also raised the possibility that we might seek a limited and/or interim rate base increase in 2009, which would be driven primarily by the Bartow Plant re-powering project which is scheduled for completion in June. As for the immediate price relief, you know we’re quite aware that these are tough economic times for many of our Florida customers. We want to do all that we can to help them through this period while also meeting our policy objectives and the regulatory requirements, so we’re proposing to decrease 2009 customer bills by about 11% starting with the April billing cycle. This amounts to slightly more than $15 per month reduction for 1,000 kwh residential bill, similar savings for commercial and industrial customers. This 2009 price change reflects our revised fuel forecast which is about $200 million and deferral of a portion of this year’s nuclear pre-construction costs per the Levy plant. So if our proposal to reduce rates this year is approved it will give us more time to work legislators to find alternative ways to encourage nuclear plant development in Florida, while minimizing the impact to customers to the extent possible. As for the base rate proceeding we’ll be seeking additional annual revenues of about $475 to $550 million. That will be an increase of about 11% or $15 a month on 1,000 kwh residential bill. This should be the first significant base rate increase of Progress Energy Florida in decades. We’ve kept our base rate flat there for almost a quarter of a century. In fact our residential base rates have increased by only 1% since 1984 while our consumer price index has increased by more than 100%. And even in today’s economic climate it’s imperative that we invest in our system to insure the necessary infrastructure improvements to achieve these and other energy policy requirements. On Slide 11 you can see the key drivers of the 2010 base rate request; steam generator replacement at Crystal River Nuclear; Bartow re-powering and the additional investments in transmission. And on Slide 12 you’ll see a tentative schedule for the base rate proceeding. It starts with the test year letter we filed today. File the case itself on March the 20th. We expect the Public Service Commission hearing to be in September with the final order early December and new rates effective the first of January, 2010. So I know this test year letter that we filed this morning is a lot of rate information to digest in a short period of time. When we get to the Q&A section we’ll be glad to take your questions on this or after the call and we’ll also be ready to address it in more detail on our February 27th meeting in New York. So now a few words about the Levy Nuclear Project if you would turn to Slide 13. We continue to make steady progress on our nuclear project in Levy County. As a reminder this is a two unit, 2,200 megawatt plant using Westinghouse AP1000 technology. In late December we signed the engineering procurement and construction contract with Westinghouse and Stone and Webster. The EPC contract price is $7.65 billion with more than half of that fixed or firm with agreed upon escalation factors. The contracts include various performance incentives, penalties, warranties, liquidated damage provisions and inherent guarantees. The total estimated cost for the two unit plant is about $14 billion which includes financing costs, land and forecasted inflation. Associated transmission for the project will be about $3 billion. We’ve continued to receive strong political and regulatory support in Florida for this nuclear project. It’s rightly seen as an important investment in the state’s energy future, a major step to implement the policy directions set the by the governor and the legislature to reduce greenhouse gases and the reliance on fossil fuel. Slide 14 shows the regulatory timeline for the Levy project. It shows the good progress we’re making in approvals. As you know we had a unanimous favorable ruling last year from the [PSU] regarding a certificate of need and cost recovery. Last month the staff of the Florida Department of Environmental Protection recommended our site certification application be approved. We expect the final site approvals by the governor and his cabinet later this year. We submitted our combined operating license application to the NRC last summer. It was docketed in October and this meets the milestone for the production tax credits in the 2005 Federal Energy Bill. We’ll also talk more about the Levy project including joint ownership at our Analyst Meeting at the end of this month. So now I’ll turn it over to Mark for his comments.
Mark F. Mulhern:  Thank you Bill and good morning. I’ll cover a few financial highlights and then we will get to your questions. Let me start with Slide 16 which shows the component of earnings per share by each utility. For the fourth quarter Progress Energy Carolinas earnings per share were $0.06 higher than 2007 and Progress Energy Florida’s earnings per share was $0.02 higher than in 2007. For the full year Progress Energy Florida contributed a $0.24 increase and Progress Energy Carolinas a $0.09 increase that were partially offset by higher corporate costs at $0.07. The significant earnings growth of Progress Energy Florida is what you would expect to see from a utility with $2.7 billion in capital expenditures over the last two years, the bulk of which was spent on an environmental upgrade and re-powering the Bartow plant from oil-fired to natural gas. AFUDC equity was $0.21 per share higher in 2008 versus 2007. On a consolidated basis, ongoing earnings per share were up just under 10% over 2007, outstanding performance in a challenging economy. Two-thousand-eight was a very challenging year for all investors but Progress Energy’s total shareholder return of negative 12.9% was the fourth best among the 27 utilities we benchmark against. On Slide 17 I’ve simply broken out selected line items from the income statement and balance sheet of our financial statements that follow Page 9 of our earnings release package. These highlights just amplify Bill’s earlier comments and specifically show how we were successful in 2008. The first item total revenues were essentially flat in 2008 versus 2007 but new wholesale revenues primarily in Florida helped offset retail weakness. Proceeding down the income statement you can see the strong cost management via lower O and M costs in 2008. The constructive regulatory outcomes that Bill referred to earlier resulted in approximately $66 million of less depreciation and amortization in 2008 versus 2007. And finally, we had a $71 million increase in AFDUC equity year-over-year primarily reflecting again the environmental construction programs in Florida. A few highlights from the balance sheet show that we increased long term debt in 2008 but invested those funds in the utility plant and construction work in progress. This is the model for a growing regulated electric utility. As you know, we improved our capital structure via our equity issuance in January of 2009 and are comfortable with our current financial profile. Our $525 million equity issuance lowered leverage by 1.5 points to about 55.6% on a pro forma basis for the year ended 12/31/2008. On Slide 18 we have shown the changes in kilowatt hour sales for the quarter and full year of 2008. Obviously the fourth quarter’s numbers in commercial and industrial in particular were significantly worse than the full year decline due to the deepening recession. We know this has been a topic of interest on other companies’ calls and so we’ve been actively watching these issues.  During the fourth quarter we saw some of our industrial customers reduce production in order to decrease inventory, generate cash and lower expenses. We hope and believe this is temporary in nature and we have spoken with many of our key customers in the last two weeks for updates on their expectations for 2009. We have seen a dramatic decline in sales since December 15 and believe first quarter will be an important indicator of how long and deep this decline will be.  We know that 2009 will be a challenging year for our industrial customers; however we don’t see any major permanent plant closings and thus our industrial sales should trend with the economy and hopefully see some recovery in the second half of 2009 and into 2010. Slide 19 summarizes the customer growth and low usage data we have provided on the last few earnings calls. Progress Energy Carolinas customer growth numbers have been very resilient and we actually added 24,000 net new customers in 2008. At Progress Energy Florida the fourth quarter was the second consecutive quarter of negative customer growth, a trend we expect will continue into 2009 though we do expect some of our success in wholesale to offset some of the weakness in retail in Florida. Slide 20 is our capital expenditure status report which shows the progress made in 2008 on major projects and the cumulative capital spent to date on those projects. As you can see we have solid regulatory recovery mechanisms and a clear path to earnings growth from these projects. And on Slide 21 we have provided a high level picture of the major drivers behind our 2009 EPS guidance range. As Bill has outlined, we filed our test year letter for new base rates in 2010 at Progress Energy Florida and have indicated that we will likely request interim and/or limited rate relief for 2009. Based on the early stage of these regulatory proceedings I cannot be too specific on all the components of our 2009 guidance. But let’s be clear. Regardless of the outcome of our request for interim rate relief in 2009, we have appropriately handicapped our prospects and considered that in establishing our 2009 earnings guidance of $2.95 to $3.15 per share. Our solid track record of growing our earnings and meeting guidance over the last three years should give you confidence that our plan is well thought out and we have the necessary ingredients to continue that trend in 2009. The key drivers on Slide 21 should come as no surprise. We expect positive contributions from return to normal weather. We had about $0.07 of negative weather in 2008. Higher AFUDC from the increased capital expenditures; the open it access transmission tariff should provide additional revenues in 2009 versus 2008; and then a continuation of our success in new and wholesale contract extensions in Florida. The main negatives in our forecast which you’re familiar with; the dilution from the share issuance that we completed in early January, higher interest expense, and higher pension costs. So that concludes my remarks and we look forward to seeing many of you in New York on February 27th and appreciate your interest in the company. Now I will turn it over back to Bill for a summary and your questions.
William D. Johnson:  Thanks Mark and before we take your questions I want to remind you of the value of the proposition we offer is on Slide 22 of the slide deck. We’re focused on the regulated electric utility business which we know well and which we do well. We have a history of successful execution and constructive regulatory environments. We have solid growth prospects. We have an attractive dividend yield and a very long track record of dividend growth. To us this all adds up to a compelling risk adjusted total return. So now we’d be glad to entertain your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch:  Just a quick question. I must apologize if I missed this but could you be a little more specific about what you’ve assumed in your guidance for sales growth year-over-year in the two territories?
William D. Johnson:  I’ll ask Mark Mulhern to respond to that.
Mark F. Mulhern:  Good morning Jonathan. You know in Florida we’ve got about a negative 1.5% down for the full year 2009 and Carolinas is just slightly positive, less than 1% positive. So net net we’re probably just slightly negative on the total company basis but expect again some contribution on the wholesale side from what we’ve done in the wholesale contract area in Florida. And the Carolinas have been relatively resilient here. We did have the new customer additions in 2008, the 24,000. I think we have a number like 14,000 new customers assumed in our ’09 numbers in Carolinas.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch:  Those numbers are weather adjusted. Is that correct?
Mark F. Mulhern:  Yes they are.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch:  And as you look at the seasonal profile your comments on kind of a later in the year recovery, should we assume that you have low enough numbers in that in the first couple of quarters and then it accrues through the second half of the year?
Mark F. Mulhern:  I think that’s fair. I think a lot of the large customers, especially industrial customers, are dealing with inventories so they’re trying to work the backlog and have curtailed production. And we obviously saw some holiday curtailments where people got longer suspended shutdowns than we have had traditionally. So I would expect the second half of the year would be better than the first.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch:  On this filing you’ve made today to the fuel filing and then the proposed deferral of part of the nuclear costs, how – I’m guessing that would be on a – you’d expect that to get addressed on a faster timeframe than the actual rate case itself. And is this effectively two filings? You have the fuel piece and then this other piece or is it all one thing? Could you just talk about the timeline for that regulatory angle.
Mark F. Mulhern :  Yes. You know the fuel piece we have that for kind of [inaudible] treatment because we want to flow through the reductions in the April bills for customers. So in other words we would hope to get some response back on the request to allow us to flow through the savings to the customers starting in April and then if we are at the 2010 timeline is what Bill outlined.  In other words, the filing of the MFR’s that we need to do for our ’08 proceedings for 2010 would happen on that normal schedule. If we do decide to pursue interim or limited rate relief we would look for some expedited treatment. As Bill mentioned in the Bartow plant we think we’ll be in service here in June and so we may end up going in for interim relief on that issue as well. We look for expedited treatment to get that done by the middle of the year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse:  Yes, on the rate adjustment charge what is the underlying natural gas assumption you guys are using in your Florida rates with the reduction you just filed for today?
Robert F. Drennan Jr.:  Well, let me characterize it this way. We have obviously hedged a fair amount of gas for 2009. We’ve probably hedged that at higher prices than are currently out there. I think to support the numbers you’ve seen we were using gas in the $5 range.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse:  You are embedding a $5 gas on your un-hedged piece? Is that the right way of thinking about that?
Robert F. Drennan Jr.:  Yes, you should think about $5 on the un-hedge piece and the hedged numbers we haven’t disclosed and probably won’t disclose them now. I mean it’s a mix of all kinds of different points in time but yes that’s how you should think about it in terms of the $207 million fuel reduction.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse:  And remind me on the 780 per megawatt hour per thousand kilowatt hours and the nuclear recovery charge, what period of time or how much capital is that relief related to?
Robert F. Drennan Jr.:  Yes, it’s got more than meets the eye on it. It is $385 million that consists of expenditures we’ve made on Levy in 2006, ’07, ’08 and the projected number of what we’re going to spend in ’09. That’s a combination of all those things in the $385. So as you know we started to recover those dollars starting January 1 in customer bills. And so that’s the components of how that was supposed to work and we were supposed to recover those in 2009.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse:  That was recovery of and not a return on capital. Is that correct?
Robert F. Drennan Jr.:  That is correct.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse:  And so the assumption now would be you would like to put that in rate base. Would that be part of the filing you guys are going – your rate case you’re going to put that in rate base versus recovery up?
Mark F. Mulhern:  We’ve agreed to effectively defer recovery on $200 million and we’re hoping for a couple things to happen. We know there will be some discussion about securitization on the floor of the legislature this year. If we were successful in that effort, we could potentially securitize some of the pre-construction costs but to your point we are just recovering those dollars, dollar for dollar. We’re not getting a return on those dollars. And that would be a mechanism that could be conducive to that and allow us to spread some of the rate impact to customers over a longer period of time. So that’s one angle. If the securitization effort is not successful we would look to recover those costs at some future time and we just haven’t determined that yet.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse:  And then can you talk a little bit about, you know, I guess there’s been a bit of some uproar on this [UFSU] in Florida for the nuclear plant or some people making some noise. I just kind of outlined your thoughts and kind of share with us where you guys are as far as annual rate increases are concerned during the construction cycle for Levy.
William D. Johnson:  This is Bill. The legislature and the governor a couple of years ago looked at this question in depth and what’s the best thing to do in Florida. And the clear answer they came to was nuclear expansion as one element of a balanced solution for moving forward. And so the policy support remains pretty strong down there. Mark talked about the legislature looking for ways to continue on that policy but bring some effort to mitigate the costs in the short term or some way to make it easier for the customers, especially in this downturn. So I don’t think there is at least in our view that’s still the policy. It still has strong regulatory support, political support, and what we see the legislature doing is finding ways to continue with that policy and other ways to help mitigate the cost impact to customers.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse:  Yes, Bill, if we saw a wave of [populars] in Florida and they decided that they wanted to re-send the CWHIP element of nuclear development does that change your view on development of Levy?
William D. Johnson:  That’s an excellent question that I probably don’t want to answer before the legislature concludes its work. I would say given the size of the projects and the size of the companies, traditional rate making methodology makes it very difficult to proceed on projects like this. That’s why the policy that was developed in Florida was developed. So I think I would have to react to your question if it changed but not before it changed.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse:  Do you have a year-end rate base number for Florida?
Mark F. Mulhern:  Dan, I’ll tell you I don’t have that right in front of me but I’ll have [Bryan Kinsey] call you and give it to you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Steve Fleishman - Catapult Capital Management.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Capital Management:  Just a question on the Florida rate proposals that you made, the way it would seem the rates would kind of fluctuate – you go down 11% in ’09 and then up again 11% in ‘010. Is there any way to potentially smooth that out and kind of try and work on some kind of comprehensive rate plan that encompasses all this stuff?
William D. Johnson:  Steve good morning. There a couple of options here. Mark talked about the potential for going in for interim relief. It’s obviously the interim relief that has an effect on what you asked for next year. Our other plan here is you know we had to file the test year and the MFR’s to get the process going, but we intend to talk to everybody in Florida who’s interested in this about ways to do this that serves everybody’s needs. So we’re really just at the beginning of that process but there’ll be a lot of discussion about that during the course of the year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  The Bartow plant is going to increase. How much is that supposed to be?
William D. Johnson:  Bartow plant I think if you go back to let’s see, I’m just flipping the slides for a minute on the capital slide we had on Slide 20, Paul, where we have the Bartow re-powering. The total project cost is $690 million. We’ve spent $653 of that through the end of ’08 so you as you can see we’ve just a very little bit to spend and again we expect that to go in service in June of ’09.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  But you guys were talking about maybe an interim increase for that?
Mark F. Mulhern:  Possible.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  And I just was wondering how much might the interim increase be that you would be asking for that.
William D. Johnson:  We haven’t determined that number yet.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  The ROE that you guys had in Florida and the Carolinas for 2008, do you have a regulatory ROE that you guys earned there that you could share with us?
Mark F. Mulhern:  Florida the number’s 9.6%. I have 9.56. And then the Carolinas is about 10.8%.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  And what’s your projection for 2009 for Florida’s ROE? Do you have an idea about that?
Mark F. Mulhern:  It’s lower than the 9.5. I don’t know exactly how low. Depends on a few assumptions.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  And then I guess circling back with Steve and some of the previous questions there in terms of on the one hand you guys are just sort of looking to decrease rates but then you’re going to be going in asking for a rate increase. I guess sort of is the thought process that the consumer will be more amenable to it because the economy will be doing better?  I mean in other words I mean sort of – the logic I guess other than the fact that sort of it’s a tough economic time I’m not really clear as to the purpose of sort of decreasing and then go back very shortly and say hey we want to increase them, particularly when you also might just ask for an interim rate increase for the Bartow one. I mean I’m sorry to be so slow but I’m just sort of like you know, it seems like a [feast off] if you know what I mean.
William D. Johnson:  Let me explain the thinking behind this. We have to do something with our base rates by the end of the year because our settlement expires. And so we have to do something to set new rates for January 1. In the interim we are able to reduce fuel because of fuel projections and good management of that process and we’re also able to defer some of that nuclear pre-construction costs especially to let the legislature think about you know what are the ways there are to do that.  So we really didn’t engage in thinking that next year is going to be easier for customers. We really said, “Here are some things that we can do in the short term to make it easier now.” The facts are that we have invested several billion dollars in Florida and we have to have prices that reflect that and maintain our ability to track capital and reward investors. But really this is just thinking in bits and what you can do now and what you have to do later and as we said in response to Steve’s questions, “There’s a way to blend all of this together and serve everybody’s needs and we will be having that discussion over the next several months.”
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  Could you refresh my memory as to the legislative calendar when they go out of – how long does it last in Florida?
William D. Johnson :  We will send that to you Paul. I think it’s a 60 day session but they also have a lot of committees that meet in advance and we will get that to you.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  And then the securitization you mentioned the ability to maybe secure some of this nuclear expense. Is there anything else that you guys are thinking of securitizing as well? Or is it just for nuclear stuff that you’re looking at right now as part of the – as one part of what you might be secured on?
Mark F. Mulhern:  At this point, Paul, we’re really focused on just the pre-construction costs for the nuclear. And again we don’t necessarily get a return on that capital just a return of so it seems to fit into securitization prospect nicely. We haven’t really contemplated anything else.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  Are you contemplating any return on the $200 million of deferred nuclear?
Mark F. Mulhern:  With the way the current set up would be in terms of our request is that we would agree to this deferral and we would earn AFDUC deferral until we collected it.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  And that AFDUC rate would be both debt and equity?
Mark F. Mulhern:  Yes.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Risa Heteki] – Decade Capital.
Risa Heteki – Decade Capital:  Could you talk a little bit more about load growth in the Carolinas and I guess what’s different there versus some of the other southern states that some of your other companies down there that are experiencing negative load growth?
William D. Johnson:  We will tell you what we think about this. The Carolinas have never had the housing booms, the great increase in real estate prices nor the downside of that cycle. It’s always been a much more steady state. The economies are different. You know there’s actually a lot more industrial and commercial in the Carolinas. Florida is more tourists and things like that. So that should tell you the differences we see. When you look at the cycle over time the Carolinas have usually been just a more steady state than most of the other states in the southeast.
Risa Heteki – Decade Capital:  In your 2009 guidance is there some benefit imbedded in there from the interim rates?
Mark F. Mulhern:  The way I characterized it in my remarks is we have a probability around success with respect to interim rate relief. We built that into that. But some we’re not sharing obviously because we’re in the very early stages of these regulatory processes. 
Risa Heteki – Decade Capital:  And just the Harris amortization is there any of that in 2009 or is that over with?
Mark F. Mulhern:  We finished the minimum number that we needed to take for Harris in 2008 so we don’t have any requirements. We could go up further. There’s a maximum associated with that program that we could take additional if we needed to but right now there’s not any anticipation to take additional Harris depreciation above and beyond the normal in 2009.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Gordon Howald - Calyon Securities.
Gordon Howald - Calyon Securities:  I want to make sure I get this correct here then your 2009 guidance then includes the deferral of the Levy recoveries and I guess it includes the possibility of interim rate relief in 2009. That would make sense. Is that correct?
Mark F. Mulhern:  That’s correct.
Gordon Howald - Calyon Securities:  And then a question just for Mark you know that your 2009 outlook includes incremental payments for pension under-funding. Could you give us any details on this? You know, how much that incremental would be in ’09 versus ’08?
Mark F. Mulhern:  Sure. Our pension like everybody else is still moving around a little bit, finishing up all the final actuarial assumptions but here’s what we think right now. We made a contribution in 2008 to the plan of about $33 million. We think that number’s going to be in the $200 to $250 range in 2009. So it’s that degree of significance. That’s just the nature of the beast, you know. We had our assets were down I think 32% for the year on terms of investment performance in the plan so you know we’ll go ahead and incorporate that. That’s all in our plans in terms of the funding requirement in terms of what we anticipated for 2009.
Gordon Howald - Calyon Securities:  And then where would that flow through on the financial statements? On the interest statement?
Mark F. Mulhern:  Well, on the financial statement just remember what you contribute and what goes through the P&L are two different things. On the pension cost for the P&L I think the numbers are in the $60 to $70 million range of what’s going to hit O and M expense in 2009 related to pension. 
Gordon Howald - Calyon Securities:  That’s been baked into your outlook as well?
Mark F. Mulhern:  It has.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Andrew Levi – Incremental Capital].
Andrew Levi – Incremental Capital:  Just regarding your meeting on the 27th are you going to be updating guidance at that point or this is your guidance for the next quarter?
Mark F. Mulhern:  I don’t expect to do anything different to guidance until we issue – you know we issued this guidance the first week of January when we did our equity offering and our debt deals. I don’t expect anything different in terms of guidance at the 27th meeting.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Marc De Croisset - Macquarie Research Equities.
Marc De Croisset - Macquarie Research Equities:  When I look at the revenue request that you’re making in Florida I’m guessing that a large component of the increase is from the rate base and the projects that are under construction and earning AFUDC. Is that a fair statement and if so is it fair to say that a large portion of the revenue request might be earnings neutral?
Mark F. Mulhern:  I agree with the first portion of what you said. In other words, yes, there’s no question the rate request will be based on a number of those capital projects we have listed on Slide 20 there. You know, the Crystal River activity and the Bartow re-powering. Those type of things. In terms of earning neutralities you’re right there is some piece of AFUDC that kind of flips the cash. In other words you start to recover the cash earn on that versus the AFUDC return. We don’t know exactly how much that is at this point. But I think it’s too early to make a judgment about that.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Gary Lenhoff - Ironworks Capital.
Gary Lenhoff - Ironworks Capital:  Mark can you just tell us what do you expect total CapEx to be in 2009 and if you can give us an estimate for 2010 as well?
Mark F. Mulhern:  Yes. I think what you’ll see in the 10-K is a little bit of a range. I think it’s $2.5 million to $2.7 or $2.8 million for ’09 and a similar range for ‘010.
Gary Lenhoff - Ironworks Capital:  And just a couple of other questions relating to the pension. At year-end should we expect to see the under-funding to be in the ballpark of $750 to $800 million? Is that about right?
Mark F. Mulhern:  I think it’s lower than that. I think it’s more in the $6 range.
Gary Lenhoff - Ironworks Capital:  And pension expense you said would be $60 to $70 million or you’re using $60 to $70 million in ’09. Can you tell us what it was in ’08?
Mark F. Mulhern:  Thirteen million dollars. I’m sorry, $10 million.
Gary Lenhoff - Ironworks Capital:  And have you made any changes to your 9% return assumption or your discount rate?
Mark F. Mulhern:  Our return assumption we’ve gone to 8.75 versus 9 for 2009 so prospectively going forward we dropped a quarter of a point from 9% to 8.75 on the return assumption. I’m not sure on the discount rate. We haven’t disclosed that number yet. We’re still working with the actuaries on the final number.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs:  Two items, one on the nuclear cost recovery any of the deferral or securitization. At this early stage of the process meaning of developing new nuclear are you worried at all about kind of the precedent you’re setting for the concept of deferring significant capital spending?
William D. Johnson:  We’re not worried about that particularly, Michael. You know, our view to this is there’s a policy here we’re trying to meet and everybody has an interest in it, the company, the regulators, the policy makers, customers and we are just trying to be helpful in finding a way to mitigate the impact of this. So it’s not a sign of concern. It’s not a sign of our lack of interest in the project.  It’s just really about effective public policy and what the best way to do this is. You know going forward no matter what the energy policy turns out to be there’s a huge capital wave ahead of us and finding ways to do this effectively with the lowest customer impact is going to be important. So that’s how we look at it.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs:  Understood. I was just thinking more along the lines of let’s say we get four or five years down the road and you know there’s been a couple of billion dollars or more that’s already invested at that stage, you file to get cost recovery and interveners come back and say, “Hey, wait a second. Back in ’09, ‘010 you know the company was willing to defer it and granted it was a smaller amount but hey guys there’s a precedent here.”
William D. Johnson:  You know there’s already a precedent in the utility space on securitization in Florida. It’s been used before and I think everybody understands the proposition that we need to be able to raise capital or earn a return on it and we need to be the people that do these kind of projects. So I understand the question. I’m not too concerned about the impact of this on a going forward basis.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs:  And I apologize, I may not be as familiar on the precedent there on securitization. Was that for base load generation or just storms? Because I thought it was just storm recovery.
William D. Johnson:  Yes.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs:  One last nuclear related question. A lot of the contracting of long lead time items you and some of the other companies do and the AP1000 started down that path. Just curious in terms of the movement we’ve seen in prices for things like steel which are some of the major components of a plant and any kind of thoughts on whether you can revisit long lead type item contract pricing based on the fact that steel costs are down 40 or 50% right now.
Mark F. Mulhern:  Michael, it’s Mark. You know we have signed an EPC contract that I think you know some of the components of that. They’re outlined on the slide that Bill went over that had these basically a fixed and firm bucket of prices tied to indexes. We do think those indexes will reflect some of the lower cost of commodities in some of these things. So we do think that the escalation numbers will be lower than certainly they were six months ago. But in terms of real savings, in terms of long lead time equipment, no we haven’t seen that yet is the way I would characterize it.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Travis Miller - Morningstar Equity.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Equity:  A quick question on the Florida rate case, what test year will you be using?
Mark F. Mulhern:  It’ll be 2010 is the test year we’ve asked for.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Equity:  On a calendar year basis?
Mark F. Mulhern:  Yes.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Equity:  And then a quick clarification on the fuel adjustment that you have filed for the true up, correct me if I’m wrong, would just be essentially a true up to the hedged costs you have in right now and projected openly that you’ve given us earlier, right? There’s not a subsidy or anything in that number, right?
Mark F. Mulhern:  No. I mean the way you describe it is correct.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Equity:  Okay. So this eliminates any kind of [reg] gas or liability creation?
Mark F. Mulhern:  Correct.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Greg Gordon – Citigroup.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:  The $200 million you’re now deferring in terms of nuclear cost collection, you would have not earned any return on that but now that you are offering to defer it you would earn AFUDC on that amount until it was [recorded]. Is that correct?
Mark F. Mulhern:  The proposal that we have on the table, correct.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:  And so when I think about that $200 million in cash flow that you’ve agreed to not collect, and I think about the large amount of cash you’re putting into the pension this year, those two items were understood and contemplated when you put together your financing plan? And another way of putting it is you sized your equity and debt offering knowing that these changes to your cash flow were going to be in place in ’09?
William D. Johnson:  A couple of things to think about there, the first one being that you know we may or may not be successful in the interim rate relief so we’re thinking that we could potentially have some offset to the cash impact of recurring nuclear from that. And the other place to look is we do have the ability obviously to manage our capital expenditures including nuclear, including the rest of the capital expenditure program. So we have that factored that in. We think it’s a reasonable assumption to make relative to our ability to finance the business in 2009.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:  So in other words you saw the possibility of your cash flow being lower by almost $500 million and that was one of the factors in contemplating this idea of your equity offering? Or did these changes to your cash flow sort of come about after you did the offering?
Mark F. Mulhern:  I think we knew the pension number was going to be high. We may not have exactly had our finger on this $200 million of nuclear deferral when we actually did the offering. But certainly we had some ability in our financing plan to deal with that issue.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:  So really it will come on the CapEx side if you have to modify your cash management approach during the year it would come from the capital side not from changes in your financing plan?
Mark F. Mulhern:  Accurate.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Raymond Long] – Goldman Sachs.
Raymond Long – Goldman Sachs:  I know you did some in debt and equity also earlier in the year. Can you talk a little about whether there are external funding needs you have and how much room is a follow-on to Greg’s question of how much flexibility you would have on the CapEx budget if you needed to ratchet that down some?
Mark F. Mulhern:  You saw the couple of deals we did in the first quarter the first month of the year. We kind of got our equity out of the way. The Carolina deal that we did we did $600 million but $400 of that was in maturities so think about that maybe as an incremental, too. So we have some debt needs that we will finish later in the year. That could be in the $750 million range and it could be – a number of that could be for holding companies as well as the utility so that’s probably the number you should think about at least in your head. On kind of the CapEx side with $2.5 to $2.8 billion I think is the range that you’ll see in the K. There’s some flexibility in that and all through the line items on the utility side. And then there’s some flexibility in timing of nuclear. As Bill referred to earlier we’ve got some uncertainties around how nuclear – at least the timeframe on nuclear happens with respect to the NRC schedule and some of those things that are, you know, we just don’t have a firm handle on yet. So the timing of expenditures in nuclear could move around a little bit.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:  I know you trust the pension cost contribution. Is there anything that we need to think about in terms of de-commissioning trust funding? In terms of any contribution needs there?
Mark F. Mulhern:  Not of any significance. We’re actually over-funded in Florida in the de-commissioning trust on Crystal River. In the Carolinas we’ve got a regular contribution but it’s nothing out of the ordinary.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:  You’ve commented holding company debt, can you elaborate more on that? Is that debt you’re thinking or convert or something like that or?
Mark F. Mulhern:  Yes. I wouldn’t tell you exactly what we’re going to do but I would expect it to be just a regular debt.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Marc De Croisset - Macquarie Research Equities.
Marc De Croisset - Macquarie Research Equities:  A quick clarification on the cost escalator imbedded in your assumptions for nuclear, can that number actually go negative for substantive costs? In other words, can raw materials for example costs for those raw materials go below their initially budgeted base line? Is that conceivable?
William D. Johnson :  Yes. That’s conceivable. I mean there’s an assumption in there about a starting point for the commodity and an escalation tied to an index and since it’s cost-based if the cost is lower, yes.
Operator:  It appears we have no more questions in the queue. I’d like to turn the call back over to you, Mr. Johnson for any closing remarks or any additional comments.
William D. Johnson:  Thank you and thanks to all of your for joining us on the call. I feel good about our company’s focus, discipline and flexibility in managing through these difficult times for both our customers and the economy. We’re doing all we can to hold down rising costs to our customers while maintaining reliable service and implementing federal and state energy policies and also continuing to deliver on our commitment to investors. So we appreciate your interest in our company. We look forward to seeing many of you on the 27th in New York. Thanks for your participation today.
Operator:  This concludes today’s Progress Energy conference call. Thank you for joining us and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Sean Trauschke - SVP, IR Jim Rogers - Chairman and CEO David Hauser - CFO Marc Manly - Chief Legal Officer 
Analysts:  Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch Greg Gordon - Citigroup Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein Zach Schreiber - Duquesne Capital 
Operator: Welcome to the Duke Energy third quarter Earnings Call. At this time for openings remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Sean Trauschke, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Financial Planning. Please go ahead sir.
Sean Trauschke: Welcome to Duke Energy's third quarter 2008 earnings review. Leading our discussion today are Jim Rogers, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, and David Hauser, Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer. Given the current state of the economy we plan to spend a little more time than usual on our prepared remarks. In addition to the normal discussion on the quarter's results, we will also update you on our liquidity and credit positions, as well as discuss our regulatory initiatives. I would like to remind you that we will be at the EEI Financial Conference next week in Phoenix, Arizona, and we have our Analyst Meeting, November 21, in New York City. So, we look forward to seeing you at both of those events. After our prepared remarks, we'll open up for your questions. Before we begin, let me take a moment to remind you that some of the things we'll discuss today concern future company performance and include forward-looking statements within the meanings of the Securities Laws. Actual results may materially differ from those discussed in these forward-looking statements and you should refer to the additional information contained in Duke Energy's 2007 Form 10-K filed with the SEC, and our other SEC filings, concerning factors that could cause those results to be different than contemplated in today's discussion. In addition, today's discussion includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, as defined under SEC Regulation G. A reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available at our Investor Relations website at www.duke-energy.com. As a reminder, prior to the first quarter 2008, we presented ongoing earnings, which excluded the impacts of special items and discontinued operations. Like the first and second quarters, today we are reporting adjusted earnings, which exclude mark-to-market impacts of the economic hedges in the Commercial Power segment, as well as special items and discontinued operations. With that, I will turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Rogers: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Most importantly, thank you for your interest and investment in Duke Energy. As we said, in our earnings news release this morning, we reported adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.33 for the third quarter of 2008 versus $0.45 in the third quarter last year. We are disappointed that we didn't meet or exceed the prior year's quarterly results. Before I talk about the third quarter, and our credit and liquidity position, I want to focus on what this means for achieving our 2008 employee incentive target of $1.27 of adjusted diluted earnings per share. Let me start by discussing the performance of our businesses. Most importantly, our core energy businesses are performing well and are ahead of plan through the third quarter. Our largest business segment, US Franchised Electric and Gas, is slightly behind plan year-to-date, but this is still a strong performance for this segment in light of two facts. First, we had the worst storm in the history of our company in the Midwest, which adversely impacted third quarter earnings per share by about $0.025. Second, we experienced a reduction in our sales due to the weakening economy in the third quarter. We expect this slowing in sales to continue through the fourth quarter. It is also important to note, that unlike other companies, in other sectors in a recession, we do not experience a precipitous drop in sales, but rather a gradual slowing in the demand for electricity. For instance, it was clear to us that many of our existing customers were using less electricity in the third quarter, yet we have added about 46,000 new customers since the prior third quarter. It is also important to note, both Commercial Power and DEI are ahead of our plan year to date on an adjusted segment EBIT basis. As I mentioned earlier, when combined with FE&G we are exceeding were we planned to be at the end of the third quarter, but even with this strong performance by our core energy businesses year-to-date, we are no longer on track to achieve our employee incentive target for 2008 of $1.27 of adjusted diluted earnings per share. In fact, we are about $0.05 behind on our plan at September 30th. We are off-track for two primary reasons. First, Crescent has been adversely impact by the downturn in the real-estate market. And second, we have experienced a reduction in our electricity sales for the third quarter. Given the current state of the economy, and no contribution from Crescent in the fourth quarter, we do not believe we will be able to make this $0.05 up in the fourth quarter. Consequently, we do not expect to achieve our employee incentive target of $1.27 by year end. As a reminder, the minimum payout under our annual incentive plan is $1.20 of adjusted diluted earnings per share. We are focused on meeting or exceeding that target. I am meeting with all employees, after this meeting, to discuss how we're going to do it. On November 21st, we will address our capital program and project earnings growth for the period 2009 through 2013. Earlier next year we will announce our employee incentive target for 2009. Now, I will address third quarter 2008, as compared to third quarter, 2007. The difference in adjusted diluted earnings between the two quarters was driven primarily by one factor; significant weather-related impacts, particularly in the Franchised Electric and Gas segment. These impacts adversely impacted our adjusted diluted earnings per share by approximately $0.08. Two examples of the weather-related impacts are, last year we had record setting hot weather in our Franchised Electric business. This year the weather was more normal. In September, we had the Midwest storm, I described earlier. It resulted in increased storm restoration costs, as well as lost revenue from sustained outages. Turning to reported diluted earnings, the difference between adjusted and reported earnings in this year's third quarter was primarily driven by three non-cash items. These three items adversely impacted our reported diluted earnings per share by about $0.15, but they nod impact on our cash position at the end of the third quarter. They are mark-to-market adjustments at Commercial Power, an impairment on emission allowances due to the invalidation of the Clean Air Interstate Rule, or CAIR and real estate project impairments at Crescent. David will discuss all of these items in greater detail in a few minutes. Due to the significant impact of Crescent on our results, I would like to take a few minutes to comment on Crescent. As you may remember, we sold about 49% of this real estate business in 2006. This transaction produced approximately $1.6 billion in cash to Duke Energy when we closed. Year-to-date, we have taken impairment charges totaling $214 million. Aside from the year-to-date impairments at Crescent, which are approximately $0.10, Crescent has a year-to-date adjusted segment EBIT loss of approximately $16 million. We do not expect any contribution from Crescent in the fourth quarter. Therefore, on an adjusted EBIT basis, we expect an approximate $0.04 variance to the $75 million adjusted EBIT contribution we expected in our plan for 2008. If there's any good news in the impairment charge of $114 million we took this quarter, it is that now we have a zero basis in Crescent, and it had no impact on our cash position. Before I turn it over to David, let me give you an overview of how we're handling our capital program. In preparation for 2009, we have taken several decisive actions on the assumption that we will still be in a recession during the year. The credit markets will remain challenging. Whether the recession will be a two or three-quarter event, which is the type of recession that we have experienced over the past 25 years, or a four to six-quarter recession, which is similar to the last one we had in 1980 and the years before, is not clear at this time. We are planning for both scenarios, among others. Despite our third quarter results, our cash from operations is on track with our 2008 plan. With respect to our 2008 CapEx plan, we expect to spend at least $200 million less this year, as we look to 2009, we believe sales growth will be anemic, but cash from operations will continue to be solid. Now, let me describe the actions we have taken. First, we have reprioritized our routine capital projects in Franchised Electric and have deferred and delayed some of these projects beyond 2009. As you all know, some of our capital expenditures for our regulated business can be deferred from time to time, however, even these are ultimately non discretionary. Second, we are delaying by a year the start of construction on our Buck combined cycle natural gas plant in the Carolinas. We are compressing the construction schedule of our Dan River combined cycle unit. Both of these plants would come on-line in 2012. We need these plants to meet the projected growth on our system in the 2012 timeframe and delaying the Buck unit won't affect our ability to meet future demand. Thirdly, we continue to make progress on our two new base-load power plants, Edwardsport in Indiana, and Cliffside in North Carolina. Most importantly, both of these plants provide us an opportunity to begin cash recovery of financing costs, before the plants are fully constructed and put in service. Assuming we receive a favorable order from the Indiana Commission this year, we will have current recovery of financing costs associated with our construction work in progress on Edwardsport. On Cliffside, in our next general rate case proceeding in North Carolina, we have the opportunity to recover the North Carolina allocable portion of finance costs associated with construction work in progress for investments made up to the hearing date for that proceeding. Finally, I would say we have the ability to make further capital spending adjustments if the credit markets don't continue to solve. From a financial perspective, we plan to issue shares through our dividend reinvestment plan and other internal plans through the end of 2009. This will generate approximately $450 million in additional cash. As a consequence of these actions, we don't need to issue holdco debt in 2009, and we expect to finance our CapEx plan by issuing debt at the operating company level, where we are Single A Issuer. We don't know how long we will be in these tight credit markets, therefore, we are preserving and expanding our operational and financial flexibility. With these actions and our strong balance sheet, one of the strongest in our industry, we are well positioned and prepared to change or adapt to meet the challenges that may come during this period of uncertainty. With that, let me turn it over to David to discuss in more detail the quarter.
David Hauser: Thank you, Jim. I will begin reviewing our business segment results with our largest business segment, US Franchised Electric and Gas. The segment reported third quarter, 2008, EBIT from continuing operations of $726 million. A decrease of $34 million when compared to last year's third quarter. The year-over-year decline in segment EBIT was primarily driven by weather-related impacts, totaling approximately $163 million. When compared with last year's record setting above-normal weather, we experienced a negative weather impact of approximately $111 million. That's a large variance, but you will recall that in the Carolinas, the number of cooling degree days was the highest ever recorded in both August and September of 2007. In the Midwest, August 2007, was the hottest on record in Cincinnati. The segment's results were also reduced by approximately $52 million, as a result of storm restoration costs, in the Midwest, including lost revenue from sustained outages. These weather-related impacts were partially offset by approximately $41 million of rate increases in Ohio and Indiana. The rate increase in Ohio was mostly due to a natural gas base rate increase in June. In Indiana the increase is primarily due to recovery of our qualifying pollution control calls through a rider. This segment also benefited from an approximate $23 million increase in wholesale and bulk power marketing results, net of sharing, as well as a $19 million increase in equity AFUDC. Our increased bulk power marketing results demonstrates our ability to seize opportunities to sell our excess generation when available. Equity AFUDC contributed $35 million in the third quarter of 2008. Now, let me discuss a few items we have mentioned in previous quarters that continue to impact our quarter-over-quarter results. The segment's results included a $52 million net reduction in retail rates in North Carolina as a result of last year's rate review. This reduction includes the offsetting impact of $27 million in rates related to the 12-month incremental rider of $80 million that began in January 2008 to provide for sharing of the merger savings. It's important to remember that the decrease in rates in North Carolina, excluding the impact of the incremental rider for merger savings, is mitigated by the elimination of our clean air amortization. In the third quarter of 2007, we recorded amortization for North Carolina's clean air program of approximately $75 million. Finally, our customer base continues to grow in both the Carolinas and the Midwest, but at a lower growth rate than we expected in our original plan. On average, we added 46,000 customers during the 12 months ended September, 2008. However, offsetting this growth in customers has been a decline in our kilowatt hour sales per residential customer, which have been affected by the current economy. The Carolinas have experienced continued decline in the textile industry, while the commercial sectors continue to grow. Next, I will review Commercial Power. For the quarter, Commercial Power reported adjusted segment EBIT of $93 million from continuing operations, compared to $159 million in the third quarter of 2007. The decrease in Commercial Power's results was due to the following drivers. First, a $69 million impact caused by the timing of recovery of fuel and purchase power costs under the RFP in Ohio. Bear in mind that our Ohio generation is not subject to regulatory accounting treatment. Consequently, the results for Commercial Power are subject to volatility due to the over or under collection of fuel and purchase power costs. Of the $69 million impact, approximately $26 million is related to under-collections in 2008 that are expected to be collected by the end of this year. The remainder represents over-collections that occurred during 2007, which have been subsequently refunded. Next, our Midwest gas assets contributed $18 million less than in the prior year, primarily due to $15 million in bad debt reserves recorded on power sales to Lehman Brothers. In other words, Lehman was unable to pay for power that we delivered to them. Commercial Power does not have any other exposure to Lehman. Lastly, milder weather had a $9 million unfavorable impact to native margins. Partially offsetting these variances were lower purchase accounting expenses of $19 million. Now, let me discuss each of the two adjustments to Commercial Power's reported segment EBIT. It's important to highlight that both of these are adjustments are non-cash items. The first adjustment was the mark-to-market impact of economic hedges. For the third quarter of 2008 the mark-to-market impact of economic hedges was a $119 million loss. As may recall, we recorded gains earlier this year as coal and power prices increased, and now as they are declining, we have recorded losses. On a year-to-date basis the net mark-to-market impact of economic hedges is a $35 million gain. The second adjustment was an $82 million emission allowance impairment due to the invalidation of CAIR in the Federal Courts. The court ruling effectively reduces the number of emission allowances required for compliance with EPA standards for all years after 2009. And market prices of these allowances dropped accordingly. Duke, in the acquisition of Cinergy, wrote-up the basis of the Cinergy emission allowances to the April 2006 market prices. The non-cash impairment of $82 million represents the loss in market value of the emission allowances no longer required for compliance. Now, let's turn to our international business. For the third quarter of 2008, Duke Energy International reported adjusted segment EBIT from continuing operations of approximately $77 million, a decrease of $15 million when compared to last year's third quarter. The decrease in DEI's results was primarily driven by lower results in Peru, due to unfavorable hydrology and lower prices. In addition, results in our Central American operations were lower primarily to reduced plant dispatch as a result of hydrology. Finally, our Central American results were also affected by write-offs of spare parts and fuel inventory. These negative drivers were partially offset by an improvement in our Brazil results due to increased demand and higher contracted prices. Additionally, DEI recognized higher results in National Methanol and favorable average foreign exchange rate for the quarter. Remember, the earnings impact from changes in foreign exchange rates is reduced by the corresponding affect on interest expense of local currency Brazilian debt. You may be wondering about the impact of the recent devaluation of the Brazilian currency on Duke Energy. As a rule of thumb, the impact of a 10% devaluation in the Brazilian currency exchange rates would be about a $0.01 to annual earnings. Next up is Crescent Resources. Crescent experienced another tough quarter due to the downturn of the real-estate and credit markets, and frankly, we don't see the earnings prospect for Crescent turning around any time in the near future. During the quarter Crescent recorded additional non-cash impairment charges due to the continued implementation of its revised business strategy. As we told you in last quarter's earnings call, Crescent restructured the terms of its long-term debt obligations in June. That led to a Management decision to revise its business strategy which resulted in plans to accelerate the sale of certain properties. Consequently, as the revised business strategy was deployed, and the real estate and credit market continued to deteriorate, Crescent recorded impairment charges on assets in the second and third quarters. Our proportionate share of the impairment charges for the third quarter is approximately $114 million. Consistent with the second quarter, we again consider them to be a special item and have excluded them from the segment's adjusted equity earnings. Crescent reported a $10 million adjusted equity earnings loss for the third quarter, 2008, compared to a $10 million in positive adjusted equity earnings in the prior year's quarter. Lower current year results reflect decreased residential and commercial sales. Let me put our exposure to Crescent in perspective for you. As of September 30th, 2008, Duke Energy has a zero book basis in its investment in Crescent. We will not recognize any future Crescent operating losses as long as our investment balance is at zero. Also, Crescent's debt is non-recourse to Duke Energy. We continue to be a named guarantor on surety bonds and letters-of-credit related to projects at Crescent that were in progress at the time of the creation of the joint-venture in September 2006. These sureties and letters-of-credit, which total approximately $120 million, relate to performance guarantees, and we will only be called upon to perform, if Crescent fails to do so. In fact, Crescent has already completed a substantial portion of its obligations under these commitments. With that, I will move on to our other categories, which primarily includes costs associated with corporate governance, and Duke Energy's captive insurance company. Other reported a third quarter, 2008, adjusted net expense from continuing operations of $60 million, compared to $49 million in the third quarter 2007. The increase was due primarily to favorable captive insurance results in the third quarter of 2007. Next, I will turn to a few important non-operating items. Interest expense for the three months ended September 30th, 2008, was $176 million, compared to $177 million during the same period in 2007. The impact of higher debt balances was offset by increased capitalized interest and lower average short-term interest rates during the quarter. Capitalized interest, including AFUDC debt, was approximately $26 million during the quarter as compared to $18 million in the same period last year. This increase was principally the result of the capital expenditure program. Interest income and other was $24 million during the quarter, as compared to $73 million in the same period last year. The decrease is primarily due to prior year interest income related to a Federal tax settlement. Additionally, the effective tax rate for the quarter was approximately 38%, compared to 35% for the same period last year. The increased effective tax rate was primarily due to the annual true-up of the prior year tax returns during the quarter. Year-to-date the effective tax rate was about 34%, compared to 33% in 2007. We currently expect the effective tax rate will be roughly 34% for 2008. Given the current credit crunch, I am going to discuss our overall credit and liquidity situation in a little more detail than I usually do on our earnings calls. Our liquidity remains strong. Our total available liquidity was approximately $2.2 billion at September 30th, 2008. We have taken steps to maintain sufficient liquidity, and we are focused on maintaining liquidity in 2009 and beyond, should the current period of financial market uncertainty become extended. We drew down approximately $1 billion on September 30th under our $3.2 billion master credit facility that expires in June 2012. We value preserving liquidity. And in light of the uncertain market environment, we made this proactive financial decision to bridge our access to the debt capital markets. The interest rate for borrowings under the master credit facility is tied to the bank prime rate, which is currently 4% and was 5% at the time of the drawdown. Furthermore, our exposure to the failure of a single financial institution is minimized under the master credit facility as there are over 20 participating institutions in the facility. One of those institutions was Lehman Brothers who as of September 30th, had $100 million commitment under the facility. As a result of Lehman's bankruptcy filing, $37 million of their commitment had subsequently been assigned to another financial institution, while the remaining $63 million has been terminated. Additionally, as of September 30th, 2008, we have cash, cash' equivalents and short-term investments of approximately $1.6 billion, which excludes approximately $500 million held in foreign jurisdictions. During this recent crisis, we have maintained access to the commercial paper markets. However, commercial paper is being placed at higher interest rates and shorter tenures. At September 30th, we had total commercial paper programs of $2.2 billion. Approximately $1.1 billion of commercial paper was outstanding as of September 30th, with an average rate of 5.32% and at average maturity of 5.1 days. During October the tenure of commercial paper issuances has begun to increase. Our commercial paper had an average maturity of 10 days at October 31st. In light of the current focus on liquidity and capital markets, we wanted to share our planned level of capital expenditures for 2009. Our present plan is to invest approximately $4.7 billion, which is comparable to the estimate for 2009, we shared with you at our Analyst Meeting in September 2007. As the year has progressed our estimates and assumptions for 2009 have evolved. Jim discussed a few CapEx deferral decisions we have made. Offsetting those deferrals is an assumption change. Last year, we had assumed a wind joint-venture in 2009. Our updated assumptions for 2009 do not assume a wind joint-venture. As we've been establishing our capital plan for 2009, our focus has been on liquidity and protecting our balance sheet, while also preserving opportunities for growth. We plan to accelerate our DRIP and internal plan equity issuance, and through 2009 this will generate approximately $450 million. We had originally expected to do this beginning in 2010. Our original intention to limit equity issuances using these internal plans to approximately $600 million over the five-year planning period has not changed. From now until the end of 2009, we only need debt issuances of approximately $2 billion. Further, our scheduled debt maturities are approximately $700 million in 2009 and $1 billion in 2010. We believe utility operating subsidiaries will continue to be able to issue debt. However, these issuances will come at an increased cost. On the other hand, holding company debt financings will most likely be challenging to accomplish and could remain that way throughout 2009. We do not need to issue holdco debt in 2009. We will provide more details around our five-year business plan, including our planned capital expenditures on November 21st. With that, I will turn the call back over to Jim for an update on our regulatory activities.
Jim Rogers: Thank you, David. First, I will update you on our electric security plan for Ohio, which we filed in July. We're pleased to report that we reached a settlement agreement, subject to commission approval, on our ESP last week for a three-year term from January '09, through December 2011. Rates are effective January 1st, 2009. The average annual increase is 2% in 2009 and 10, and 1.2% in 2011. These increases are net of the impact of the expiring regulatory transition charges for residential at the end of 2008 and nonresidential at the end of 2010. The agreement is structured to minimize price increases and volatility for our customers and it provides a reasonable revenue stream. It includes provisions to meet Ohio's new renewable energy portfolio standard and provides tracking mechanisms for the installation of smart grid technology, as well as for cost recovery for our save-a-watt energy efficiency plan. The agreement allows our Midwest gas-fired plants to be sold to a third party, as well as to an affiliated company, but our Midwest coal assets, currently dedicated to serving Ohio customers, will not be transferred. We have an evidentiary hearing on Monday and we're hopeful of a commission order by year end. Now, I will update you on our save-a-watt model. In Ohio our save-a-watt plan was included in our ESP. The agreement on the ESP replaces the existing energy efficiency program with the new save-a-watt model. It will compensate us based on the success of our energy efficiency programs. Under this proposed agreement, the company is paid a percentage of the cost avoided by not having to build new generation facilities. It rewards utilities based on performance against targets that are outlined in a state mandate rather than target set by the utility. Ohio is unique among our jurisdictions, because of its energy efficiency requirement of 22% of energy cells by 2025. The save-a-watt agreement in Ohio represents the breakthrough milestone we needed in our efforts to make our communities the most energy efficient in the world. Our save-a-watt approach has growing support from the environmental community, in Ohio, Sierra Club and the Natural Resource Defense Counsel were instrumental players in helping us reach the agreement on our proposal. Let me quickly update you on where we are with save-a-watt in our other jurisdictions. In Indiana, we reached a constructive settlement in principle on our plan with the Indiana Utility Consumer Counselor. We filed our proposed settlement with the commission in August. On Monday of this week, we filed a settlement with three major intervenors. Nucor, Steel Dynamics, and Kroger with the commission. We have an evidentiary hearing later this month in which I plan to testify and we are hopeful of a decision by year end. In North Carolina, where we had hearings in August, we filed a brief in our proposed order last month. We still hope for an order before year end. In South Carolina, we have a settlement with all intervenors, except environmental groups. We are hopeful that the commission closes the docket and requests briefs and proposed orders by year end. In Kentucky, we are finalizing our save-a-watt testimony and petition, and we plan to file them on November 17th. To conclude, as you can see, given the current uncertainty in the economy and the financial markets, we are taking proactive steps to ensure steady progress on our capital and regulatory initiatives. We believe, we've positioned Duke Energy to weather this current economic downturn, whether it's relatively short or becomes a prolonged recession. We are committed to our dividend. In fact, our Board of Directors declared the fourth quarter dividend last week. We have paid our dividend for 82 consecutive years. 20 years ago, last month, I started my career as a Utility CEO with a company that is now Duke Energy Indiana. One of my first actions was reinstating the dividend for the company that hired me. Throughout my career, we have paid dividends every quarter. Finally, our strong balance sheet gives us significant financial flexibility to change and to adapt as needed. As I noted earlier, on November 21st, we will give you a snapshot of our five-year capital spending and earnings growth expectations from 2009 to 2013. Other members of our Management team will update you on our regulatory and growth initiatives. We will also have a panel with the Chairman of three of our state utility regulatory commissions. They will be there to answer your questions. This will give you a good opportunity to hear firsthand their views on utility ROEs, renewables, energy efficiency, reliability, and the other key issues. We hope to see all of you out there. With that, let's open the lines, so that David and I can take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We'll take our first question from Jonathan Arnold with Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Good morning, guys.
Jim Rogers: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: I'd just like to clarify some of the things you said on CapEx. I believe there were a number of deferred items for this year of about $200 million. Did I hear that correctly?
Jim Rogers: Our expectation is at least $200 million of CapEx from '08 we will not spend.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: And is that just because you will spend it later or are the things you're just not going to do?
David Hauser: Well, we had told you number in February, of little over $5 billion in CapEx, so what we're saying is that it will be at least $200 million below that in '08, and then we're telling you in '09 that it's $4.7 billion, and that's a combination of two things. Its some deferrals associated with the electric business, but then that's an assumption. We had an assumption before that we had a wind JV, and we do not have that assumption any more. So that makes expenditures appear larger for wind in that $4.7 billion.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: And this $4.7 billion was the original estimate for '09, so those numbers obviously are roughly equal?
David Hauser: That's true. That's coincidence, but that's true.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: What was the rough scope of the deferral and the wind JV pieces?
David Hauser: I'd look at this as $400 million on each side.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Then you've said you are going to revisit this on the 21st. Is this what you are telling us in '09 basically what you are going to tell us then about '09 and you will you revisit the subsequent years, or is this '09 also subject to revision later in the month?
Jim Rogers: No, the '09 number is what we're going to tell you on November 21st, and it is the remaining four years that we will present to you at that time, but there will be no change in the $4.7 billion number that we have told you today.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: So what you are already telling us today about '09 is that will you do, say, $450 million rather than maybe a couple hundred million of DRIP, and hence you're bringing down your debt financing requirement by maybe $200 million to $250 million?
David Hauser: I don't think that's exactly the right math. We are doing DRIP for about $450 million, but we had no DRIP in our prior plan in '09. So that would reduce debt by $450 million.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: I'm looking at my assumption not what you said. Thank you very much, Dave.
Jim Rogers: Thank you, Jonathan.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Greg Gordon with Citigroup.
Jim Rogers: Welcome, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thank you. Couple of questions. Not to beat a dead horse, but you had given a $4.7 billion budget for '09, but you had also indicated subsequent to that that IGCC at Edwardsport was just going to be $600 million over budget. So I have pro-forma more like adds $4.8 billion number for '09 ?net of that Edwardsport statement that you had made. So are you telling us that you are going to be able to manage down back to the $4.7 billion number taking into account the Edwardsport cost increase?
Jim Rogers: Yes. What we're basically saying, and I think the number was roughly $350 million over our original estimate, and as we recalibrate, we have managed to include that and to stay on track with the Edwardsport construction project.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Great. Then you take $200 million out of the CapEx this year, you substitute $400 million or $450 million of parent financing, debt financing for equity, so I can see how the math would allow you to get pretty close to eliminating the need for parent financing, just looking at that $750 million delta, plus the reduction in the CapEx. Is that the right way of thinking about it?
Jim Rogers: That is exactly the right way. Our whole plan was to eliminate the need for holdco financing. If the markets open and pricing is good we would certainly access it, but our plan is, we don't have to.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Great. Thank you. Second question. You gave the rule of thumb on the real. It really didn't move aggressively against you until after the close of the books in the third quarter. I'm looking at a rough graph here, so please correct me if I'm wrong, but does it look like if the real has moved 20% to 30% against you in the fourth quarter, so you'd have a $0.03 head wind on currency in the fourth quarter?
David Hauser: No. The $0.01 that I gave is an annualized number. So if it moved against us 10% in the fourth quarter, you take $0.0025.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great, thanks. My next question is, I know that you've had strong performance from your 25% investment in the National Methanol business, which is contain-owned with Sabic. That business from my understanding manufactures and sells MTBE, revenues should be correlated to the gasoline price. Could you tell us what your expectation is, whether earnings comparisons will be meaningfully down in '09 versus '08, just because of how much fossil fuels have declined?
David Hauser: That entity does two things. It sells methanol and it sells MTBE, and the correlations with oil, and with gasoline are pretty soft. So, we've never gone into detail of how much money National Methanol makes and I don't think we're going to dig into this segment at this point.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Jim Rogers: Thank you very much, Greg.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Nathan Judge with Atlantic Equities.
Jim Rogers: Welcome, Nathan.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Thank you. Just to clarify on the DRIP. You said that your original expectation was for $200 million for $600 million in total starting in 2010, and that remains the same, although, it sounds like the DRIP of $450 million in '09, if the timing has changed. Do I have that right?
Jim Rogers: Right. Let me say it again in my words to make sure we're perfect, and we are communicating clearly. In our original five-year plan that we gave you in September, we said that we could handle that $23 billion plan with only issuing $600 million of equity through the DRIP. We haven't changed that assumption. All we have done is change the timing in the original plan we weren't going to turn the DRIP on until '10 and what we are doing is turning it on now, but we haven't changed with respect to the $600 million number.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: This CapEx review of 2009 on later in the month, during the analyst day, it's not clear whether or not you are going to redo a larger review of your total $27 billion that you plan to spend our five years. Are you looking at further years or not?
Jim Rogers: What we have done is, remember the number was roughly $23 billion for the five-year period ending in '12, and what we are going to give you is the five-year period '09 through '13. Basically, given where we are today, our current projection is, is that five-year number is roughly in the same zip code as the one that we gave you in September of '07.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: So given the slowdown in the economy, given some of recessionary approaches it doesn't sound like there's been much of a dramatic change. I'm asking more about the flexibility around that contain post 2009. What variability and what kind of latitude do you have on that number?
Jim Rogers: That's a very good question. We have spent a remarkable amount of time looking at our operational and financial flexibility, and we have really been through all our major projects. For instance, with respect to our base-load plants, it's been our judgment, particularly given the fact that we get cash quip with both of them, that to keep those plants going full speed, no slowdown in the CapEx, in the construction with respect to those two plants. With respect to some of our routine maintenance on our franchised and electric business, some of our projects we can move into the out years, and we have done some of that. We have further flexibility around these individual projects, but there are thousands of projects and we didn't look at all of them. We looked at many of them in terms of making our decisions about how to do this. At the end of the day, there is nothing that's really discretionary in your regulated business. You might move it out a year or two years or three years, but eventually you have to reinvest in your assets. We obviously, with respect to our wind investments, we have flexibility there, but the tension is with our ability to grow earnings. So again, what we have been solving for over the last two months is to build a way forward, build a plan that gives us maximum operational and financial flexibility, all of this being done with the assumption that it's unclear now, whether this recession will be a two to three-quarter, what I'd call a V-recession, which for the last 25 years, they've all been two to three-quarter recessions, or whether, it's going to be a four to six-quarter recession, what I would call a U recession, and we haven't had one of those since 1980. And we don't know, whether or not, we're tacking in that direction, but I would say this, one of the things our research has shown us, that in all the prolonged longer recessions, there is a huge snap back in the demand for electricity at the end of a prolonged recession. We looked at the recessions prior to 1980, and what we saw, there was a huge rebound. So, in our planning, we're very sensitive to that, and we want to make sure, since our job is to have affordable, reliable electricity 24/7 that we're planning in a way to deal with that possibility.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Thank you very much.
Jim Rogers: Thank you, Nathan.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Jim Rogers: Paul, welcome.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Just to sort of change tracks here, the ESP settlement in Ohio, one of the more interesting elements of that was the 15% ROE cap. I was wondering if you could say how that came about. Was that just part of the give and take in terms of negotiations, or is it basically your leading of the legislation that PUCO would have come to a similar determination if it was a litigated case what have you? Any thought process on that? Want to touch base with us?
Jim Rogers: This was just a give-and-take negotiation. One of the important things, we spent a lot of time trading this and we looked at other parts of the package, and we agreed to this in the context of other aspects of the settlement. The actual ROE adjustment excludes purchase accounting and goodwill. It excludes mark-to-market accounting; it excludes material nonrecurring gains and losses. So, we worked very carefully to structure it in a way that we believe makes sense, and we're very comfortable with this provision. Our comfort is because of our comfort with other aspects of the settlement.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Great. Then just finally on Crescent, do I understand right that we're basically going to see, and this is going to be a very small part of the business going forward, you guys don't expect to see much coming out of it or much of a hit from it, and that most of the $120 million performance guarantees that you theoretically might be on the hook for, but other than that we're pretty much, Crescent is going to fade away.
David Hauser: I think you said it. You said it exactly right, until the real-estate markets turn, which we hope it happens at some point.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Hugh Wynne with Stanford Bernstein.
Jim Rogers:  Welcome Hugh. 
Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein: You all are fairly close to Washington, I was wondering whether you might give us a bit insight into what this change in administration might mean for some of the large pending environmental issues that are of relevance to coal-fired firms like your own. I'm thinking of the fact that the appellate court had overturned the Clean Air Interstate Rule and the Clean Air Mercury Rule and regulations issued by the EPA around cooling water intake structures, all of which have important implications for day-to-day operations. Then also looking forward a bit to what the larger democratic majority might mean for CO2. Is there anything you can share with us about the schedule on which some of those issues might be resolved?
Jim Rogers: Sure. I would start out by saying clearly given the change in the Senate and the change in the House, and in the White House, there will be new direction on energy and environmental issues in Washington. We believe that we are in step or maybe a step ahead of where they're headed. Clearly, on climate we have been working that issue very aggressively and supporting climate legislation. We believe the probability of climate legislation in the next session of Congress is very high. The only question is whether to be in '09 or '10. With respect to renewables, that's going to be a key part of any legislation that comes out of Washington, and there, as you know, we've invested in wind with 5,000 megawatts under development. We think that they will be pushing more and more for wind. We think given the credit crunch we're well positioned to take advantage of that market. And we think the margins will actually go up, because so many of the players will not be able to access capital. Secondly, we think there will be a push on solar. As you know we have several innovative proposals now pending hear in North Caroline knew. Energy efficiency will be a center piece in any legislation. We think our save-a-watt that we have been working on for a year and a half puts us in a good place to deal with that and to profit from that emphasis on energy efficiency. There will be greater emphasis on the smart grid and on projects like coal gasification; as well we believe there will be a stronger emphasis on nuclear, because that's the only option that you can generate electricity with zero greenhouse gases. With respect to coal, we feel like the fact that we are in the process of finishing off our two coal units is a good thing. That we've turned dirt and we're building them. We think it will be increasingly difficult to build coal plants. Going forward we think the value of those plants to us will only grow over time, because there's only really two base-load sources of power, and that's coal-plants and nuclear plants, and we all know it takes at least a decade from the time you conceive to the time you turn it on any nuclear plant. So, we feel like that we're positioned to ride the wave. We think, Hugh, in your question on SOx, NOx, mercury, fine particulate, our view there is that new regulations could be tougher, and will be tougher, and we're prepared tore that. It's pretty clear that one of the top priorities, and I've had an opportunity to spend over six hours in the last three to four months talking directly to President-Elect Obama. He understands our country's dependency on coal. He understands the importance of moving forward and addressing energy issues and the climate issue, and my bet, and it's only a bet, is that this will be one of the top three issues this administration addresses in the next 18 months.
Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein: That's very helpful. Top three issues, you mean SOx, NOx, and mercury?
Jim Rogers: No, I mean the top three national issues. The economy, I would say Iraq, and probably energy and climate.
Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein: Energy and climate generally. I see what you are saying. Would you care to make any comment about the ability of Duke's various subsidiaries to pass through increases in pension costs in 2009?
David Hauser: Let me comment on that. If you look at pension costs this year versus next year, you are going to see that the change is not going to be very significant. As a matter of fact, our pension costs this year is about $122 million, and next year our best guess is $10 million increase. So that's the way you ought to think about that. Keep in mind there's a variety of movers. First of all, beginning of this year our plan was very well funded. It's certain not as well funded now. As is everybody's. Also discount rates change next year, and that's an offsetting impact on pension expense.
Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein: Great. Thank you both very much.
Jim Rogers: Thank you. We have time for one more question.
Operator: And our final question today comes from Zach Schreiber with Duquesne Capital.
Jim Rogers: Zach, welcome.
Zach Schreiber - Duquesne Capital: Thank you, Jim. Quick question on CAIR. You folks are in a very important position as it relates to this court case. Wanted to get your take as to what the judge and the en banc panel was getting after, ? when they requested folks' comments on whether or not there be just a remand without vacatur or if vacatur was necessary in light of the court's findings. Wanted to get your take as to where you folks stand on the record as it relates to vacatur or just a remand leaving the current order in effect, pending the EPA's promulgation of any new rules? Also, wanted to discuss the issue of whether or not the court could split the baby in half and partially remand, partially vacate. If they can legally vacate just the SO2 provisions, but remand, leaving in effect the NOx provisions. Whether or not that could legally happen, it's our understanding that would be unusual, precedential. So, basically, bunch of CAIR questions, what's the judge asking, what's the panel asking, what's your position and what is legally possible in this environment?
Jim Rogers: Zach, I'd be delighted to answer that. I would say you've asked the question on the right day, because we will be filing today with the court. Marc Manly, our General Council, is here. I'd like to turn to Mark to start the answer and then I'll wrap on it.
Marc Manly: Zach, we could spend hours on your question and it's clear that you've been following the record. The court issued its ruling in July, I think, and directed the parties today to file briefs as to their positions on the vacatur issue. Our brief, and we're going to be joined by a number of parties and we've been discussing this with a number of the petitioners, that we're going to encourage the court not to vacate the entire rule, but to remand to the EPA for a period of time to adjust its rules to be consistent with the decision of the court. We don't know what other parties are going to do, but that's certainly our position with a coalition of folks.
Zach Schreiber - Duquesne Capital: Are you guys going to request a partial vacatur? You said you're going to request that they not vacate the entire rule, does that mean that you're going to request that they vacate part of the rule? The SO2 provisions? Are you going to request that the split the baby in half?
Marc Manly: No, we're going to request it to be remanded to the EPA for a period of time for the EPA to make amendments and changes to the rule and not have phase one for sure, vacated.
Zach Schreiber - Duquesne Capital: So, you folks are going to basically advise the court, as the victorious party in this court case, that you do not support vacatur of any part of this rule, either in part or in its entirety?
Marc Manly: We will file our brief today, so that brief will correct me if I am wrong on this, but I think you have it right. Our remand will say, remanded EPA for the EPA to fix things in its rule, without the rule being vacated, so the existing rules will stay in place through at least phase one.
Zach Schreiber - Duquesne Capital: Got it, and where do you think other parties are at? It seems like everyone has been sort of keying off you folks, as to what you folks were going to do here. And what do you think the judge way trying to get at by requesting the en banc review. It seems like the judge was trying to look for a graceful way out here, is that your reading as well? Do you think that if folks like yourselves, having won this case, say we don't need vacatur as a remedy here, that the judge and the en banc panel will be differential to those requests or do you think that this is more of an intellectual exercise and they're still going to vacate it?
Marc Manly: Let me correct one thing, the en banc, the EPA requested that the entire court take up the whole issue. As you know, it was a three judge panel that issued its ruling this summer and the EPA has asked that the entire DC Court of Appeals to take up the matter. That's pending before the court. The court, the panel that issued the order asking the petitioners to file briefs today, I think they were trying to sort through what to do with this very important rule and being prudent and cautious and seeing if there is a way out of having the entire rule vacated. For that reason, we think its important, because even though we were successful in our petition, but in a very narrow topic, which was the basis of the allowance allocations, we don't think its appropriate to vacate the entire CAIR rules to get things fixed. Thus, we want it remanded to the EPA during that period to get the more narrow things fixed without throwing out the entire baby with the bath water.
Zach Schreiber - Duquesne Capital: Got it.
Jim Rogers: I would add that I think there are a number of other parties that urged us to take that position, because they do not want to see the CAIR rule completely vacated and I think, this isn't an intellectual exercise by the court in my judgment. I think they now understand the consequences of their decision and are trying to find a way to honor their decision with respect to us, and at the same time keep the rule in effect.
Zach Schreiber - Duquesne Capital: From a practical perspective, phase one, if the court was differential to your request and other parties' requests, assuming that they were in line with yours, phase one would stay in effect pending the promulgation of new rules by the EPA or some legislation possibly overriding this, but phase one would stay in effect?
Marc Manly: That's right and our request for remand and to delay any vacatur is to give the EPA time to up through the end of phase one to make whatever amendments they need to do to pass musters.
Zach Schreiber - Duquesne Capital: And do you think the other SO2 petitioners support unanimously your position on remand and not vacatur and do you think the NOx petitioners support a remand without vacatur?
Marc Manly: The conversations have been fluid. We have a number of people that we are joining with in a brief and today will tell how the other petitioners come in and what they argue.
Zach Schreiber - Duquesne Capital: Would you say that the 1000 pound gorillas are on the side of remand without vacatur, and some of the smaller munis are going to on the side of vacatur and how will the court balance 20,000 megawatts saying just remand it. Is there any weighting that the court is supposed to give based on sort of the emissions intensity of the different petitioners or does each brief count have the same equal standing for the court?
Marc Many: You'll have to ask the court that, but I hope that they go with our advocacy.
Jim Rogers: Zach, I'll tell you this, I pay him a lot of money to be General Council, but that's way above his pay grade to answer that. Thank you for your questions and I hope our answers have been helpful.
Zach Schreiber - Duquesne Capital: Very, Jim, thank you.
Jim Rogers: Sean? Thank you all very much for today and I hope this conversation has been helpful and again, thank you for your interest and your investment in our company and look forward to seeing many of you at EEI and most of you on November 21st. Thank you very much.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's conference. Thank you so much for your attendance and have a great day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: R. Sean Trauschke - Sr. VP, IR and Financial Planning James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and CEO David L. Hauser - Group Executive and CFO
Analysts: Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co. Steven Fleishman - Catapult
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Duke Energy's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks, I'd now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Sean Trauschke. Please go ahead sir.
R. Sean Trauschke - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Financial Planning: Good morning, and welcome to Duke Energy's second quarter 2008 earnings review. Leading our discussion today are Jim Rogers, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Hauser, Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer. Jim will begin today's presentation by providing a general overview of the quarter's results. Then David will provide more detail and context around the quarter's results from each of our businesses. Following David, Jim will update you on some of our major growth and regulatory initiatives. After our prepared remarks, we'll open lines up for your questions. Before we begin, let me take a moment to remind you that some of the things we'll discuss today concern future company performance and includes forward-looking statements within the meanings of the securities laws. Actual results may materially differ from those discussed in these forward-looking statements, and you should refer to the additional information contained in Duke Energy's 2007 Form 10-K filed with the SEC and our other SEC filings concerning factors that could cause those results to be different than contemplated in today's discussion. In addition, today's discussion includes certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined under SEC Regulation G. A reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available on our Investor Relations website at www.duke-energy.com. As a reminder, prior to the first quarter 2008, we presented ongoing earnings, which excluded the impacts of special items and discontinued operations. Like the first quarter, today we're reporting adjusted earnings, which exclude mark-to-market impacts of economic hedges in the Commercial Power segment as well as special items in discontinued operations. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Sean. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Most importantly, thank you for your interest and investment in Duke Energy. We had a solid second quarter. We resolved several pending regulatory uncertainties. We continued our successful pursuit of four major commission approved capital projects. We launched a number of innovative regulatory initiatives and we expanded our wind business. As we said in our earnings news release this morning, we reported adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.27 for the second quarter of 2008, versus $0.24 in the second quarter last year. The increase in adjusted diluted EPS was primarily due to continued strong contributions from each of our two largest businesses; U.S. Franchised Electric and Gas, and our commercial businesses including Duke Energy International. The increase was partially offset by increased interest expense and low results at Crescent, which continues to be impacted by the sluggish real estate market. Current year adjustments to reported earnings include real estate project impairments at Crescent, mark-to-market impact of economic hedges of commercial power and cost to achieve of the synergy merger. With these results, we remain on track to achieve our 2008 employee incentive target of $1.27 of adjusted diluted earnings per share. David will give you more specifics about each segment's results and then I'll update you on our comprehensive approach to meeting our customers' future electricity needs and what will inevitably become a low carbon world. We are turning that comprehensive strategy into action in many different ways. I feel very good about the progress we are making towards our goal of modernizing our fleet and modernizing our grid. I will update you on our recent regulatory activities including our recent ESP filing in Ohio. I will also say a few words about a couple of environmental surprises the courts recently threw at our industry and how we are addressing them. Finally, I'll conclude with a brief discussion about our commercial businesses with the focus on our emerging wind generation business. With that, let me turn it over to David.
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Jim. I'll start my review of our second quarter 2008 results with our largest business segment, U.S. Franchised Electric and Gas. That segment reported second quarter 2008 EBIT of $503 million, an increase of $51 million over last year's second quarter. The quarter-over-quarter improvement in segment EBIT was primarily driven by the conclusion of clean air amortization and the substantial completion of rate credits in 2007 related to the synergy merger. As a result of the 2007 North Carolina rate case, we will no longer amortize our cleaner expenditures. The estimated unamortized expenditures of approximately $800 million will be included in rate base, as they are completed. In the second quarter of 2007, we recorded amortization for North Carolina's clean air program of approximately $56 million. In addition, Franchised Electric and Gas results benefited from rate increases in Ohio and Indiana. The rate increases in Indiana, primarily resulted from recovery of our qualifying pollution control right cost in rights. As you will recall, Indiana allows us to recover quick thin rates, through a rider. The segment's improved results were also driven by an approximate $26 million increase in equity AFUDC, which includes the $18 million impact of our favorable, regulatory ruling in Indiana. Equity AFUDC contributed $44 million in the second quarter of 2008. These positive drivers were partly offset by lower retail rates in North Carolina as a result of last year's rate review. It is important to remember that the decrease in rates in North Carolina is mitigated by the elimination of our clean air amortization that I mentioned earlier. In addition, the segment's positive drivers were somewhat offset by an increase of approximately $35 million in operations and maintenance cost, mostly due to traditional plant generation outages. Other offsets were an increase in depreciation expense and the impact of milder weather. Although weather was slightly above normal during the quarter, it wasn't as strong as the above normal levels that we experienced last year. Although we continue to add customers for all our Franchised Electric and Gas, still lot of our sales are affected by market conditions, including the general decline in the textile industry. Next, I will review Commercial Power. For the quarter, Commercial Power reported adjusted segment EBIT from continuing operations of $128 million, compared to $42 million in the second quarter of 2007. The $86 million increase in Commercial Power's results was due primarily to gains on the sales of emission allowances, lower purchase accounting expenses and improved RSP rider collections. Commercial Power's results also benefited from improved operations, resulting from increased generation due to fewer plant outages, in addition to lower O&M cost. These positive drivers were partially offset by milder weather. A $4 million improvement at our Midwest gas-fired assets also contributed to Commercial Power's improved results. We continue to see improvement in these assets. For the quarter, these plants had adjusted EBIT losses of approximately $1 million. As we've said before, we expect these assets to be EBIT positive on an adjusted basis by 2009. As Sean mentioned earlier, starting with the first quarter of 2008, we began to exclude the mark-to-market impacts of economic hedges in the Commercial Power segment and present adjusted earnings. We believe that by excluding the impact of mark-to-market changes from adjusted earnings until the settlement of these economic hedges, we are better matching the financial impact of the derivatives with the underlying assets. Ultimately, we will recognize the effect of the economic hedges in adjusted earnings, when the contracts settle. Now let's turn to our International business. For the second quarter of 2008, Duke Energy International reported adjusted segment EBIT from continuing operations of approximately $116 million, an increase of $19 million when compared to last year's second quarter. International's improvements were primarily driven by higher results at National Methanol of $14 million and favorable foreign exchange rates of $9 million. Remember, the earnings impact from changes in foreign exchange rates is reduced by the corresponding effect on interest expense of local currency Brazilian debt. Results in Latin America were relatively flat when compared to last year. Next is, Crescent Resources. Given the challenges facing the real estate business it's not surprising that Crescent experienced a tough quarter. During the quarter, Crescent recorded impairment charges. Duke Energy's proportionate share of those impairment charges is approximately $113 million. Before I talk about Crescent's quarterly results, let me first explain how we have recorded those charges. In June, Crescent restructured the terms of its corporate credit facility. That led to a management decision to revive this business strategy, which resulted in accelerating the sales of certain property holdings. Consequently, Crescent recorded impairment charges on those assets. Our proportionate share of those impairment charges is approximately $100 million. And because of the charges resulted from a changing Crescent's business strategy, we consider them to be a special item for the quarter, and have excluded them from the segment's adjusted equity earnings. Crescent also recorded additional impairment charges on joint venture projects, related to its normal business. Our proportional share of those impairment charges is approximately $13 million. Because those charges were the results of Crescent's normal business, we have included them in the segment's adjusted equity earnings for the quarter. As a result of the $13 million of impairment charges, as well as lower residential and commercial sales, the segment reported an $8 million adjusted equity earnings loss for the second quarter of 2008 compared to $17 million in positive adjusted equity earnings in the prior year's quarter. As of June 30th, 2008, Duke Energy's carrying value of its investment in Crescent was approximately $125 million. In addition, I would like to remind you that Crescent debt is non-recourse to Duke Energy. Our other category; primarily includes costs associated with corporate governance and Duke Energy's captive insurance company. Other reported a second quarter of 2008 adjusted net expense from continuing operations of $69 million compared to $42 million in the second quarter of 2007. The increases for the quarter were due to a variety of items, including higher captive insurance losses and increased benefit cost. Now I will turn to few important non-operating items. At the end of the second quarter, we had a net cash balance of almost $800 million, approximately $1.2 billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments offset by about $400 million of short-term commercial paper. And through June 2008, we have issued roughly $2.4 billion in debt. Interest expense for the three months ended June 30th, 2008 increased $35 million compared to the same period in 2007. The increase was due primarily to higher debt balances as well as foreign exchange rate impact on Brazilian development aided debt. Offsetting interest expense was capitalized interest, which was approximately $18 million during the quarter. This amount is consistent with the $19 million of capitalized interest during the same period in 2007. The effective tax rate for the quarter was approximately 33%, compared to 34% for the same period last year. Overall, we are pleased with our financial results for the first half of 2008. However, the third quarter is only the largest contributor to our annual results. We must continue to stay focused on executing our plan during the remainder of the year. With that, I'll turn it back over to Jim.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, David. We are making great progress in our fleet and grid modernization strategies. Let me address the Carolinas first. Construction is well underway on our 800 megawatt Cliffside coal plant in North Carolina. When completed, it will be one of the cleanest, most efficient pulverized coal plants in the U.S. We are addressing ongoing environmental challenges to the plant, which I will discuss in a moment. Not withstanding these challenges, the project is still moving forward and is on target for completion in 2012. Also in June, we received separate CPCNs granting us authorization to build two 620 megawatt combined cycle gas-fired units; one at our Buck station, and the other at our Dan River station. We expect to receive the air permit for the Buck unit by the end of this month, and for the Dan River unit by the end of September. We expect construction to begin on the Buck plant by October. The current plan is to bring the Buck plant online as a peaking plant in 2010 and as a combined cycle unit in 2011. The Dan River plant will be brought on as a peaking plant in 2011 and as a combined cycle unit in 2012. These new stations will enable us to retire older, existing coal-fired units at each site. We further continue to advance our plans to build a new lean nuclear station. We anticipate filing a CPCN in the fourth quarter of this year. Our fleet modernization plans also include a key renewable energy initiative for North Carolina that we launched in June. We proposed a $100 million plan to install solar panels at up to 850 sites, including homes, schools, stores and factories. To implement this Solar Distributed Generation Program, we are asking for approval to install, to own, operate and dispatch the solar panels. This initiative will help us meet the state's renewable and energy efficiency portfolio standard. Also it will enable us to evaluate the role of distributed generation on our system, and gain additional experience in owning and operating renewable energy resources. We filed our testimony for this initiative last month, and hearings are scheduled with the North Carolina Commission, in October. Next, in Indiana, construction is underway at our 670 megawatt Edwardsport IGCC plant. Later this month, the IURC will hold a hearing on our updated cost estimate, which is approximately 18% higher than the amount previously approved. We expect the commission to rule on this later this year. In addition to modernizing our fleet in Indiana, we continue to take significant steps to modernize our grid. You may remember that in May, we filed with the Indiana Commission a request for supportive of program to modernize our power delivery system. Our plan is to install more than 800,000 new digital smart meters over next five years, one, for virtually every hold in business we serve in Indiana. Over time we will complement the smart meters with advanced technology designed to help customer save energy, to bolster system reliability and to improve our customer service. Our plan will seek appropriate regulatory treatment for the cost of implementing the smart grid technology, including appropriate riders for capital expenditures. We will file our testimony later this month with hearings anticipated for next February. Additionally, a similar smart grid plan is part of our ESP filing in Ohio. Further, we plan to file similar initiatives in our other jurisdictions over the next several years. We have smart grid demonstrations underway in the Carolinas, Ohio and Kentucky. And we have already installed in total nearly 15,000 smart meters in those states. Next, let me update you on some of our key regulatory initiatives. First, our energy efficiency or more specifically, our Save-a-Watt filings. We are advancing plans in each of our five states to implement our Save-a-Watt model. As you all remember, this model is designed to place energy efficiency investments on a level playing field with new power plant investments. Our plan offers our investors a fair return on efficiency, while delivering cost savings to our customers. The Save-a-Watt hearing began in North Carolina last week and I plan to testify later this month. Last week, in Indiana, we reached a constructive settlement in principle with the Indiana Utility Consumer Counselor, on our Save-a-Watt proposal. We will formalize and file this settlement with the IURC by August of 15th. In the mean time, we plan to discuss this settlement with other interveners. Ultimately, this settlement will be presented to the Indiana Commission in an evidentiary hearing in the fall. And as you all also may remember, we have a settlement now pending before the South Carolina Commission and we expect a decision later this year. Let me now turn to Ohio. Last month, the commission approved a settlement agreement for an increase of $18.2 million or 3% in our Ohio natural gas base rates. The agreement permits continued recovery of cost for our accelerated main replacement program. And last week, we filed an application to increase our annual T&D revenues in Ohio by $86 million or approximately a 5% overall increase. We will file our testimony in a few weeks and we would expect a commission order in the second quarter of 2009. Now, I will update you on our Electric Security Plan, the filing we made in Ohio just last Thursday. Our ESP covers aspects of both generation and transmission and distribution. Our plan will allow us to provide reliable electric generation service, and to maintain competitive, predictable pricing for our Ohio customers. Our plans spans three years from January 1, 2009 to December 31st, 2011. The initial ESP request would result in an increase of 6.2% in total annual electric revenues. The increase reflects; one, inflationary increases to our base generation price, which has been frozen since 1993. And two, market compensation for dedicating our generation assets to serve our Ohio customers. Even with this increase, our rates under the ESP will remain at or close to the national average. On the comparative basis, our proposed increases are less than the ones proposed by First Energy and AEP. Our ESP achieves two major goals. First, it continues our existing riders and proposes new riders to cover the costs of modernizing our generation assets and to develop our smart grid and energy efficiency progress. Second, it includes plans to meet new mandated targets for renewable energy and energy efficiency. To prepare for this, you may remember that in June we issued an RFP for renewable generation capacity during the ESP terms. In anticipation of our ESP filing, last week you also saw that we issued an RFP for up to 1400 megawatts of peaking and our intermediate generating assets or long term purchase prior agreements that can be recovered under the new law. I just want to take a moment and thank the entire Duke Energy Ohio team for all the work that went into our ESP filing and our two RFPs. Now, an environmental update. As I mentioned earlier, the DC Circuit court has thrown the industry a couple of environmental curve balls in the past few months. I will now spend a few moments discussing these developments and how we are addressing them. First of all, earlier this year, the DC Circuit threw out the EPA's clean air mercury rule; overall we don't believe this decision had any immediate impact on our coal plant operation. However, certain environmental groups in North Carolina have used the DC Circuit's ruling to initiate a challenge to our Cliffside coal plant air permit. Specifically, they are contending that the State of North Carolina should have required us to perform a maximum achievement control technology or MAC assessment before the air permit could be issued. Not surprisingly, they have asked a federal court to halt the construction of the project. We are vigorously defending this challenge to our permit, because it is based on a court decision that occurred after our permit was issued. Nevertheless, we have also taken the additional step of voluntarily performing a MAC assessment to demonstrate that our plant will already have some of the lowest mercury emissions than any coal plant in nation, and additional controls would not be cost effective or prudent. That assessment has been submitted to the North Carolina Department of Environment and Natural Resources. We don't believe any of these changes will change our course of action and construction continues to move forward even as we speak. The DC Circuit's second curved ball came about three weeks ago when it threw out EPA's clean air interstate rule or CAIR. First, I want to say, that although Duke was one of the many parties seeking judicial review of this rule, our challenge to rule was narrow and was not the basis for the court's invalidation of the entire set of CAIR rules. The court's decision to vacate CAIR has created some confusion and some uncertainty in the industry, as to what individual company's compliance obligations are in the absence of the rule. Our judgment is that even though the rule has been vacated, there will eventually be a new CAIR rule and it could be tougher and more stringent than the one the court threw out. In the mean time, we plan to operate our environmental equipment much like we were before the rule was thrown out. But we will do so in close consultation with our state utility regulators, so that they fully understand, and are comfortable with how we are operating this equipment during this period of uncertainty. Now let me turn to our commercial businesses. As you may recall, this business has three major components; Midwest generation, wind regeneration and international. I am going to focus primarily on wind regeneration as that's where most of the recent activity has been. Almost a year ago, we acquired a wind development business and since then we have seen fuel prices continue to rise, and public support of low carbon generation such as wind grow. Also, we are beginning to see significant transmission investment authorized to support wind energy in key regions of the country. This continues to strengthen our belief that renewables and specifically wind will play growing role in the generation mix in the U.S. In May, we announced the acquisition of Paramount, to further the growth in our wind business. When we close this transaction later this year, we will be a co-owner of the Sweetwater projects in Texas, which is one of the largest wind projects in the world. In addition, we will develop... we will add a highly experienced team of wind energy developers, and operators to our current team. Our combined wind platform will have approximately 500 megawatts of wind power in operation, by 2009 and have a developmental pipeline of more than 5000 megawatts in 12 states. From this development pipeline, we are positioned to bring 200 megawatts to 300 megawatts of wind energy online annually. Last quarter, we told you that to capture this additional growth opportunities and to confirm the value of our commercial businesses, we are looking at creative ways to bring in additional capital including partnerships or joint venture relationships. Our assessment is ongoing and we will inform you of significant developments as they occur. As you can see, we are in a strong financial position. We are focused on our operations and we are making good progress, launching new innovative regulatory initiatives as well as bringing them to satisfactory conclusions as we did in the second quarter. In June, we increased our quarterly dividend $0.01. Our current dividend yield is approximately 5.2%. In addition to the yield, we also expect continued growth in earnings. Putting it altogether, we believe this is a great value proposition for investors. We will talk more about everything we have covered today in much greater depth at the analyst meeting we are planning at November 21st in New York. At the meeting, we will provide updated projections for our CapEx spend and earnings growth over the next five years as we did last year. You will also hear from other members of our senior management team will discuss in detail their operations. We will be providing you with the meeting details in the coming weeks. With that, let's open the lines so that David and I can take your questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Rogers. [Operator Instructions]. And we will take our first question from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Dan, welcome.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Thank you. Just Jim, on the earnings per share, your rates were going to look below the national average in the smallest increase of the Ohio utilities as you guys have mapped through everybody's plans. How do your rates look relative to the other Ohio guys based on your assets relative to their assets?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think... as I would recall, we are less than First Energy, we're... our rates are higher than AEP.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. On this wind conversation, this is kind of gain... and obviously seems to be gaining there a decent amount of internal momentum. How do we think about the capital going into this business? Is it just... is this new CapEx on top of which you guys are planning or is this carving out dollars from some from other places you would earmarked money?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We are in the process of working through our 5-year plan that we will present in November. And I suspect it will be a combination of both. But that work is a work in progress and more to come, Dan, in November.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then on the IGCC in Indiana, with the review does the Indiana Commission have the ability to halt plants at this point in time? And when you do that, the kind of a cost analysis given the move in coal prices, given the continued inflation in construction, how does the economics of that plan work relative to say, gas or some other option?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It's my judgment that... well, first, they have the ability to really rule that this plant can go forward. In that event, we have the ability under the statute to recover all our investment in the plant to date. Our judgment is that while coal prices have moved and gas prices have moved and they will continue to be very volatile over the next year or five years, 10 or the life of the plant, it's my judgment based on the analysis that we have done to the commission we will reaffirm our commitment to the plant at the higher capital cost. But that proceeding will be this fall we'll have an answer this year.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Now will you have to provide with this proceeding updated economics, and new cost benefit analysis relative to the other options with the full filing?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I am sure we will have to supply additional information so the commission can take a look at it. And we will and I think we already have provided some information to date. But yes, they take a look at it and make a judgment as to whether this is the right thing for Indiana going forward, it's our belief that is. And our expectation is that they will reaffirm their commitment.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we will hear next from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Paul, welcome this morning.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Thank you. Back to CAIR; you guys I think have benefited from some emission allowance sales. What's the outlook from -- what's the outlook I guess going forward with what's happened in the emission allowance market and what have you?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think that... I think the outlook for us is we have completed most of the equipment, construction, we still have more to do by 2010. And again one of our objectives is to continue to operate that equipment in consultation with our state commissions so that they are comfortable, with how we operate. And we have the ability to turn back those units in their operations, but not the ability to bypass them.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Great. But the emission... I believe you guys have sold some emission allowances, and that benefited earnings?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer:
Paul it --:
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I guess what I am wondering is that, what's the outlook for additional emission sales or how should we think about with what's happened in the emissions market?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Paul,this is David. Let me speak to that one second, we did $36 million of sales of NOx emission in the second quarter. In the current market, you would not be able to get that value. But if you look at our plans for the balance of the year, it was very modest what emission sales were in there. So you shouldn't view that as something that will impact our ability to achieve our employee incentive target.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Right. And I guess you guys had about $12 million I believe in the first quarter?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: We did.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Right. Going forward though we shouldn't expect anything like that I guess in last week, once we get a change in the CAIR thing before the end of 2009. Does that make sense?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: I think that's right, the market value of those emission allowances has declined at this point, significantly.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then on the accelerated sales at Crescent and the loss that you guys booked on that. Is that a non-cash item, number one. Number two, does that continue... in the another words, was that a recognition of what... well this is a write-down because hey, we are going to be selling... because Crescent decided that they are going to be selling the property sooner, or as they sell the property, are we are going to see additional losses associated with this change in business strategy development?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: David, you want to take that one?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. What you said at the beginning was exactly right, Paul. What we've done is we have changed the business strategy, and we said it in Crescent's best interest to sell some properties faster than they were planning to. As a result of that decision, they have to go ahead and write those properties to market value. So now they'll go ahead and that is a non-cash write-down, just as you said. Now they will be actually executing all that. And as they sell the property, one or two things will happen. Either their write-down will be a little high, or it will be a little low, as they actually execute on the sale. Obviously, what we have recorded is our best estimate of what we think will happen.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And if ends at that is higher, then it will show up in operating income as... if it end as a bigger loss and if it's less of a loss, then there would be a write-up so to speak with respect to this loss in our ongoing earnings, is that right?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: You could have a write-up or a write-down.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Right, but it will be one-time earning?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: No, I don't think it... well, we will have to address that at the time. We haven't really dealt with that. If it ends up being material, we will have to deal with that, but I don't expect that, because we've recorded what we think is their value.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I got you. Well listen, thank you very much.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Paul, Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we will hear next from Jonathan Arnold with Merrill Lynch.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Jonathan, welcome today.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. I wanted to just to clarify one thing. I think in the prepared remarks, it sounded like the $36 million on emission sales was delta between the second quarter last year and second quarter this year, but was it also the actual amount of sales?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, it was.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: That was one. And secondly, on Crescent, just reading between the lines of the press release, it said that this change in business strategy was in conjunction with a redo of the credit facility. So I mean to what extent was this sort of a voluntary change or will you just... the line reduced or what happened? Can you just explain a little more of a color around that statement?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we renegotiated the credit facility in May and it was... it got totally redone, I guess it was actually in June. And if you look at the credit facility, the balance did not change, but Crescent made a decision that it's better to sell properties quicker and pay down the credit facility than to hold those properties with the belief that the market will come back. Now this only applies to a smaller piece of the total properties Crescent had. They have a lot of other property they are still developing, both residential properties largely in Florida, Arizona and Texas. They are going to be selling those more quickly.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Is there a raise on the credit facility move materially?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: It moved 50 basis points.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you very much.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Jonathan, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we will next hear from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Hey guys. Michael Lapides.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Goodmorning, Michael.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: How are you? Good morning. Hey, just real quick. Can you talk us through a little bit just the process between your filing on the 30th and 31st of July in Ohio and new rates coming into effect. What we can expect, kind of when we can expect it and which interveners are likely to be the most prevalent besides PUCO staff?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think that our first assignment, now that we have filed it and we have already had some conversations with some of the parties is to work diligently with them to come up with a resolution of this, rather than and to avoid going to hear. That's always our first bias in terms of dealing with cases like this. So we will work our way through it and hopefully reach a settlement. It's really too early to tell where the parties have come out on this. I am sure; there will be the standard set of concerns with respect to all aspects of this. The industrials have a point of view; the consumer council have a point of view, but it's too early for us to sort of pinpoint exactly who will be the toughest, and exactly what the issues will be. But more to come on all that and, even if we don't reach settlement and even if we don't have a litigated outcome this year, the existing RSP which is very similar to what we filed, will continue in effect in '09.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And just one other item, when I think about your wind plan development and this is obviously outside of Ohio, kind of changing track a little bit here. Any concerns about the significant number of other people building wind in Texas and whether the transmission will actually keep up with the wind plan development?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It appears with the decision a couple of weeks ago in building, I think almost 4 billion to $5 billion worth of new transmission lines that the state is very committed to seeing the development of adequate transmissions so that the consumers in this state can access it. That has been a concern with the wind industry that will the transmission keep up, there has been debates about whether or not the national corridors are appropriately designed giving the development of wind and whether or not there should be some redevelopment. But my belief is that based on comments by the leadership at Mehru [ph] based on the Texas decision, what's going on in other regions in the country. I think there is going to be a significant effort to develop the transmission, so that wind will be available. But one of the advantages of the acquisition that we did, is that it gives us wind sites in twelve states, very diversified portfolio of options. And it allows us to develop and again we have a pretty modest aspiration of 200 megawatts to 300 megawatts a year, it allows us to develop it in a way consistent with the development of transmission and the market.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it, thank you and congrats on a good quarter guys.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Michael.
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll hear next from Hugh Wynne with Stanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein: Good morning.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hugh, good morning and welcome.
Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein: Thank you. Just a question regarding your volume sales, I notice that total regular sales build are down in the quarter and for the year-to-date, both in the Carolinas and the Midwest. And I see a fairly large increase in special sales and in the Carolinas also on unbuild sales. So I was wondering if I might just get your view on what is occurring in the various customer classes, with respect to their levels of consumption, what's driving that. And if you might explain for me the offsetting increases in special sales and build sales and what those mean?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: David, you want to start out with the answer. And then I will add to it.
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Let me talk about handful of things here, if you see this answer. So first of all, if you look at weather, where earnings for the year were positively impacted compared to normal, but negative compared last year. So that's one factor. The weather was negatively impacted earnings, compared to last year. With regard to these specific special sales line; that consist of three things in the Carolinas and in the Midwest, it's largely wholesale. But in the Carolinas, it's both power marketing and it's wholesale that's not your historic schedule ten and it's the interaction. And we have been increasing our wholesale sales. So the reason you see special sales going up, both places is the increase that we are having in wholesale sales. The unbilled is simply a function of when the meters are red. And it's an estimate at the end of the month, it swings around depending on exactly how the calendar falls. It's not particularly meaningful at the end of the day, because it's really just a function of the billing cycle.
Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein: Okay. So the... I assume then that the weather impact has been the primary contributor to lower sales than the residential and general service categories. The decline in industrial on the other hand I assume that's just a reflection of depressed economic conditions, or what is happening there?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hugh, the way I would say it is, it's a little different in each state. For instance, in Indiana, we see weaknesses in the transportation, paper, stone, clay and the glass industries. In Ohio and Kentucky, we see weakness in the paper and the chemical industries. For the Carolinas, the weakness is more in the furniture, paper and the printing industries, but is offset by gains in the primary metals and rubber and plastics business. We see a continued... what's been a very long-term structural decline in the textile industry and that continues. But it's different industries in different states, but I think the overall point is that the industrial sales, which kind of reflects what's really going on in the economy are all off a little.
Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein: Right, Okay. And just a quick question if I could about your two big projects; Cliffside and Edwardsport. With respect to Edwardsport, one of the concerns I have is that the commission will not basically disapprove the project and say the plan cannot go forward. But they will say it can go forward at a cost less than what you estimated to cost currently. So instead of granting you the 18% increase, they would grant you a 9% increase or something of that sort. Is that a possible regulatory outcome and is that a risk that becomes greater as time goes on and subsequent cost increases are incurred, or should we be thinking about in a complete different way?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think I would think about it this way. First, the 18% increase in the total projected capital cost as of planned. My judgment is that they recognize and we talked about in the hearing that we are in a worldwide commodity move and virtually when you are building a gas plant or coal plant or nuclear plant, a wind plant in every instance we are seeing significant cost increases in those. And I think that will continue. My judgment is that the commission will be comfortable with this 18% increase. But they might look differently and this is just they might and not any educated guess on my part, they might look differently at future cost increases in the plant. But I don't think they would disallow on, they might limit the ROE, this is one thing they could do. I mean there is a variety of things they could possibly do. But Indiana is always been very constructive in their approach, they understand the commodity markets that we're in today and at the end of the day, they are very committed. In fact, we just had a... we called it celebration, it's a groundbreaking had already been done, where we had 130 people show up; some of the leaders across the state including the Governor was there and has gotten wide political support throughout the state not just in the region. And so my belief is that prudently there is very strong support for this plant and strong support for us building it. One, because it's going to use Indiana coal and two, it fits in very well with our need for base load unit at this time.
Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein: Alright, that's great. On the Cliffside plant, I wondered if I can just get a better understanding of the nature of the legal challenge there. I have to assume if that plan was design with the best available control technology that comply with Clean Air Act. The fact that CAIRs overturned, I don't think would be material in that respect. Is the contention of the suit that you have not dealt with CO2 or what's at stake here?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think what is at stake is they are trying to use the DC Circuit decision as sort of a new circumstance that needs to be taken into account. It's my understanding that the mercury requirements under the North Carolina law are tougher than the federal requirements.
Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein: Right.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And they would control. And so, I believe this is part of our consorted efforts by wide variety of environmental groups trying to stop the building of coal plants, and they have just seized on this decision as another explanation or another approach, another argument they can advance. At the end of the day, it would be my judgment it will be rejected.
Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein: Okay, great. Thank you for your time. I appreciate it.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Hugh.
Operator: Thank you. And we will now have from Paul Fremont with Jefferies & Co.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Paul, welcome.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: Thank you. Couple of questions. First is, I think at the beginning of the year you had indicated a targeted level of ongoing EBIT contribution from Crescent of about 75. Based on what you experienced in the quarter, and based on what's going on the real estate market, would you still expect to do 75 and, would you expect that potentially next year's contribution might be affected by what's going on?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: David, would you like to take that?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I do not think that we will be able to do 75 in Crescent this year. But I do think that things are going well enough in other aspects of the business that we are still comfortable with our incentive target that we laid down at $1.27. As far as next year, we really haven't gotten into projecting what's going to happen with Crescent next year. We'll lay that out among everything else when we do our meeting on the November 21st.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: And then on the commercial power front, there was a sizable improvement in I guess utilization level or gigawatt hour output this quarter versus last quarter. It looks like almost 30% versus 12%. But none of that seems to have really translated into improved profitability at least at the Midwest fleet. Can you help us sort of understand what's going on there in terms of the improving utilization levels?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Let me segregate two things, let's segregate the historic coal plants and the Midwest gas. If you look at Midwest gas, their production was actually down versus last year, but their margins were up. And so in the second quarter of this year, the Midwest gas lost $1 million versus right at $6 million last year. If you look at the historical fleet of coal plants, they did have improved operations. We had a significant outage in '07. And that... those operations did improve earnings about $12 million. Is that helpful?
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: Yes. Thank you.
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Oh thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Paul, thank you.
Operator: We'll take our final question from Steve Fleishman with Catapult.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Steve, welcome, good morning.
Steven Fleishman - Catapult: Yes, hi Jim. I noticed that you guys issued an RSP for new power at Synergy. And I am curious if first of all, if the teen assets would meet any of the requirements for that RSP and then secondly in your RSP, in your ESP plan, how do you characterize how you would recover either plants that you end up buying or building, would that be dealt within the ESP plan?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, what we have done is that to the extent we purchased power, we have a proposed tracker for purchasing power similar to the one we have today. To the extent we add... we buy a plant and someone in response to the RSP and we repurchase a plan in Duke Energy of Ohio, we have the ability to track those capital cost or capacity cost associated in a return on associated with that plant. So that's the mechanisms that are embedded in the ESP that would allow us to solve either or situation.
Steven Fleishman - Catapult: Okay. And do the deemed assets fit the requirements of that RSP at all?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: They do. Our commercial business is taking a look at the RFP now making determinations as to whether to bid. We are at a point where we are almost as we said before economically indifferent as the market tightens in the Midwest. And we bid into PJEM auction. So they are going be making decisions over the next month with respect to whether or not to bid into the RSP.
Steven Fleishman - Catapult: Okay. Okay, thank you.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Sean Trauschke for any final or closing remarks.
R. Sean Trauschke - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Financial Planning: Okaythank you, Tess. As always, our team will be available to answer any questions you may have. And I want to thank you on behalf of Jim and David for joining us today and we look forward to speaking with you in the future.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. We thank you for your participation and have a great afternoon.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: R. Sean Trauschke - Sr. VP, IR and Financial Planning James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and CEO David L. Hauser - Group Executive and CFO Lynn J. Good - Group Executive and President, Commercial Businesses James L. Turner - Group Executive; President and COO, U.S. Franchised Electric and Gas
Analysts: Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co. Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Shalini Mahajan - UBS
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Duke Energy First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Sean Trauschke. Please go ahead sir.
R. Sean Trauschke - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Financial Planning: Good morning, and welcome to Duke Energy's first quarter 2008 earnings review. Leading our discussion today are Jim Rogers, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; David Hauser, Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer; and Lynn Good, Group Executive and President, Commercial Businesses. Jim will begin today's presentation by providing a general overview of the quarter's results then David will provide more detail in context around the quarter's results from each of our businesses. That portion of the call will include an update Lynn Good on the Commercial Businesses. Following Lynn, Jim will update you on some of our major growth and regulatory initiatives. After our prepared remarks we'll open the lines up for your questions. Before we begin, let me take a moment to remind you that some of the things we'll discuss today concern future company performance and include forward-looking statements within the meanings of the securities laws. Actual results may materially differ from those discussed in these forward-looking statements, and you should refer to the additional information contained in Duke Energy's 2007 Form 10-K filed with the SEC and our other SEC filings concerning factors that could cause those results to be different than contemplated in today's discussion. In addition today's discussion includes certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined under SEC Regulation G. A reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available on our Investor Relations website at www.duke-energy.com. As you saw in our news release early this morning, prior to the first quarter 2008, we presented ongoing earnings, which excluded the impacts of special items and discontinued operations. Starting with today's quarterly release, we are reporting an adjusted earnings, which exclude mark-to-market impacts of economic hedges in the Commercial Power segment as well as special items in discontinued operations. David will explain why we made this change in his discussion. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Sean. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Most importantly thanks you for your interest and investment in Duke Energy. We had a strong first quarter. We're making good progress in resolving regulatory uncertainty while pursuing major capital projects to insure that we provide our customers with clean, affordable and reliable electric and gas services. As we said in our new release this morning, we reported adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.35 for the first quarter of '08 versus $0.30 in the first quarter last year. These results reflect continued strong contributions from each of our three largest business units; Franchised Electric and Gas, Commercial Power and Duke Energy International. One quarter doesn't make a year, but with this solid performance we are on track to achieve our 2008 employee incentive target of $1.27 per share on an adjusted diluted basis. Now I'll ask David to give you more specifics about each segments results.
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Jim. I'll begin my review of our first quarter 2008 business segment results with US Franchised Electric and Gas, our largest business segment. That segment reported first quarter 2008 segment EBIT of $637 million an increase of $63 million over last years first quarter. The quarter-over-quarter improvement in segment EBIT was primarily driven by the conclusion of clean air amortization and the substantial completion of merger related rate reductions in 2007. Favorable weather also drove the increase in the segments EBIT. As a result of the 2007 North Carolina rate case, we will no longer amortize our clean air expenditures. The unamortized expenditures of approximately $800 million will be included in rate base as they are completed. In the first quarter of 2007, we recorded clean air amortization for North Carolina's clean air program of approximately $56 million. Merger related rate reductions also ended in 2007, with the exception of a small amount, that we will continue to share with our customers in Kentucky over the next several years. In the first quarter of 2007 merger related rate reductions were approximately $51 million. The segment's results were also positively impacted by favorable weather conditions. Heating degree days for the first quarter 2008 were approximately 5% higher than in the same period n 2007 in both the Carolinas and the Midwest. The improvement in weather contributed approximately$32 million to the segment's quarter-over-quarter improvement. Franchised Electric and Gas's results were also impacted by $18 million of higher equity allowance for funds used during construction. These favorable impacts to EBIT were partially offset by lower retail rates of approximately $25 million resulting largely from last year's North Carolina rate review. Higher operation and maintenance costs primarily due to nuclear plant maintenance and outages and decreased both Power Marketing sales and that of sharing. For the quarter the EBIT contribution for both Power Marketing was approximately $26 million net of sharing, a reduction of $18 million when compared to the same quarter in 2007. The year-over-year increase was also impacted by a favorable settlement with the Department of Energy that resulted in the recognition of $26 million of EBIT in the first quarter of last year. Our regulated customer base continued to grow approximately 41,500 customers were added in the Carolinas since the first quarter of 2007, a 1.8% increase. Approximately 13,000 customers were added in the Midwest in that same time period, a 0.6% increase. Though we continue to add customers for all of U.S. Franchised Electric and Gas, kilowatt hour sales are affected by market conditions including the general decline in the textile industry. Next, I will review Commercial Power; adjusted segment EBIT was $99 million, an increase of approximately $60 million over the first quarter of 2007. This segments improved adjusted EBIT was driven was reduced net purchase accounting expenses of $49 million, gains on the sale of emission allowances of $12 million, and a $10 million improvement at our Midwest gas-fired assets. The quarter's positive drivers were slightly offset by higher operation and maintenance resulting from plant outages. We continue to be pleased by the operational performance of our Midwest gas-fired plants. Increased generation and higher capacity revenues continue to improve the results of those assets. For the quarter, these plants had adjusted EBIT losses of approximately $4 million. We now expect these assets to be EBIT positive by 2009, on an adjusted basis. Over the past year, we have highlighted the mark-to-market impact on our financial results, but continued our practice of including unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses as part of ongoing earnings. Starting with this quarter, we will begin to exclude the mark-to-market impact and present adjusted earnings. Let me give you a little background. Most of the output from our generation in Ohio is sold to our native load customers. We economically hedge the remaining output by selling the power forward and buying the associated inputs of coal and emission allowances. Certain transactions, that we use to execute this hedging strategy received mark-to-market treatment under the accounting rules. We believe that by excluding the impact of mark-to-market changes from adjusted earnings until the settlement of these economic hedges, we are better matching the financial impact of the derivatives with the underlying assets. Ultimately, we will recognize the effect of the economic hedges in adjusted earnings, when the contracts settle. Now let's turn to our International Business. For the first quarter of 2008, Duke Energy International reported segment EBIT of approximately $114 million, an increase of 20 million over the last year's first quarter. DEIs improvements were primarily driven by higher results at National Methanol of $21 million and favorable foreign exchange rates of 10 million. These drivers were partially offset by less favorable hydrology in Latin America. As you will recall, our earnings impact of changes to foreign exchange rates is reduced by the local currency Brazilian debt that affects interest expense. We continue to be pleased with the overall contribution of International. Next is, Crescent Resources and Other. For Crescent segment earnings were $2 million in the first quarter of 2008, which is flat with 2007. You will not be surprised that the real estate business continues to be challenge. Our Other category primarily includes cost associated with corporate governance and Duke Energy's captive insurance company. For the first quarter of 2008, other adjusted net expense was $67 million compared to $52 million in the prior year's quarter. The increase in other's adjusted net expense was driven impart by increased captive insurance cost. Now, I will focus on a few important non-operating items. Our overall liquidity and access to the capital markets remain strong. As of March 31st, we had $642 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand. We have increased the size of our credit facility by $550 million to $3.2 billion. And through April 2008, we have issued approximately $1.9 billion in new debt including the refunding of a $100 million of our auction rate debt. I am sure you are aware of the recent liquidity issues in the auction rate security market. We have debt securities outstanding as well as investments in these auction rate securities. As of December 31, 2007, we had approximately $880 million of auction rate debt outstanding. As I have just mentioned a $100 million of this balance, which had a maximum rate of 12% was refunded in April. The failed auction interest rate for the remainder of the debt is at most 1.75 times one-month LIBOR. So, the impact is not as severe as you have seen elsewhere. As we continue to review the capital markets, we may reconsider issuing hybrids and/or moving the dividend reinvestment plan to new issues rather than open market purchases sooner than anticipated. Related to our investments, as of March 31st, we have classified $300 million of auction rate securities as non-current assets due to a liquid markets. Since, we don't need these auction rate securities for near-term liquidity, we can continue to hold these investments until the credit markets regain liquidity and in the mean time earn a higher interest rate. Interest expense from continuing operations for the three months ended March 31st, increased $19 million compared to the same period in 2007. This increase was due primarily to higher debt balances as well as our foreign exchange rate impacts on Brazilian denominated debt. Offsetting this was a $3 million increase in AFUDC debt and capitalized interest over the same quarter last year. The total AFUDC debt and capitalized interest was approximately $18 million during the quarter. The effective tax rate for the quarter was approximately 32% compared to 29% for the same period last year. Our tax rate was lower in 2007 as a result of the reduction in 2007 in the unitary state tax rate due to the spin-off of Spectra Energy. We continue to feel comfortable about our forecasted compound annual growth rate through 2012. Our teams will continue the focus on improving our returns in our regulatory jurisdictions. If we can earn within 50 basis points of our allowed return on equity on our projected rate base and our Midwest gas assets continue to improve, our growth rate will be closer to 6% from our results in 2007. With that I will turn it over to Lynn Good who will discuss our commercial businesses.
Lynn J. Good - Group Executive and President, Commercial Businesses: Thank you, David. I wanted to spend a few minutes updating you on our commercial businesses and what we see as future growth opportunities. For today's discussion I will frame our commercial businesses, the Commercial Power segments and Duke Energy International as a single business, a diversified generation asset business operating in North and South America. You will recall that the Commercial Power segment includes our Ohio coal assets, Midwest gas fleet and our wind business. To understand how we are looking at future growth opportunities, it is important to understand the scale and contribution of our combined commercial businesses. Our combined commercial businesses are expected to contribute nearly 25% of Duke Energy's 2008 adjusted total segment EBIT, and own and operate approximately 12,000 megawatts of generation, 60% of which is from lower carbon sources; hydro, gas and wind. The capital expenditure plan for Commercial Power and DEI that we shared with you in September included the following strategic objectives. First, an expected compound annual growth rate of 8% to 10% from 2007 to 2012, measured and adjusted EBIT before considering the benefits of expected production tax credits. Second, an improvement in the performance of our Midwest gas fleet. Third, the continued investment in renewable energy sources, and fourth, the projected investment of $1 billion in Latin America funded by Duke Energy Internationals operating cash flow. We are on track for achieving these strategic objectives and in fact we see market conditions improving and industry trends developing in a way that creates more opportunity for growth. Let me touch briefly on three primary growth areas; our Midwest generation, renewables and Latin America. First, Midwest generation; our Midwest generation portfolio includes approximately 7,600 megawatts of generation with approximately 4,000 megawatts devoted to serving load in Ohio, and 3,600 megawatts of gas fired generation. Over the last year, as reserve margins have tightened we have seen an improvement in the value of these assets and an improvement in the earnings contribution from our gas assets. During Jim's closing remarks he will discuss the recent legislative activity in Ohio. He will also review our expectations of the impact of the legislation on the earnings from our assets serving customers in Ohio. For our gas assets, we continue to see improvement in margins due to both capacity payments and energy margins. PJM Capacity prices have increased significantly. In 2008 capacity revenues will be $50 million and we expect that to grow to approximately $170 for the 2010, 2011 planning year. As you know, the PJM auction for planning year 2011 to 2012 will occur later this month and we expect to bid 3,100 megawatts into the auction. At the same time, our energy margins are improving, as megawatt hour production continues to increase. In 2007, we saw a 70% increase in megawatt hour production year-over-year. In the first quarter of 2008, our megawatt hour production increased 53% over the prior year. With market pressure against building coal assets, the potential for retirements of aging coal plants and the long development cycle for nuclear. We see continued improvement in value and contribution from our Midwest gas assets. As David mentioned, we now expect the results of these assets to be EBIT positive by 2009 on an adjusted basis. Next renewables, almost a year ago we acquired a wind development business and presently have 240 megawatts under construction with a 180 megawatts expected to come on line later this year. Our pipeline of development projects has grown from 1,000 megawatts to over 3,000 megawatts and we have the potential to grow at a pace of 200 megawatts to 300 megawatts of wind generation annually. Since we initiated our renewables business about a year ago, public policy and support of low carbon generation and rising fuel prices have confirmed our belief that renewables are an important part of generation next. Strong valuations of wind portfolios have also been confirmed by recent transactions in the market. We will continue to look for opportunities to add to our wind portfolio and to pursue other renewable energy projects including solar and biomass projects. Lastly Latin America, given the strong macro economic trends and solid power sector fundamentals in Latin America, our 4,000 megawatts of primarily based load generation is very well positioned to deliver continued earnings growth. Power demand growth rates of 5% to 10% coupled with tight supply margins are pushing prices higher and driving the need for significant capacity additions. Solid [ph] ratings have also improved as evidenced by Peru's recent upgrade by Fitch and Brazil's recent upgrade by S&P to investment grade. All of these factors are not only driving up the value of our existing portfolio, but have created an environment for new investments. To-date we have committed $300 million of capital to growth projects in Central and South America. Our bias has been toward greenfield and brownfield generation projects and we have a pipeline of additional growth opportunities that we are pursuing including acquisitions where it makes sense to do so. In summary we offered a valuable and diversified mix of profitable generation assets in the Americas. The value of these assets is increasing and attractive growth opportunities exist in the markets we serve. Under our present plan we believe 8% to 10% compound annual growth is achievable. To capture the additional growth opportunities that I have spoken about, as well as confirm the value we see in our portfolio of assets. We are looking at creative ways to bring additional capital into our commercial business including partnerships or joint venture relationships. Now let me turn it back over to Jim.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Lynn. Let me now update you on Ohio and our new generation initiatives. We are pleased that Governor Strickland signed the new Ohio Energy Bill yesterday. It is an important first step in resolving the uncertainty we face with the expiration of our rate stabilization plan at the end of this year. The next step is for the commission to issue new regulations for the implementation of the two options we will have. An Electric Security Plan or ESP, and... or a Market Rate Option or MRO. We have long believed in a RSP type approach in Ohio, is best for our customers and our investors. Therefore it is our intent to pursue the ESP option as early as possible under the new law and that appears to be in late summer. Obviously our desire to pursue the ESP option depends on the regulations that the Public Utility Commission will issue later this year. There are many aspects of the new law, such as the excessive earnings test that will need to be more explicitly defined. We will have the opportunity to comment on these rules when they are proposed. Additionally, we also plan to file in June for an increase in our distribution and transmission rates in Ohio. It is our opinion that the ESP option is very similar to our existing rate stabilization plan. For instance, it provides for the mechanisms that allow us to recover periodically our fuel cost and incremental environmental CapEx. Under the ESP option, we can also seek to recovery automatically other distribution costs. We realized that PUCO has a full schedule for the rest of this year. In the event, the commission is unable to act on our ESP filing by year end under the new law, we will have the ability to continue to operate under our existing RSP. We believe the risk profile for our Ohio operations and our earnings projection for 2009 will not change under either scenario. On April 23rd, we filed an Exempt Wholesale Generator or (EWG) application for 7600 megawatts, which are currently owned by Duke Energy Ohio. All of these assets are unregulated. As you may recall, about 4000 of these of megawatts were deregulated buy the Ohio legislature in 2000. So, remaining generating assets have never served our Ohio customers under the prior regulatory regime or under our existing RSP. Unfortunately, the timing of our filing has created some concern by certain parties in Ohio. The primary purpose of our EWG filing was to transfer these assets to a separate corporation to gain greater financial flexibility. We made the filing pursuant to and consistent with prior Ohio commission orders in our corporate separation plan filed and approved under the existing law. As I said earlier, depending on the commissions regulations being consistent with our understanding of the new law, we intend to commit the 4000 megawatts, which are committed to our Ohio customers today under the RSP to our customers, under the new ESP to be effective in 2009. Now let me turn to our new generation plant projects. First, the Edwardsport, Indiana IGCC plant. Yesterday, Duke Energy Indiana filed a cost update along with our request to initiate the CWIP rider for its IGCC plant in Indiana. The filing also request approval for studies related to carbon capture and sequestration of the plant. The filing was made pursuant to the IURC's order approving the 630 megawatt plant in November 2007. Our revised estimate of the project is approximately $2.35 billion including AFUDC. The prior estimate was approximately $2 billion and was developed over a year ago and was the basis of the commission's decision last year. The cost increases that we now project are inline with the increases experienced in the past several years by other building, generating plants around the world. We are in the process of finalizing the contractual arrangements with our major project vendors. These efforts include procurement of long lead time equipment. We began this step shortly after receiving the commission's order approving the plan. In its CPCN order last November, the commission discussed the possibility of cost increases, but refused to implement a cost cap at some parties that urged. Of course we will need to demonstrate the fees increased cost are wanted, and doing so we will show the commission, that we continue to believe this is the best base load option to meet the needs of our customers, while at the same time minimizing our environmental emissions footprint. We will also show, that this plant provides a commercial platform for the development of carbon capture sequestration at that side and important step in our efforts to decarbonize our fleet. Equally important, it allows us to shutdown older, inefficient and high admitting coal units in Indiana. We are asking the commission for expertise review of our filing. Let me now briefly discuss the Lee Nuclear plant and Cliffside unit. A construction and operating application from the Lee plant was filed with the NRC in 2007 and it has been accepted by the agency. After completing our projected cost analysis of the proposed three 200 megawatt plant, we will be filing for state approvals in the fourth quarter of this year. The Cliffside plant is off to a great start. Since receiving the air permit in January we have been excavating for the power build... boiler building and pouring concrete for the scrubber chimney's foundation. We have a formal ground breaking in March, at which time we announce that the IRS approve the full $125 million in federal tax credits for the project. To wrap this up, I again want to emphasize our value proposition for investors. I won't go through it, other than just say that we had a great quarter and we see no reason, why we won't achieve our strategic and financial objectives. Let's open the lines for your questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question from Dan Eggers from Credit Suisse.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Hey, good morning.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Dan and welcome.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Thank you. Hey, Jim, can you just help explain a little bit more the thought process behind the Ohio generation separation I guess from a timing perspective and then if you add a little more color on your thoughts and what the financial flexibility improvements would be through the process?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, I'd be delighted to do that. We have been contemplating filing the EWG for a period of time and we've been working to put the filing together and quite frankly we waited to see, what the final statutory language would look like to see if would require any other modifications to our application. And once that legislation was finalized, we then file with the FERC. Its our judgment that, that the primary purpose of that filing is to take those assets that are currently in Duke Energy of Ohio put them in a separate corporation and quite frankly that gives us a lot of flexibility and you heard Lynn talked a little bit about that, in terms of how we finance it, it gives us flexibility in terms of the potential brining in a joint venture partner. So, it all opens up for us a series of opportunities that will allow us to fund the growth in our Commercial Business.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: So, are you thinking about this potentially being a true, floated spin-off or is this something that stays core to Duke and you are just looking in a way that gets some more scale out of it?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We don't contemplate a spin off. It's primarily just again a way to either finance it or bring in partners because we believe this is a core business that we want to grow and develop and this just gives us more financial flexibility.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then on the IGCC cost inflation I guess from last year, can you…do you have a feel for how much the rate impacts will be to the customers with that plant coming in to service and when you look at it relative to say the CCGT option, how the cost differential looks right now.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. As you know, Dan we are in a commodity market boom, I mean you look at steel prices just in the last year they are up 70%. If you look at the component parts of building generation, boilers, turbines, tubing, all of these costs are up rather dramatically over the last several years. This increase, roughly $350 million is roughly 18% increase. As we look at it when the plant is fully in service, it will translate into roughly a 2% increase in prices for consumers over the existing estimate. So, again it's a modest increase and part of that is tied as you know to the fact that we didn't start finalizing our arrangements with our major vendors until we actually receive the certificate from the commission in November, and that the original estimate, and this is an important point, was developed over a year ago based on numbers that were developed during the prior year. So, again, in this commodity boom, we expected that there might be some increases and as we went to the finalization of the contracts, and in fact there were, and so we are now in the process of presenting those to the commission and under Indiana law, the commission will review this over the next several months.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: And Jim you remind me, the 2% increases on top on what was the original increase for the... on the prior bid, the prior cost.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: The prior cost, there was about a 16% increase once it was in service.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Great. And I guess one last question; industrial demand still seems to be softening, and I guess in all territories. Is that economic slowdown and when do you guys, do you have any insight into when this might sort of stabilize a bit?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think that what we've seen is obviously a lot of manufacturing facilities going from three shifts to two or from two shifts to one. There has been a slowdown in the economy, we don't have any sense of when it turns around, I think our economy has been remarkably strong given the headwinds that we faced. But more to come on that, David do you want to amplify on that.
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Let me add one thing on that, if you look at industrial in the Carolinas excluding textile, its actually up a bit 0.8% as I recall and that one of the things you see happening is some of the centers for people like Google and Fidelity coming into our service area which are very significant energy users. So, certainly we have issues with our economy and things like that but there are some positive things occurring too.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you guys.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Dan, thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jonathan Arnold from Merrill Lynch
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Jonathan, welcome.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Quick question on Ohio first, you mentioned in the slides Jim that you didn't see any issues with this excessive earnings test. But is one of the implications of transferring these assets, if that test would not apply to your generation assets, but if they stay where they are it would apply. I was just wondering how we should think about that?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, its never... the filing of this application wasn't to avoid that test, with respect to the 4,000 megawatts. It's our judgment with respect to the 3,600 megawatts which have never... were never regulated by Ohio then it is not subject to the test.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: But your understanding is the others would effectively not be subject to the test if they move?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, it would be our... what we contemplate that is that those 4,000 megawatts will be subject to the test.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Even if they move to another…
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Even if they move to an EWB.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Why would that be, because I thought the law sort of precludes affiliates from being included in the test calculation?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I understand, but it is our intent that they be dedicated under the ESP, and because we're going to use the ESP mechanism assuming again that the rules are fair and consistent with the way we believe that they will rollout is that they are going to be subject to the earnings test. This was not a move on our part to get out from under the earnings test with respect to those 4,000 megawatts.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you for that. Can I ask, I would like to ask one on the Commercial Power results for the quarter as well please, which is showing up 60 million I think in adjusted EBIT, but if you start with the 39 last year and add back the 49 of purchase accounting expense and I think there was another 26 of synfuel O&M that was actually kind of in there last year. I get to a sort of adjusted base of something like 114 and then... and so you made 99 against that which is down a little and if I pull out the emission allowance sales and the Midwest improvement everything else looks like it might have been down 35 million to 40 million, excluding those kind of one-times from all those non-recurring from last year. Is that at reasonable analysis and what are those factors in there, is it all the O&M or something else?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: I am not sure I totally followed all your math, but let me tell you the way I would look at it if I were you. We are looking at it that last year, was about $39 million adjusted, this year is about $99 million adjusted. So, that's an apples-to-apples comparison. You are right that a big piece of the increase is the purchase accounting just as you said. The other two significant ones are improvements in the gas plants. The gas plants were up 10 million and the sale of some emission allowances.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: So there was 26 million of O&M last year, is that correct from synfuels in the Q1'07 number?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: We have moved that, so that's not in that number anymore. If you recall, that's in discontinued operations.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: So, that O&M is not in the 39.
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: That is correct.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: That's helpful, thank you David.
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Okay, Jonathan, thank you.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Jonathan, thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning guys.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Paul, good morning.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just a sort of follow-up here, just the $32 million, I think that is a pretax number for weather. Is that versus normal or is that just versus last year?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: That is versus last year. It's about $15 million versus normal.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, and then with respect to the hybrids in the new issuance that might be happening. Can you just give us a little bit more of feeling for sort of what the share count might now change to as a result of that?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: If you look at our plan, we had said we turn it on in 2010, moving to open market purchases. We assumed a little over $200 million a year that to get permit. So, if its $200 million a year and stock price is 20, then that gives you the share count income.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And when that might be turned on?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: We have not made that decision. We are looking at the hybrid markets. We are looking at our capital expenditures, but it's possible we would turn it on this year.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then the captive insurance cost, what's going on there? You mentioned that had gone up, just give us a little bit more flavor on that?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, the simple way to think about that is we set the premiums for all the business units at the beginning of the year, and then as activities occur and losses come in that are different than were reflected in the premiums, those are simply eaten by the captive insurance company, and so the captive insurance company always either makes or loses money based on the premiums that they set in advance.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. So, what were the higher losses than expected? Just what areas did those come from?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Most of those were associated with some generation outages in Franchised Electric and Gas.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then finally, I noted that you guys have changed and you guys went through this, the mark-to-market accounting and excluding it now from operating earnings. What was the philosophy…I don't have any problem with that, just wondering what made you guys think about doing that now as opposed to previously?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, a couple of things. One is, we'll continue to be very transparent on what the numbers are, so people can adjust, however they feel is appropriate, but the reason we did it that way. We have a mixture of physical and financial contracts. Some of them therefore are not mark-to-market, and some of them are mark-to-market, so you end-up with a distortion of the underlying economics because of the accounting. We thought the underlying economics would be a lot cleaner if we just backed it up.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. So, but the reason for just…okay, so do you guys just covering recently on that side, yes I heard was there anything in particular that let you thinking that way?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think over time the amount could get bigger and what was really happening is coal prices were running up so much that it was a significant item in the quarter and that kind of growth is specific timing.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And the $49 million in purchase accounting expense, just for the rest of the year how should we expect that to unfold, because as I recall I don't remember that being that much built-in year-over-year for a change in purchase accounting.
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Around numbers, the number last year was 100 and this year we said it would be about 10 so, you should expect over the course of the year it will be $90 million better off than we were last year.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And half of that we already got this year…this quarter excuse me.
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: That's exactly right.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Fremont, from Jefferies.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: Thanks. It looks like…
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Welcome, Paul.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: Hey, thanks a lot. It looks like in the first quarter you got half year target gains for Franchise Electric and Commercial Power. Is there something that we should look at in future quarters that represents either the timing of O&M, that will hold back future quarters or should we assume that you're well on track to sort of exceed as a target that you laid out initially?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think you should assume we are on track. We got a weather benefit, obviously in the first quarter. O&M will certainly move around through the year and you probably should keep in mind that the clean air was a big positive year-over-year in the first quarter, by the time you get to the fourth quarter, the one in clean air last year. So, won't be as big positive in the fourth quarter. But, we are very comfortable with our plan for FE&G
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: Secondly I guess there is a provision in the Ohio legislation that allows for I guess government aggregated load. I am not sure I understand how that would apply with respect to your unregulated generation business, is that something that could ultimately escape the utility charge or is there some provision there that those customers wouldn't put a burden on the remaining customers, if they left your assistance?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think there is some ambiguity in the law with respect to that, but my general understanding is its…the charges non-bypassable even by the government aggregators.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: Okay. So it's not bypassable.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It's not bypassable. This is my understanding.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: And last question from me, I am looking last year at a second quarter tax rate of about 28.5%, is that good number to use in assuming the tax rate changes for the second quarter?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: No. Why do use the tax rate that looks more like 32.5% or 33%.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: Right, in another words, but the comparison should to at 28.5?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: 28.5 that was last year?
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: Yeah, second quarter.
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Whether it would be perfectly honest Paul, I don't remember last year's second quarter tax rate. So, we'll have to have our folks get with you. I am pretty sure it will be something like 33 this year.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: Okay. Thank you very much.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Paul, thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Lasan Johong from RBC Capital Markets.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Welcome.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. Good morning. Nice quarter by the way.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: I need to understand the mechanism of how you would charge revenues on the approximate 4000 megawatts of assets in the unregulated saw that you will dedicate to your ESP. If I'm understanding, this correctly you will dedicate those assets based on a cost plus system, where the fuel cost would be more or less straight passthrough. Am I understanding that correctly?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, that's not the way it's worked under the RSP and will not be the way it works under the ESP. We will have negotiated rate with respect of those assets, but we will have and you are right about this, we will have a fuel clause that allows us to track the fuel prices up and down during future periods.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: And if I am mistaken, Ohio is more or less a coal dominated market correct?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: I see. And this therefore doesn't require due to engage in long-term hedges for coal supply, correct?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that's correct. We can, we have the capability to do that, but historically we have not.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. So…
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Paul, primarily because we operate under long-term contracts for some of the supply some under shorter term. We have a mix of contract links with respect to our coal supply and virtually all of those plants, are plants that are on the Ohio river, so we have access to the barge trade, which gives us more flexibility in terms of sources of coal for those plant. Unlike many of our plants, which are on a single rail line in the coal fields.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: I see. Then if I'm not mistaken, should coal prices continue to stay high or increase from even here. The 4,000 megawatts of generation would benefit if it were in a market environment versus a ESP environment, where as if coal prices fall, it'd be better if it were in the ESP environment versus being in the market environment, correct?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it just depends on the contract that you would have to sell the output of the plant. If you were selling the output its fixed price, you would take the risk associated with the movement in the coal price. But negotiating a price for the use of those plants and then having a tracker with respect to fuel, we don't take on the fuel risk and we lock in the return on the facilities.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: But I would assume that, since your plants are pretty early in the dispatch curve from what I remember, you wouldn't necessarily take a five year fixed price contract anyway; you could bid this into market without having or bided into a short term agreement where you can capture the movement of coal prices up and down?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We could do that, but it's been our judgment that the better risk-reward for us is from the standpoint of committing these under the RSP.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. That's exactly what I needed to know. On the Edwardsport plant, I'm hearing you say that you'd probably do this plant with a CCS. The question is where do you put the carbon depleted oil and gas wells?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It's been our intent to develop our carbon capture and sequestration at that site and we will be working with the Department of Energy and others as we put that project together and finance that project going forward. But one of the great advantages of building the IGCC in Indiana at that location is because the geology is perfect for CCS.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: That's what I thought.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And it will also in all likelihood if we are able to develop the project and we have... we're hopeful with respect to the CCS, it will become one of the largest sequestration projects in the US or in the world actually and quit frankly for us to be able to live in a low carbon world is critical that this technology get developed.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Understood. One last question if you don't mind, on Brazil, the S&P upgrade the investment grade. Does that present any refinancing opportunities that might lower your interest cost and or overall borrowing or cap cost, cost of capital.
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: I think the answer is yes. Historically the Brazilian markets have been very short term debt markets and have been inflation adjusted type of security. We are very active in looking at those markets and determining the right time to refinance and I won't be surprised if this gives us that opportunity.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: How much debt are we talking about, doing some refinancing on and what's the benefit on the interest expense do you think?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Well, in dollars we have about $540 million of debt that's our share of [inaudible] debt. The interest rate, I think that's a question where it could move around a lot, but it could be 200 or 300 basis points.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from…
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Nathan Judge, Atlantic Equities
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Nathan welcome.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Thank you and good morning. Wanted to follow up on your comment about 2008 earnings. I think you said there would be a growth... could be a growth rate of 6% up of your 2007 level. If you could earn within 50 basis points you are allowed returns and the Ginna [ph] or the Midwest gas plants were to continue to improve. Relative to your expectation that at the beginning of the year what... could you give us a flavor on how... well reconcile it to your expectations and how and what changed so far that you are seeing that would give you confidence in that number?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Nathan this David. I want to sure we're communicating. We're talking about the five year of growth rate and so when I look at the 6% that I've stated as I was going through the call there. The 6% is a good way to think about the five year compound annual growth rate, also the '07 earnings and that reflects two things one is an improvement in the gas plants which we're getting more confident of and two is our ability to improve our regulatory compacts in some areas and get closer to the elaborative returns than we had been assuming before. So we had told you before 5% to 7% and we wanted to put a little more color around that five year compound annual growth rate.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Thank you. Would that growth rate... and that would be through 2012, is that correct just to clarify?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Yes that's correct.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Would that include the potential earnings boost from the would be the Cliffside plant in 2013.
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Yes that's in total, so Cliffside you learn AFUDC as you build it and then you will have the earnings on it when it goes in service, and keep in mind this is a... this 6% is also actual 2007 earnings that we are talking about now.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Okay and then just on the ESP, the EWG, is there a possibility, are you considering moving some of the Midwest gas plants that are not under commitment to the Ohio load putting those into some type of ESP plan?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think we will have that option, but quite frankly we are at a place where we are economically indifferent and given the improvement in the economics in PJM and in MISO. It might prove to be a better economic opportunity for us to dedicate those, I mean, to use those plants in the market rather than to dedicate them under an ESP.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: If Cincinnati, Ohio Gas and Electric were to need, I think you have said something on the magnitude of 1,700 megawatts, would then therefore be the opportunity to build and provide those generation under an ESP.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's one of the very positive, aspects of the legislation. Given our short position, with Duke Energy of Ohio of roughly a 1,000 and growing to 1,700 over the next several years. The ability to either buy generation and dedicate it or to build generation and dedicate it, the current new law provides for that and quite frankly those would be, once we get a better understanding of the regulations with respect to it we'll be decisions as to what, how best to meet that capacity requirement. But again one of the things that we found most favorable in the new law is creating the new opportunity for a regulated entity to build and buy and dedicate to customers new generation.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Yeah, and then finally just on the Edwardsport plant, with the updated cost estimate, can you walk us through the process, the timing, the milestones in that and when you expect to sign an EPC contract?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: This is on the IGCC with what the process is now?
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Yes sir.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Jim you want to answer that?
James L. Turner - Group Executive; President and Chief Operating Officer, US Franchised Electric and Gas: Yeah, this is Jim turner. What we are going to do is ask the commission to rule expeditiously. We are hoping for an order by the end of July, on our updated application which would both update the cost estimate that the commission's approved as well as initiate our first CWIP rider and initiate the study of carbon capture and sequestration of the site.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Has there been an EPC contract signed yet?
James L. Turner - Group Executive; President and Chief Operating Officer, US Franchised Electric and Gas: What we have is a term sheet with all the material terms and conditions agreed to, but we've not signed a final EPC contract.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: And you'd wait until the commission ruled before you sign that contract I assume.
James L. Turner - Group Executive; President and Chief Operating Officer, US Franchised Electric and Gas: Well we are going to continue working towards finalization of the contract, but we think we have enough now to initiate with what we know we have enough now to initiate work under the EPC agreement.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: And the air permit, when would we expect that? Would that be following the commissions ruling?
James L. Turner - Group Executive; President and Chief Operating Officer, US Franchised Electric and Gas: We got that in January.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Got that, John [ph]. Thank you.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Nathan, thank you very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Hey guys, congratulations on a really good quarter.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Michael, its welcome.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Question on the excessive earnings test in Ohio, not entirely sure I understand how that's going to work, really two fold, one kind of bigger picture macro like what's the P&L of companies, what's the comp group and then second, how will they likely treat the goodwill that's on the books in your Ohio subsidiary?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: I think two things, one is I think there is some ambiguity with respect to the excessive earnings test. I think that... I would first make the point that this test will be fundamentally different determinations as a traditional... determination of a return on equity, because its test that's normally done in the rate case. So I think you need to make that differentiation. I think the comp group is really going to be up to us to present to the commission what the group looks like and quite frankly I think you take that from general industry, you could take it from the merchant sector. There is a variety of comps and will be in the process and I'm sure the commission will be in the process of defining what the comp group looks like. It's our judgment with respect to the goodwill that those were deregulated assets when the acquisition occurred and so that goodwill would be included in the calculation.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: So let me just add one thing, if you started trying to back up the goodwill you would have to go through all the comps and try to back out the goodwill
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Right.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Because they all have it.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Understood and especially if you include the merchants in the panel there, going back three, four or five years ago there is unbelievable amounts of write downs and changes. Last just kind of thinking about the Edwardsport plant, in the original order giving approval they didn't give approval for CWIP on the plants at that point in time. Do you have a view or a sense about whether the commission is willing to do it and that was just more of a technical issue?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It was technical issue, the statute is clear with respect to CWIP and Jim do you want to add that?
James L. Turner - Group Executive; President and Chief Operating Officer, US Franchised Electric and Gas: Yeah Michael the commission did approve CWIP in the underlying order. What they asked us to do come in and do within six months is to give them a progress update on the project, as well as initiate the initial slog of CWIP if you will the initial tranche of CWIP that we will begin to recover. So it doesn't... CWIP doesn't just happen automatically, the commission wants to review the CWIP filings every six months. So they did approve CWIP, but now we have to go and actually prove up the amount of CWIP that we need.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Got it. Okay, thank you guys. Much appreciated.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steve Flashman from Capital Management.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Steve welcome.
Operator: And looks like his line has disconnected. We'll take our next question from Ashar Khan from S Capital
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Ashar welcome.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Good morning. I just had a question based on this new adjusted methodology that was started. What were earnings in 2007, if you took to the market-to-market out?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: That's would be in a $1.23.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: That would be a $1.23. And David could you also give us what it would be in the second quarter last year?
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: I don't have that off the top of my head, but yeah our people can provide that. Sorry about that.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay.
David L. Hauser - Chief Financial Officer, Group Executive: I thought you were going to ask me the second quarter this year.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That where I thought it was going.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. Thank you very much.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
David L. Hauser - Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Ashar.
Operator: We will take our next question from Shalini Mahajan of UBS.
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: Thanks and good morning.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you and welcome.
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: Just a couple of questions for you Jim on Ohio. Do you need FUCO approval to achieve the generation separation because this involves 4,000 megawatts of RSC dedicated assets?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think that technically at this time we don't, but under the new law when it becomes effective we will and so as a practical point I believe that its going to be important to have the commission supportive of this.
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: Okay, and then if... any talks on how long or for ESP [ph], are you looking at? Is it a minimum of three years or something longer than that?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think that the way the statute works is that you can do it for longer periods, but they have the ability to review it every four years and I think what that's going to lead to is shorter periods like three year periods rather than longer periods. Again we don't know exactly what that review means and how it will work and that will be spilled out I suspect in the regulations, but just reading the statute and knowing how historically these things work. I think its going drive us to three year type contracts versus 10 year contracts.
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: And lastly if we... kind of how should we be thinking about ROE at Duke Ohio if you include the ROC dedicated generation there. What would be the current ROE there?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think the way I'd think about it is that we will get a determination of ROE on our transmission and distribution business, and as I mentioned earlier we'll be filing a rate increase in June. But the standard in terms of excess earnings in which the deregulated generation would fall under is a return on common equity of comparable companies and I think that will be the controlling standard.
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: Okay, Okay, alight that's helpful. Thanks Jim so much.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much.
Operator: And this concludes our question and answer session. At this time I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Sean Trauschke for any additional or closing remarks.
R. Sean Trauschke - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Financial Planning: Thank you, Steve. We want to thank you for joining us today and as always our team will be available to answer any follow up questions you may have, and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
Operator: And this concludes today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Sean Trauschke - Sr. VP of IR James E. Rogers Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer Goldman Sachs Leslie Rich
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: David L. Hauser Analysts Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch Michael Lapides Columbia Management
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Duke Energy Fourth Quarter and Year End Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks, I would like to turn the conference over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Sean Trauschke. Please go ahead sir.
Sean Trauschke - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations: Good morning. And welcome to Duke Energy's fourth quarter and year-end 2007 earnings review. Leading our discussion today are Jim Rogers, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Hauser, Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer. Jim will begin today's presentation by providing a general overview of our results and a discussion of our outlook for 2008. Then David will provide more detail and context around our 2007 results for each of our businesses as well as more detail and context around our 2008 plan. Jim will close with an update of our regulatory initiatives and our areas of focus for 2008. Following those prepared remarks; we'll open the lines up for your questions. Before we begin, let me take a moment to remind you that some of the things we will discuss today concern future company performance and include forward-looking statements within the meanings of the Securities laws. Actual results may materially differ from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. And you should refer to the additional information contained in Duke Energy's 2006 Form 10-K filed with the SEC and our other SEC filings concerning factors that could cause those results to be different and contemplated in today's discussion. In addition, today's discussion includes certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined under SEC Regulation G. A reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available on our Investor Relations website at www.duke-energy.com. With that I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Sean. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. Most importantly, thanks again for your interest and investment in Duke Energy. We had a very strong fourth quarter and a strong year. As we said in our news release this morning, we reported ongoing diluted earnings per share of $0.27 for the fourth quarter of 2007 versus $0.23 in the fourth quarter last year. Ongoing diluted earnings per share for the full year 2007 were $1.25 compared to $0.99 for 2006. These 2006 results exclude the natural gas businesses which were spun off as Spectra Energy in January 2007, and which are now included in discontinued ops. Our fourth quarter results reflected an improvement of approximately 37% in combined ongoing segment EBIT from our three largest business units. Of course, we are pleased with our fourth quarter financial results; we are also very pleased with the superior performance of our people and our assets. Equally important, we resolved many of the regulatory and legislative issues that were both on our minds as well as yours last year. In our news release this morning, we announced our 2008 employee incentive earnings target of $1.27 per share on an ongoing diluted basis. As you will recall, during our Analysts Conference last September, we committed to a compound annual growth rate of 5% to 7% in ongoing diluted EPS through 2012 from the base of our 2007 employee incentive target of $1.15. We’ve come out the gate strong in '07, nearly 9% above target, but you should remember that due to the timing of our construction and capital investments, growth will likely be lumpy over the next several years. Of the $1.15, we believe we will be at the high end of the 5% to 7% range. If you come off the $1.25, we believe we will be on the low end of that range. Regardless of the 2007 base, we still believe that through 2012 we can achieve a compound annual growth rate of 5% to 7% in ongoing diluted EPS. Our earnings growth will be driven by the following three factors. Capital reinvestment, growth in our customer sales base and execution on our regulatory and legislative initiatives. David will share more details on the assumptions we have used to arrive at our 2008 earnings target, but first I will discuss our segment EBIT expectations for 2008. We expect the company's total ongoing segment EBIT to be more than $3.2 billion in 2008 before other net expenses. Again, our regulated businesses will be the largest contributor to ongoing EBIT. We expect an ongoing EBIT contribution of approximately $2.4 billion from U.S. Franchised Electric and Gas. Our Commercial Power segment is expected to contribute approximately $385 million in ongoing segment EBIT. Most of the Commercial Power ongoing segment EBIT comes from serving retail electric customers in Ohio. This number also reflects the continuing improved performance of our Midwest gas plants. Our international operations are expected to contribute $380 million in ongoing segment EBIT and our ownership interest in Crescent Resources is expected to deliver $75 million in ongoing equity earnings in '08. With that, I'll turn it over to David. David?
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Jim. I'll begin with the review of our 2007 business segment results. U.S. Franchised Electric and Gas, our largest business segment, reported fourth quarter 2007 EBIT from continuing operations of $519 million, an increase of $96 million from last year's fourth quarter. The quarter-over-quarter improvement in segment EBIT was primarily driven by the completion earlier in 2007 of merger related rate reductions, lower clean air amortization, retail rate increases in the Midwest, favorable weather and increased wholesale volumes. In the fourth quarter of 2006, we recorded clean air amortization for North Carolina's Clean Air Program of $38 million. We met our amortization obligation under the clean air legislation in the third quarter of 2007 and did not incur any regulatory amortization expense in the fourth quarter of 2007. As we have discussed in the last few calls, the merger related rate reductions ended in the second quarter of 2007, except for a small amount that we will continue to share with our customers in Kentucky over the next five years. Weather contributed to the quarter-over-quarter increase in the segments on going EBIT. For the full year, the EBIT contribution from weather was about $100 million above normal. Keep in mind this was offset by higher employee incentives and increased O&M cost due to plant maintenance. Long-term contracts that took effect in early 2007 drove the increase in wholesale volumes, primarily in Indiana. In addition to incentives and plant O&M costs, the segment’s ongoing EBIT was also partially offset by a charge associated with the write-off of a portion of Duke Energy Carolina’s GridSouth development cost in accordance with the recent North Carolina Utilities Commission rate order. Our regulated customer base continued to grow. Approximately 44,000 customers were added in the Carolinas, since the fourth quarter of 2006, a 2% increase. Approximately 15,000 customers were added in the Midwest in that same time period, a 1% increase. While we continued to add customers for all of U.S. Franchised Electric and Gas, we are affected by general market conditions, including the general decline and the textile industry as well as softening in some other industries. For the quarter, the EBIT contribution from Bulk Power Marketing was approximately $32 million, net of the impact of sharing of profits with industrial customers. Next, I will review Commercial Power. Ongoing EBIT for this segment increased approximately $57 million from the fourth quarter of 2006, the segment’s improved EBIT was driven by lower purchase accounting expense, the favorable timing of recoveries of fuel and purchased power cost, and improved mark-to-market results from economic hedges due to increasing coal prices. The quarter's positive drivers were partially offset by higher expenses from increased plant maintenance. Increased generation and higher capacity revenues continued to improve the results of our Midwest gas-fired assets. For the year, these assets was $14 million. As we told you in the past, we now expect these assets will reach their break-even point by 2009 on an ongoing EBIT basis. One additional item, we pledged approximately 2,700 megawatts in the recent PJM 2011, 2012 auction, at a price of a $174 per megawatt day. This price is 70% higher than the auction results in October. Finally for the fourth quarter, Commercial Power’s EBIT included $13 million of mark-to-market net gains on economic hedges. I will remind you that we consider any market-to-market impact as part of ongoing earnings. Now lets turn to our international business. For the fourth quarter of 2007 Duke Energy International reported ongoing segment EBIT of approximately $105 million, an increase of $25 million over last year’s fourth quarter. DEI's improved results for the quarter were driven mostly by higher margins at National Methanol, partially offset by less favorable hydrology in Argentina. We continue to be pleased with the overall contribution of International, particularly Brazil and Peru. Next, is Crescent Resources. Ongoing results for this segment were $32 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. That is a $15 million increase over the ongoing results for the fourth quarter of 2006. The higher current year results, were due to increased legacy land sales and a gain on the sale of the Piedmont Town Center in Charlotte, North Carolina. These increased results were partially offset by impairment losses of about $32 million on some residential developments. I want to make it clear that these impairment charges are related to a few individual Crescent developments and not our overall investment in Crescent. The overall fair value of our Crescent investment continues to exceed is carrying amount. Next I'll review our other category. Other primarily includes costs associated with corporate governance, and Duke Energy's captive insurance company. The fourth quarter ongoing results for other were relatively flat when compared to the same quarter in 2006. Other’s ongoing net expense from continuing operations was $92 million compared to $86 million in the prior year's quarter. Now I'll focus on a few important non-operating items on a year-over-year basis. We ended 2007 with a net cash balance of approximately $400 million; about $1.1 billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments offset by about $700 million of short-term commercial paper outstanding. Interest expense was $685 million for 2007 compared to $632 million in 2006. The increase is primarily due to the inclusion of a full year of interest expense in 2007, associated with debt of the former Cinergy companies compared to only nine months in 2006. The effective tax-rate for 2007 was approximately 32% compared to approximately 29% in 2006. This is higher than what we have been telling you because the 2007 tax rate is absent synfuel credits, which expired in 2007 and are now included in discontinued operations. For the full-year 2007, our synfuel operations contributed about $0.02 to net income. The higher tax-rate in 2007, was primarily due to the previous year's favorable tax items, including settlements, tax benefits related to the impairment of the investment in Bolivia and the reversal of previously recognized taxes related to dividends on foreign operations. With that let's turn to our 2008 expectations. This slide provides the ongoing earnings per share assumptions used to set our 2008 employee incentive target of $1.27. As always, out plan is based on normal weather. The 2008 incentive target in corporate, the rate adjustments resulting from the recent rate proceeding in North Carolina. The target also assumes lower net purchase accounting charges. We’ve assumed an effective tax rate of 33% for 2008. You should note that this tax rate is absence synfuel credits, which expired in 2007. We expect interest expense to be approximately $700 million, as I mentioned at the beginning of 2008 our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments balance was approximately $1.1 billion. Our plan reflects a quarterly dividend increase of $0.01 per share beginning in the third quarter of 2008, of course this is subject to Board approval. Now let's take a quick look at our projected CapEx spending in 2008. We plan to spend approximately $5.1 billion this year. This represents a slight increase from what we showed you in September. The primary drivers for the change are timing associated with the gas plant and nuclear development costs of $40 million. Over 75% of these dollars will be spent on our regulated businesses. It includes new generation resources to meet our growing demand, environmental expenditures to meet Federal State and Local Pollution Control requirements, and maintenance and new customer additions. Most of the CapEx in our commercial businesses will be spent completing the wind projects we acquired last year and expanding our International segment. We continue to use a measured approach when we access international investment opportunities and any investments will be made with offshore [ph] cash. Let me conclude by giving you a quick walk-through of our projected 2008 cash flows. Based on our $1.27 per share target, we expect total sources of cash to be about $3.4 billion. Total uses of cash are estimated to be $6.5 billion. This total includes approximately $5.1 billion in CapEx for expansion, environmental, maintenance, and other. The primary uses of cash are mostly the capital expenditures and investments that I just outlined along with the dividend payments of approximately $1.2 billion. The total dividend payments include the projected quarterly dividend increase of $0.01 per share beginning in the third quarter of 2008. So we expect our cash outflows to exceed our cash inflows by about $3.1 billion. This of course is driven by our re-investment in the businesses. Our strong investment grade balance sheet will provide us with significant flexibility in achieving our CapEx plans. We do not need to issue equity to fund our CapEx program. And while we started the year with $400 million in net cash, we still anticipate taping the debt capital markets in 2008. In fact, we already have done so. Duke Energy Carolinas raised $900 million in a two part first mortgage bond sale last month. We will be posting our financing plans on our website next week. With that, I will turn it over to Jim, for closing remarks.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, David. As you all can see, 2007 was a good year. I want to take this opportunity to thank our employees for such a productive year. I appreciate their hard work and their commitment to our company, they made it happen. Some of that productivity was on the regulatory front, and this slide provides a good view of how we resolved many of the regulatory uncertainties we faced in 2007. As you saw last week, we received our final air permit for the new Cliffside unit six in North Carolina. A week earlier, we’ve received the final air permit for the new coal gasification plant in Edwardsport, Indiana. We are proceeding the construction of these two plants, a total investment of approximately $4 billion over the next five years. These projects enable us to continue our long history of providing safe, affordable, reliable electricity to meet our customer's needs and support our state economies. These advanced coal technologies that we are building will eventually replace nearly 1,200 megawatts of older, hard meting units. These new plants along with our plans for energy efficiency, renewables, new gas plants, and a new nuclear plant serve as major steps in our efforts to reduce our carbon footprint. Internally, as you might expect, we used a more detailed scorecard to measure how we are doing, especially in generation, reliability, safety and customer service. Out commitment to continuously improve, means we annually set the bar very high. As an example, by every standards our nuclear fleet had an outstanding year, the third best ever. When as you can see the fleet's capacity factor is just all of our stretch target. This is an example of how we push our operations to do better everyday, every month, and every year. We are doing well in providing reliable service except for gas outages where we’ve had some work to do, we are tracking well on our safety record and our residential and large business customer satisfaction continues to improve every year. We focus on this scorecard because we understand the linkage between operational excellence and regulatory success. Keeping our customers satisfied, our rates comparative and our reliability high increases the probability that we can achieve favorable regulatory outcomes in the future. To give you a sense of what we are focusing on this year, I would like to quickly put 2006 and 2007 in perspective. In 2006, we completed the Cinergy merger. We successfully integrated the two companies, and we completed the spin-off of Spectra Energy, great momentum for '06. In '07, we sustained that momentum by continuing to harvest the merger savings. We achieved our financial targets and we removed significant regulatory uncertainty. So the question is, how do we continue creating shareholder value in '08 by maintaining this momentum? Our answer is by focusing on three primary areas. First, advancing our asset modernization strategy. I am so proud of the efforts of so many Duke Energy employees who helped us win state regulatory approval to build two of the cleanest coal plants in the nation. Our 630-megawatt IGCC plant in Edwardsport and our 800-megawatt advanced clean-coal plant in Cliffside North Carolina. These plants provide great value to our customers by enabling us to meet growing demand, while simultaneously retiring older, less efficient assets and shrinking our environmental footprint, an important step in decarbonizing our fleet for the future. But winning approval to build these assets is only the beginning of our asset modernization strategy. Across our operations in '08, we are carefully evaluating opportunities to deploy capital, further constructing wind turbines in Duke Energy Generation Services, new power generation facilities in Duke Energy International, our Clean-Tech infrastructure in franchised electric and gas, in a disciplined manner that provides benefits to our customers, our shareholders, and the environment. You will hear much more about the progress of this strategy as we move through the year. Second, continuing our proactive regulatory and legislative strategy. As we have said, '07 was productive and noteworthy year on the regulatory legislative front, from base load legislation in South Carolina, to regulatory approval power plants in two different states to resolution of our North Carolina rate review, I am pleased with all that we have got done. But ’08 will not be a year for resting on our accomplishments. There is much work to do to enhance customer and shareholder value so you will see us busy on the number fronts. These initiatives will focus on both creating value, such as securing implementation of our innovative Save-A-Watt plan in all of our states, as well as on protecting value, such as working to secure passage of federal carbon legislation that applies to all sectors of the economy and is fair to our customers as well as our investors. Later today, I am traveling to Columbia, South Carolina to testify before the Public Service Commission, where we have a partial settlement on our energy efficiency plan. I am especially pleased that we are receiving broad support for our plan, including from industrial customers and major environmental organizations. With this support, South Carolina could be the first state to approve our Save-A-Watt plan in '08. And yesterday, three major national energy efficiency organizations announced support for our Save-A-Watt proposal. Let me now turn to our third major initiative, and that is a continued relentless focus on operations and cost. I am proud of our way our employees kept their eye on the ball this year in running our operations. Particularly in the phase of record-setting heat and record-setting drought. Many CEOs in our industry would love to see the kind of operational scorecard I reviewed with you earlier. We are all about improvement and we have a belief that no matter how good you are, you could always be better. I have challenged the team to improve in everything we do and to continue to find ways to control our operating cost. With our focus on modernizing and decarbonizing our asset base, we are committed to keeping our major construction projects, such as Cliffside and Edwardsport on budget and on schedule. We will be very transparent with regulators and other interested parties about our progress. Additionally we face a large number of employee retirements in the near future and we are working to develop a plan to replace them. As you can see, we have a full plate in '08 and I will look forward to updating you on the progress of these initiatives throughout the year. Putting it altogether, we think we have a great value proposition for investors. We continue to make good progress toward achieving our goals including maintaining a strong financial position. We have a proactive regulatory approach, a 5% to 7% compound annual growth rate in ongoing diluted EPS through 12, annual dividend growth, our current dividend yield is approximately 4.5%, no anticipated equity offerings through 2012, excluding internal plans, and a strong balance sheet to provide flexibility. In closing, I would take up a moment to highlight some changes in our management team. Brew Barron, our Chief Nuclear Officer will be retiring next month. We really thank Brew, for his more than 35 years of service to our company. Later this month, Dhiaa Jamil, currently our Senior Vice president of Nuclear Support, and who has more than 26 years of nuclear experience with our company will succeed Brew as Chief Nuclear Officer. We have long been and one of the premier operators of nuclear plants in the U.S. and we have a deep bench of talent in our nuclear operations. Dhiaa is just one example of that talent. Since our last earnings call in November, Lynn Good became Group Executive and President of our Commercial businesses. With her extensive financial and energy experience, we know Lynn will do a great job. I know we've given you a lot of information in a relative short amount of time and want to ensure there was ample time for your questions. David and I are now ready to take them. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we'll hear first from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning, guys. Can you hear me?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I can, Paul. Welcome.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Thank you. Just wanted to touch basically on some sort of quick questions here, the favorable timing of fuel and power, could you just explain a little bit more about how much that was and what's causing that in terms of the timing and how that impacts earnings?
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Basically, in the Commercial businesses, they are not under FAS 71. So we under-collected fuel by about $40 million in '06 and we... that was over-collected in '07, by about $40 million.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So it's about an $80 million difference?
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: That's about the swing.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And that's a pre-tax number?
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then... and so... okay, I got you. And then, in terms of the... what was the actual loss on the residential properties, what was the impairment on this?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Our share was about $30 million, keeping that way [ph] on 49%.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. But you guys feel pretty confident that there are no losses going forward because of the value of your properties, correct?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Those were specific projects in Florida that we had to write down and were confident that the total portfolio is still very good.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Great. And then, finally with the interest expense, you said in the press release that about... it looks to me like the majority of that was associated with DEI. I'm sorry if I missed this, but what is it that DEI did in the quarter that impacted it and what currency impact was there in '07? I am sorry if I missed that as well, I got a few calls during the... I am sorry.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We have a piece of debt at Paranapanema that's about $540 million. That updates regularly based on inflation in Brazil and that was the interest impact that we were talking about.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And then, the EBIT number for FX was $18 million for the year of EBIT and $6 million of net income.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Great. Thanks a lot.
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Paul, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now move on to our next question from Jonathan Arnold with Merrill Lynch.
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Welcome, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Thank you guys. Couple of quick things. I noticed in the forecast for the corporate segment; you have it as a drag of about $265 million for 2008. And I think remembering back to when you gave this original post-merger guidance, I think you've been talking about numbers more in the 200 range and maybe even a little below. So can you help sort of bridge what the differences, why are you not expecting that to be higher, is it costs that were previously in the segment, so something different?
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Well let me give you three numbers; when we came out with our '07 forecast, the number was $215 million that we told you for the other segment, and that is actually where we had a fair amount of our stretch. That number ended up at $235 million for the year and then next year it's $265 million. I think if you think about the $265 million, that range is a good run rate going-forward. Obviously we would hope to beat that, but that also has some of the activities associated with energy efficiency and some of the gas activities really.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: So you are saying that you haven't managed to drive down this corporate cost quite as much as you might have hoped a year ago. Is that…
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Well I think we have driven them down pretty effectively. In '06 they were $344 million, so we have driven them down a lot, but it looks to me like the run rate is going to be in the $265 million range.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks David. And one other thing I had was that you gave the $700 million forecast for interest in 2008. Is that net of interest income or is that the actual interest expense?
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: That's the gross number. We would expect to have some interest income. The interest income will... we have less cash now, the interest income should be $50 million or a number of that nature.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: And just finally on the same subject, how much capitalized interest is there within that forecast, more or less?
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Well, to tell you the truth, Jonathan, I don't have that number. We can get that number. But if you look at our expenditures, the biggest expenditures would be on Cliff side and on the IGCC, and the ADC rate in the Carolinas is 8.7%. But we can get you the number of how much is capitalized interest.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I might just squeeze one last thing, and you have mentioned mark to market at Commercial Power, I'm not sure you've mentioned this in response to Paul's question. Well how much was that in the quarter and maybe the year?
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: It is $13 million positive, and so the driver was that is that coal went up so it has a positive mark-to-market, power went up also, which has a negative mark-to-market. But the gains on the coal were bigger than the losses on the power.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: That's the quarterly numbers.
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: $13 million is the year number.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay.
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Actually it's the same number, the year and the quarter.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you very much guys.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Jonathan, thank you.
Operator: All right. Now I will move on to our next question with Ashar Khan with Beth Capital [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Welcome Ashar.
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: I just wanted to go through Commercial Power, how to bridge between '07 and '08. And David, if I am right, Commercial Power is being reported without synfuel rate because that's how the earnings are being shown. So now the '07 reported number has no costs of synfuel operations, if I'm correct?
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: You are correct.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Then if you can bridge me through '07 going to '08, especially with what Midwest assets did in '07, and what you are projecting them to do with '08, and I think so there is a purchase accounting adjustment as well, if you could help, I would appreciate it?
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Let's walk through a few numbers. So we... 2007 was $278 million, but we talked earlier about the fuel over-collection of $40 million that is from the '06 time period, so that's in the $278 million, and we had a positive mark-to-market of 13. So if you take those two items out that wouldn't repeat in '08. You would have $225 million as a starting point. Purchase accounting is going to improve $105 million next year so, we add $105 million to that to $225 million and you are at the $330 million and the balance of $55 million is improvement in the business. And that's improvement in three areas, one is in the gas plants that you mentioned, one is in Duke Energy Generation Services as the wind facilities begin to come home, and the final one is improvement in sales and margins associated with the commercial business.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That was very helpful. And then David, why are we expecting flat growth in the international business '07 to '08?
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: I think the big strength of the international business this year was in two areas that we have assumed aren't as strong next year. One is in Peru, which had some transmission constraints that ended up very positive for us, and second one is in National Methanol, and we have assumed a bit lower prices from Methanol next year.
Unidentified Analyst: But then we are investing in the international business. Could you just mention about that and how those investments return into profitability... your earnings going forward?
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Built into the numbers, we’ve given you for international. We do have some growth and that growth is really associated with the Hydro plants we're building in Brazil. But the detriment in Peru and the reduction in National Methanol more than offset that and kept it flat basically.
Unidentified Analyst: And if I can end up, this is from memory. You had mentioned in your September Analyst Meeting that from a base of… I guess the Commercial Power and the Duke International, the '08 base and then you expected a 10% growth rate in EBIT going forward. So, would that still stands today rate so we can take the 380 and the 385, which is something like 765 and expect a 10% growth rate in that EBIT going forward on an annual basis?
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Well, that's what we talked about through 2012, but that will be lumpy also.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Could you just mention the lumpiness?
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: That growth rate has presumptions of investments that we make, both in wind forms and in international, and the exact timing of those depends on when we can find the right opportunity.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. But you already...
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: The underlying business should grow pretty smoothly. It's the... the new deals that you have to find.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. But you are on track for those new deals as we are investing today, correct?
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. We are making investments today both in the wind and in the Hydro in Brazil.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Okay. I appreciate it.
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Ashar thank you very much.
Operator: We'll now hear from Lishan Julang [ph] with RBC Capital Markets.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Welcome.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. Yesterday there was an article in the Wall Street Journal that said three major banks are going to stop funding new coal-fired projects. This seems to be a trend in the whole power sector. Could you comment on effects on Cliffside financing, potential? And second if you are confident that any kind of carbon cost leveraged by the federal government would be appropriately recoverable by Duke and basically are you sure that you can pursue a nuclear facility without Yucca Mountain completely authorized to collect nuclear waste?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Those are three really good questions and I think it would take the rest of our time for me to do justice to them, they are such good questions. But first with respect to the three banks, the bottom line is those our… power plants will be basically funded on our balance sheet. We will be raising… as we raise debt in the future to fund this, it will be for the entire operations. We won't be specifically funding any... either one of these two plants. Most importantly is the coal gasification facility in Indiana really is a plant that gives us the capability to be able to capture carbon to the extent we can do carbon capture sequestration at that facility and of course, our Cliffside plant has the capability to be ready for any new technologies that may along with respect to carbon capture. So, we think the bank's position on this is we understand it, we don't think it will have any impact on our funding of our capital program going forward. With respect to carbon legislation, it's clear that we are on track to get carbon legislation in this country. I believe in '09 or '10, it looks like it will be a nation-wide cap and trade system. There is a lot of debate with respect to the allocation of allowances and that is really critical from our standpoint in terms of impact on our customers. But in every jurisdiction, we do business today, we have the ability to recover the cost of compliance with Federal Environmental Laws. And in fact, we just came out of $5 billion cap spend where basically on the capital program, we were nick to nickel [ph] by any other regulators with respect to those expenditures and all of them is to reduce SOX, NOX and mercury from our existing plants. So, we are confident that we will be able to recover these costs going forward. We believe that we are really standing in the shoes of our customers as we debate these issues in Washington to try to minimize the impact on our customers and on the communities we serve and our communities have long been reliant of upon coal to supply electricity. With respect to your third question on nuclear, we filed in December, our construction operating license application with the NRC for our lead plant. We believe that under the existing laws even though Yucca Mountain has not been resolved that the NRC will be able to grant us a license… construction operating license to go forward. We do believe that the Yucca Mountain issue or the spent fuel issue needs to get resolved. And we are working hard to get resolution of that issue.
Unidentified Analyst: How many years of storage do you have planned for your new nuclear plant should Yucca Mountain not be ready in time?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We have adequate storage at all of our existing sites to continue to operate them in terms of their licenses.
Unidentified Analyst: Fantastic. Thank you.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: All right. And we get Next from Paul Wilson [ph].
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Paul, welcome.
Unidentified Analyst: You indicated that the $100 million of weather EBIT benefit was offset by comp and I guess O&M to meet the higher operating requirements of plants in the heat. What was the split between those two?
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: The incentive goals were about $45 million over last year. They were about $60 million over the plan. And then maintenance was... I think that was $40 million, does that sound right?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think that's right.
Unidentified Analyst: These are pre-tax numbers?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: $50 million of maintenance. Yes, those are both pre-tax numbers.
Unidentified Analyst: What should the O&M look like directionally versus '07 through '08?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We run the budgets, the O&M is up very, very modestly but that's all we reflected in the 24,20 of earnings that we provided as the EBIT goal. So we expect the total franchised electric to be up $115 million next year, and that's with normal weather.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much for your question.
Operator: Thank you sir. And now, we will go to Bern Court, Andrew Levy [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys. Good morning.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning and welcome.
Unidentified Analyst: Glad, I got a welcome. Jim, this question is for you, I guess you recorded is a Reuters' story out of Duke has earned the right to do and another deal. And there is some statement in there about why them have a smaller carbon footprint. Could you may be just go into that?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, I'll be delighted to. We are not look back that fact that we gained approval for our merger 11 months from five states that was work speed. And I put a tick in the box as a success in terms of getting the requisite regulatory approvals. When I looked at how we have intergraded these two companies, how we harvest cost savings with more work to do, but I can put a tick in the box that we've been able to achieve what our expectations there. And so, it will be my judgment that we've earned the right to do another deal. The question is what is the criteria and when. And if were are fortunate enough to do another deal and that's just a matter of the timing and the opportunities that may present themselves, but our criteria obviously is it is for any combination its got to be accretive to earnings. It has got create value for shareholders. It has got to make sense from our customer's stand point. It has got to allow us to have the size and scale that is, I believe, will be increasingly necessary as the price tag on nuclear plants and coal plants continue to go up as we look at the significant capital programs that we have, so it would be my belief that we are well positioned. If you look back over the last 15 years, there has been continued consolidation at our industry. I think that's going to continue. I think the fact that we had two failed mergers in recent past, it seems to a period of where it is ebbing. I do believe that you're going to see addition combinations occur in our industry in the further and we'll start to move into more of a... the ebb and flow analogy a little more flow there. But from our standpoint our primary focus is what I would like to say is on the cake. And so I'm getting that 5% to 7% growth hammering it out, hammering out our... and getting the regulatory initiatives we have resolved as we did last year. It is bringing these two plants in on time under budget. That's our primary focus and that's going to create the value. It will be icing on the cake for us, if we're able to find the right strategic partner that will allow us to meet our criteria, one the criteria you mention is a combination, may be with the company that at the end of the day there's a carbon footprint a smaller as a consequence of the combination. I mean that's just one the many criteria, and quite frankly you never find a partner that matches up on every one, that's just the reality of combinations. But, my point was simply, we've earned right, we're opportunistic, our primary focus is on the blocking and tackling and to make sure, there is no confusion about that. Thank you though for the question.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you, as always thanks.
Operator: Okay. And now, we will move on to Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Hi guys, congratulations on a good quarter and a good year.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. And welcome Michael.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Thank you guys. Couple of easy questions for you. When you think about the long term growth rate of the Latin American business on the existing assets, how should we think about that, and it's kind of hard for us to model out growth of the acquisitions owned because it's... we don't really know what's you're going to buy. So, on the existing asset base what do you view as the long-term growth rate?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We haven’t really thought about it exactly like that... Michael but I think as demand keeps growing in Brazil, the key driver is going to be the new assets that we bring in and the higher prices. So, I think if you thought about it in a way that parallels the growth in Brazil, you should see our underlying growth move with it.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Also on the real estate business… on your equity investment in Crescent. Can you talk about kind of your outlook for the next year or so given the overall U.S. real estate market?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We've put out… our 49% target is the $75 million. Our businesses that are in the commercial area especially in the Charlotte area are doing well. Our businesses that are far amount of bluffs down in the Hilton Head [ph] area is doing very well. The businesses in Florida are not doing very well. So, that's really kind of the split, and for the question is how fast is this Florida bounced back?
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: And how much of a percent of total is Florida versus the other two component?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't have an exact percentage, but it's much smaller than the Hilton Head area and the Charlotte area.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it. And last question, we've seen Appalachian coal prices pretty much shoot to the roof over the last couple of weeks or so really last month or so. Can you talk about whether that's has any impact on what ever agreement you and the other companies reach in Ohio in the next few months?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It would be my judgment that this volatility and pricing for coal will not, we are at a delicate part of the negotiations today, before the legislature trying to put in place new legislation that would allow us to operate beyond the... into the rate stabilization period which ends at the end of '08. But, we don't see this volatility in pricing affecting that negotiation at this time.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you guys, much appreciated.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Michael.
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Okay. We'll now move onto Steve Weiseman [ph] with Catapult Capital Management
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Hi Jim.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Steve. Welcome.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. Couple of questions, first just detail one, the discontinued operations for 2007 was that, did you say that was the synfuel?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's the biggest single thing in there we moved that to discontinued operations in December.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Did that basically move all synfuel earnings out for the year?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, so the entire thing has moved out.
Unidentified Analyst: Including the tax benefits or not?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's right, both the expense of operating the plants and the tax benefits is netted in discontinued operations.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So that was net positive $0.02?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That was a positive $0.02.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Secondly on the Cliffside plant, you guys had put out a release prior to the approval by the department regarding I guess some of the democrat gubernatorial candidates coming out against the plan and the approval. Obviously, you got the approval now. What happens if one of those candidates becomes governor? As they indicated, it is a kind of water over the bridge at this point, under the bridge at this point or?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Probably under the bridge for one and over the bridge for the other. So, they will both be around in the election, but I think their position when you parch through the position and we've obviously had conversations, with the candidates since then, they will focus more on delay in the issuing of the permit not whether it should be done or not, it's the way I've read their press releases. The bottom line is that the permit has been issued and that ends the conversation, because we have both a certificate saying we need to build the coal plant and in fact our state commission say it would be improved to have not built it and built gas in lieu of it. When you see the article on the New York Times today on gas pricing the volatility is rising grass pricing it kind of reinforces the judgment that was made by the North Carolina commission on that point. So we have a certificate in hand, we have an air permit in hand that we've expected and we will be turning dirt and starting the construction process now. So we do not think that their position on this will affect us, now if you are looking forward in terms of building additional coal plants in North Carolina, our current view is that, as we look at our RFP and given the fact that we have a nuclear plant a plan to come online in 2018 timeframe, as that we look out we don't see the need for another base load coal plant for many years. In fact, I would go so far to say we don't need a another base load coal plant until carbon capture and sequestration technology has been commercialized with some people say could be as much as 15 years off. So, that's my way of saying that this issue will not present itself in the near term again and what's been done on the Cliffside can't be undone at this point.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great and then finally just on the growth rate comments that you made Jim, are you basically saying that you are still out of 5% to 7% long-term growth off of that $1.15, but feel more confident that you might be able to reach the high end of that?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much.
Operator: And we will now take our last question from Leslie Rich with Columbia Management.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Oh, I got in under the wire.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You did Leslie, welcome.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Thank you. As you look at the capital spending required for Cliffside and Edwardsport, have your projections changed?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Our projections have not changed and as you may remember with Edwardsport this is a cash quip project. And with respect to Cliffside it is AFP [ph] allowance or funds used during construction project with the ability to get cash quipped at our next general rate case, which our current plans, is probably in 2010.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Okay, so the timing and magnitude of the spend is more or less in line with what you've laid out?
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That is correct and actually one of the things we are doing Leslie and this is really a good question on your part. When the certificates in hand, our people have gone to work to really tie down the cost of the equipments that we'll be using, at the same time working to tie down the cost of labor in these projects. We are committed to on periodic basis and its monthly in the Carolinas and I don't have a remember the exact timeline in Indiana but to go back... in Indiana its every six months is to go back to the state commission and show them what our numbers are, show them how the cost are trending to keep them fully informed with respect to any cost increases we may experience. But our number one objective today is to tie these cost down, the fact there has been so many coal plants cancelled, our plants abandoned, this might take some of the pressure of the skilled labor market in the U.S. But more to come on that, but the goal line is to tie the cost and lock them down and bring these things in on time under budget.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Okay and then a question for David in terms of cash flow and funding, you show negative free cash flow of $3.1 billion and you said $1.1 billion of that would be funded with cash, is that what you said?
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Well, we have about $1.1 billion in cash and so we will use up our cash substantially this year, yes.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: And so you'd issue net debt of $2 billion?
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: We actually have about $1.5 billion of maturities this year also that will have to replace, so you have to add that in.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: So it's a $3.5 billion of new debt.
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: That is a good way to think about, we already did $900 million of that.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: So I am just wondering why your interest expense only goes up by $15 million, am I missing something?
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: I think the big driver is we had... we will be decreasing our use of commercial paper this year, we had a lot of commercial paper last year where we had sold the commercial paper and then reinvested the money. And I think that probably the difference is associated with our commercial paper plus the timing of the debt, a lot of the debt won't be till late in the year.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Okay and then finally, I am sorry you have said this twice or more. The purchase accounting adjustment of $105 million in Commercial Power in '08, is that what you are referring to when you said coal prices went up, power prices didn't go up as much or that was the comment about '07?
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: No. The mark-to-market question is what I was answering when I talked about coal prices and power prices.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Okay. So, what's happening with the purchase accounting?
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: So, purchasing accounting was about $110 million this year and it will be about $5 million… it was $110 million in '07, it will be about $5 million in '08, that's the $105 million plan.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Okay, great, thank you.
James E. Rogers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Leslie, thank you very much.
David L. Hauser:
- Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Leslie.
Operator: And Mr. Trauschke, I'll turn the conference back over to you for any closing or additional remarks.
Sean Trauschke - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you, Wendy. We want to thank you all for joining us today and as always our team will be available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Sean Trauschke - VP of Investor and Shareholder Relations  Jim Rogers - Chairman, President, and CEO David Hauser - Group Executive and CFO
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Ashar Khan - SAC Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Annie Tsao -Alliance Bernstein 
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Duke Energy ThirdQuarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for openingremarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investorand Shareholder Relations for Duke Energy, Mr. Sean Trauschke. Please go ahead,sir.
Sean Trauschke: Good morning, and welcome to Duke Energy's third quarter2007 earnings review. Leading our discussion today are Jim Rogers, Chairman,President, and Chief Executive Officer; and David Hauser, Group Executive andChief Financial Officer. Jim will begin today's presentation by providing ageneral overview of our results. Then David will provide more detailing contextaround our company's results and those of each of our businesses. Jim willclose with the discussion of our outlook for the remainder of 2007 and beyond. Followingthose prepared remarks, we'll open the lines for your questions. Before we begin, let me take a moment to remind you that someof the things we will discuss today concern future company performance andincludes forward-looking statements within the meanings of the Securities Laws.Actual results may materially differ from those discussed in theseforward-looking statements and you should refer to the additional informationcontained in Duke Energy's 2006 Form 10-K filed with the SEC and our other SECfilings concerning factors that could cause those results to be different thancontemplated in today's discussions. In addition, today's discussion includes certain non-GAAPfinancial measures as defined under SEC Regulation G. A reconciliation of thosemeasures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available on ourInvestor Relations website at www.duke-energy.com. With that, I will turn thecall over to Jim.
Jim Rogers: Thank you, Sean. Good morning, everyone, and thank you allfor joining us today. Most importantly, thanks for your interest and investmentin Duke Energy. We had a strong third quarter. As we said in our news releasethis morning, we reported ongoing diluted earnings per share of $0.48 for thethird quarter of 2007 versus $0.29 in the third quarter of last year. Thisreflects an improvement of approximately 21% in combined segment EBIT from ourthree major business segments: U.S. Franchised Electric and Gas, CommercialPower, and Duke Energy International. These strong results were partiallyoffset by a lower contribution from Crescent Resources. As you all may recall,most of last year's third quarter included Crescent as a wholly-owned subrather than an effective 50/50 joint venture. Our quarterly results also reflect the efforts of ouremployees in the Carolinas and the Midwest whomet our customers' record demand for power in both regions with a superioroperational performance. They worked around the clock to keep our generation,transmission and distribution infrastructure performing at peak efficiency. Iappreciate their dedication and hard work, without them this performance wouldnot have been possible. Based on these results we expect our annual earnings tofinish well above our 2007 employee incentive target of $1.15 on an ongoingdiluted EPS basis. We are pleased with our third quarter results, we are alsopleased with the progress we continue to make in our businesses, increasingsales, controlling our cost and advancing our legislative and regulatoryinitiatives. David is going to give you a major detail around the quarter'sresults, after that I'll provide updates on the five-year plan we presented toyou at our September 11th, analyst meeting. Particularly, our legislative andregulatory initiatives to recover the significant investments in ourinfrastructure we plan to make over the next five years. With that let me turn it over David.
David Hauser: Thank you, Jim. As Jim noted, Duke Energy reported ongoingdiluted earnings per share for the third quarter 2007 of $0.48 versus $0.29 inthird quarter 2006. The $0.29 excludes the results of the natural gasbusinesses, which were spun off as Spectra Energy in January 2007 and which arenow included in discontinued operations. Now, I will begin reviewing our business segment results.I'll start with our largest business segment U.S. Franchised Electronic andgas. The segment reported third quarter 2007 EBIT from continuing operations of$760 million, an increase of $82 million when compared to last years thirdquarter. The year-over-year improvement in segment EBIT was driven by favorableweather conditions, the completion last quarter of merger related ratereductions and increased wholesale volumes. These drivers were partially offsetby higher operation and maintenance cost, lower weather-normalized salesvolumes, and increased Clean Air amortization. First, let me put the favorable weather in perspective. Inthe Carolinas the number of cooling degreedays was the highest ever recorded in both August and September. In the Midwest,it was hottest August on record in Cincinnatiand the third hottest on record in Indianapolis.And the month of September ranked within the top 10 in both of those cities. Overall, the EBIT contribution from weather was about $100million. As we discussed in last quarter's call the merger related ratereductions ended in the second quarter of this year, except for small amountthat we will continue to share with our customers in Kentucky over the next five years.Additionally, long-term contracts effective in early 2007 drove the increase inwholesale volumes, primarily in Indiana.These positive drivers were partially offset by higher operation andmaintenance cost. The rise in operation and maintenance cost is actually areflection of how well we are doing this year. The increase is primarily drivenby the impact of increasing the accrual of our anticipated short-term incentiveplan payout to reflect above target results. I think you will agree that thisis a good thing as the plans incentive is based on Duke Energy's ongoingearnings per share for 2007. If it had not been for the additional incentive planaccrual O&M cost would have been flat. After normalizing for the strong summer weather, salesvolumes were down modestly for the quarter, particularly related to textile ourcustomers in the Carolinas. While we added62,000 new customers for all of FE&G, we are affected by general marketconditions such as the softening in the home building industry, as well asrelated industries. Also partially offsetting these increases was regulatoryamortization expense for North Carolina's Clean Air program of approximately $75million for the quarter, compared to approximately $63 million during the samequarter in 2006. The good news is that we have now met our amortizationobligation under the Clean Air legislation. As I mentioned earlier, regional growth continued to add tothe total customer base in third quarter 2007. Approximately 46,000 newcustomers were added in the Carolinas sincethe third quarter of 2006, a 2% increase. Approximately 16,000 new customerswere added in the Midwest in that same timeperiod, a 1% increase. For the quarter, the EBIT contribution from bulk powermarketing was approximately $12 million, net of the impact of sharing ofprofits with industrial customers. Next, I will review Commercial Power. For the quarter,Commercial Power reported segment EBIT of $121 million from continuingoperations, compared to $57 million of segment EBIT in the third quarter of2006. The segment's improved EBIT was driven by higher retail margins,resulting mainly from the timing of the recovery of fuel and purchase power cost,higher overall prices and favorable weather. We continue to be pleased with the improving performance ofour Midwest gas-fired generation assets. Forthe quarter, those assets contributed positive EBIT to the segment. Theimproved results fro the quarter were driven by record generation volumes andhigher revenues from capacity and tolling agreements. In fact, there was a 50%increase in the generation volumes, quarter-over-quarter. We don't expect thisevery quarter, but we do think that it highlights the tightening capacitymarket in PJM. Last month, we participated in the PJM capacity auction, forthe 2009-2010 planning year with 2,600 megawatts. The weighted average capacityprice for the 2,600 megawatt sold in the auction is $118 per megawatt day. Thequarter's positive drivers were partially offset by cost, related to higherproduction levels at our synfuel facility. The expense of running the synfuelfacilities is included in commercial power. But, of course the tax credit,which more than offsets the expense is in income taxes. The year-to-date impactof synfuel operations on earnings is about $0.04. If crude oil prices remain intheir current mid $90 range, the phase out for the year would be approximately65%, which would result in reversing $0.01 to $0.02 of this benefit in thefourth quarter. Finally, for the third quarter, commercial power EBITincluded $5 million of marked-to-market gains on economic hedges. Consistentwith Duke's past practices, we consider any marked-to-market impact as part ofongoing earnings. Now let us turn to our international business. For the thirdquarter of 2007, Duke Energy International reported segment EBIT fromcontinuing operations of approximately $92 million, an increase of $24 millionwhen compared to last year's third quarter. DEI improved results for thequarter, were driven mostly by higher pricing in Latin America, particularly inPeru, where power demand in Northern Peru resulted in higher prices whencompared to last year. The positive driver was partially offset by lower salesvolumes in Argentinadue to drought conditions in that country. DEI is developing two smallhydroelectric power plants in Brazilwith a combined installed capacity of 32.5 megawatts. The total investment isapproximately $100 million over a three-year period. This investmentdemonstrates our commitment to a measured approach toward expansion in thissegment using internally generated cash flows. Next up is Crescent Resources, ongoing results for thissegment were down $54 million in the third quarter of 2006 to $10 million inthird quarter of 2007. The lower current year results reflect the September2006 change from 100% ownership to an effective 50/50 joint venture. Reducedresidential developed plot sales and legacy land sales also contributed to thesegments lower results. You should note that third quarter 2006 ongoing resultsexcluded a $246 million pre-tax gain related to the creation of a joint-venturepartnership with Morgan Stanley's Real Estate Fund. Next, I'll review our other category, while it is notconsidered a business segment. Other primarily included costs associated withcorporate governance and Duke Energy's captive insurance company, BisonInsurance Company Limited. For third quarter of 2007, our other reported anongoing net expense from continuing operations of $49 million, compared to a$132 million in the prior year's quarter. The reduction was primarily due tolower cost related to captive insurance and our focus on driving down corporatecost. Last year, we recorded a charge of $58 million related to our interest inmutual insurance company, which had ceased writing business and was in theprocess of settling all claims. Now, I would like to go through a few other importantfinancial items. At the end of the third quarter, we had a net cash balance ofapproximately $1.1 billion, approximately $1.6 billion of cash, cash equivalentsand short-term investment offset by approximately $500 million of short-termcommercial piper outstanding. Interest income and other was $73 million for thequarter, compared to $21 million in the third quarter of 2006. The increase wasprimarily due to interest income related to an anticipated federal taxsettlement. Interest expense from continuing operations was relativelyflat over last year. For the third quarter of 2007 it was a $178 million,compared to a $182 million for the third quarter of 2006. Income tax expensefrom continuing operations for the third quarter of 2007 was $223 million,compared to $310 million in the third quarter of 2006. And the effective taxrate for the third quarter of 2007 was approximately 27%, compared toapproximately 39% during the same period in 2006. The lower effective tax rate in 2007 was primarily due tosynfuel production. The third quarter effective tax rate reflects therecognition of approximately $66 million of synfuel credits. We still expectthe effective tax rate for 2007 to be approximately 27% including the effect ofthe synfuel tax credits. With that I'll turn it back over to Jim.
JimRogers: Thank you, David. Let me start with the snap short of thefive year outlook that my team gave you during our analyst meeting inSeptember. We expect 5% to 7% ongoing diluted EPS growth through 2012, from the2007 base of a $1.15 our employee incentive target. We plan to spendapproximately $23 billion over the next five years. Nearly $19 billion of thiscapital is supporting our franchise electric and gas business segment.  Almost a quarter of this capital will go towards new coal,IGCC, gas and renewable generation resources to meet our customers' growingdemand. That system growth is also driving our proactive legislative andregulatory strategy, which will be my focus for the next few minutes. This slide reflects our current regulatory agenda. It showsyou, at a glance, the progress we are making on these initiatives. As you cansee, comprehensive energy legislation has been signed into law in both Northand South Carolina.Now let me spend a few moments talking in more detail, about some of theseother items. The first item on the list is the North Carolina rate review. You will recallthat in June, Duke Energy Carolina has filed with the North Carolina Commissionto increase its electric rates by 3.6%, effective Jan 1, 2008. As we often do,we work with a public staff and industrial customer groups to achieve aproposed partial settlement, which we filed last month with the commission.  If approved, the partial settlement will reduce overallcustomer rates, without significantly impacting current earning levels. This isdue to a corresponding downward adjustment to the amortization of Clear Airexpenditures. It also permits us to include our remaining Clean Airexpenditures of over $800 million in rate base. In the future, theseexpenditures will be made in '08 through '10. The proposed agreement gives us an 11% return on equity,with a 53% equity component, which translates to an overall rate of return ofapproximately 8.6%. We've also agreed to share 90% of profits from bulk powermarketing sales with customers, as opposed to the current 50-50 sharingarrangement.  Hearings were held last month on this and other issues. Weare complying with a data request from those hearings, and we would expect thecommission order on the proposed settlement in the unresolved issues later thisyear.  Next is Ohio.Our view is that legislation clarifying the post-2008 market framework in Ohio is both appropriateand necessary. We continue to focus our efforts on the recently passed SenateBill 221, which we believe provides a workable framework for the development ofnew technologies, for building of new generation, environmental improvement, aswell as energy efficiency.  However, the initial proposed legislation provided littleguidance to the Ohio Commission. In response, many suggestions offered lastweek by Ohio’sElectric Utilities and other stakeholders in the state, the commission’s rolewas more clearly defined. We believe this is a more balanced approach to givethe commission the necessary authority to assure long term price stability andto stimulate investments in energy infrastructure by preserving customerchoice.  The bill was recently unanimously passed by the senate, andnow moves to the House for consideration. We are working aggressively to seethe amended bill enacted as quickly as possible. There is more work that needsto be done with respect to this bill and we believe that will happen in theHouse process. We expect enactment by the end of the first quarter next year.  One more note on the Ohiofront, last week you saw that the Ohio Commission confirmed our 2004 ratestabilization plan, which have been remanded by the Ohio Supreme Court to theCommission for further consideration of two specific issues. Not only does theCommissions' ruling provide for continuation of existing rate structure, but italso approves recovery of rate components reflecting the cost of new pollutioncontrol equipment on Duke Energy Ohiogenerating stations and capacity cost associated with power purchase contractto meet customer demand. You heard David mention the positive EBIT contribution ofour Midwest gas lead to our third quarter earnings, with the continuingtightening of the Midwest power marketespecially in the western PJM region. Our Midwestgas plants are becoming more valuable. So much so, that we're increasinglyindifferent economically as to whether these asset are dedicated to native loadcustomers under our rate stabilization plant are dedicated to pure market-basedsales. Before I update you on our plans to our meet our customers'increasing demand for electricity, let me first update you on the exceptionaldraught we are experiencing in the southeastern part of United States in the Carolina's. In fact today in USA Today, therewas a story that talked about the acuteness of this draught.  Clearly, the acute shortage of rainfall in the past severalmonths has created an increasingly serious situation for water users in ourregion. The good news for Duke Energy is that a significant portion of ourgeneration in the Carolinas is located on twolake systems. Catawba-Wateree (inaudible) then including network of dams andreservoir that we operate to maintain adequate water supplies throughout theregion.  Working with our customers and other water users,particularly in the Catawba-Wateree river basin, we have seen waterconservation efforts mitigate somewhat the impact of the draught on useablewater storage levels. The significance and the importance of these assets toour region can be best seen and I say this to the eyes of someone who has justlearned about this system over the last year and half, of comparing it towhat's going on in Georgiawith Lake Lanier and other regions. So this systemis a very valuable asset. Assuming rainfall even approaches more normal levels than wehave seen in the past several months, we should be able to manage till thesummer of 2008 without any disruption to our electric customers. Waterconservation remains a key. Our over riding priority is reliability. So thenext several weeks are critical in our contingency planning to conserve waterin the river and the lakes for essential uses. Meanwhile we thank everyone inthe region for continuing to conserve water until normal rainfall returns.  Now an update on our efforts to modernize and expand ourgeneration fleet. We continue to move ahead on our plan to build a new unit atour Cliffside Steam Station in North Carolina. The comment period of air permit endedWednesday, so we expect the permit to be issued by the end of this year.Issuance of the air permit is the last regulatory hurdle we need to clearbefore beginning construction of the plant. In Indiana,we expect the Commission to issue an order by year end, approving the need andassociated rate making treatment for our proposed $630 megawatt IGCC plant atEdwardsport. We expect an air permit for the project to be issued in the firstquarter of 2008, with construction beginning shortly thereafter.  We plan to file our integrated resource plan with the Northand South Carolinacommissions in December. We believe our RRP will show a growing need for theLee nuclear station and the positive impact it will have on the communities weserve in the Carolinas. Because our resource plan is showing a need for the Leeplant, we have continued to prepare to seek all necessary regulatory approvalsfor the plant. We are on track to file yet this year, our application with theNuclear Regulatory Commission for a combined construction and operating licensefor Lee. We are also planning to file a certificate of public conveniencenecessity in South Carolinain 2008. These actions are necessary steps, as we continue to pursue the optionof building the new plant. As we have said before, we won't make any significantcommitments on equipment, labor or materials until we secure all necessary andappropriate regulatory approvals. Also this year, we will file a CPC inapplications to build two 600 to 800 megawatt combined cycle natural gas powerplants in North Carolina.One, at our Buck’s Steam Station by 2002 and the other at our Dan River SteamStation by 2011.  Renewable power is also a growing component of our supplyportfolio. Last month in Indiana,we issued an RFP for up to 200 megawatts of renewable energy by 2011. This isin addition to the renewal energy RFP Duke Energy Carolinas issued in April. Wereceived several and economically viable options from that RFP and we willdecide soon which to pursue.  We are also making good progress on increasing the roleenergy efficiency will have in meeting our customers’ future energy needs. Lastmonth, we filed our Save-a-Watt plans in South Carolinaand Indiana. Indiana’s is a statewhere we already have extensive demand-side management programs and our energy efficiencyfiling expands those 10 fold. You will recall that we have filed our Save-a Watt-plan lastspring in North Carolina and we expanded ourcurrent energy efficiency offerings in both Kentuckyand Ohio.  At the federal level our focus continues to be on climatechange legislation that is moving through the senate. In our view a viable billmust have four key components. First, it should control greenhouse gasemissions though an economy wide market-based cap and trade program thatutilizes a safety valve price mechanism. Second, it should support thedevelopment, demonstration and deployment of new technologies that will enablethe nation to reduce greenhouse gas emission over the long-term. Third, it should remove barriers to the deployment of zeroemission nuclear energy, and fourth, a fair allocation of allowances should bemade to consumers who rely on coal during this transition period to when we candeploy new technologies to capture and store carbon. While the recently introduced Lieberman-Warner Bill hascap-and-trade, we don't think it adequately protects the economies and thecustomers of the 25 states that produce more than 50% of their electricity fromcoal. This is primarily due to the Bill's provision for higher allowances. Wewill continue to work with the two senators and their counterparts on theEnvironment and Public Works Committee to develop effective and economicallysustainable climate change legislation and with fairly allocated emissioncredits. Now, I would also like to give you a quick update on ourcommercial businesses. You heard David talk about the strong quarterlyperformance in the Commercial Power and International Energy segments to ourthird quarter earnings. This is further evidenced of how the value of these assetshas improved even since our analyst conference in September. As we told you in September, we expect our Commercial Power,Duke Energy International, and Crescent segments to grow ongoing EBIT at acombined 8% to 10% on a compounded annual growth rate basis through 2012 andthat's all for 2008 base. In our international business, in Latin America, the economic trends continue to dramatically improve, asa result we are investing, as David mentioned, in high-quality generationprojects, including the two Brazilian hydro plants. In September, we told youthat Duke Energy International will invest up to $1 billion of growth capitalthrough 2012. Finally, as you know earlier this year we purchased 1,000megawatts of wind assets under development in the West and Southwest United States. We committed 430 million to the first threeprojects, our 240 megawatts in this portfolio and we expect to break ground onthe first project in Texasthis year. I believe, we've given the overall good sense of the manysteps we've made in the third quarter and for the year. When you add them allup you can see that we continue make progress toward our goals, includingmaintaining a strong financial position? We are very focused on our operations, on controlling ourcosts and earning fair returns for our investors. Our current dividend yield isapproximately 4.6% and we expect even stronger earnings growth in the future.We believe this is a great value proposition for investors. With that let's open the line so that David and I can takeyours questions.
Operator: Certainly. (Operator Instructions). And we'll take our firstquestion from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - CreditSuisse: Good morning.
Jim Rogers: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Eggers - CreditSuisse: First question, just on Ohio,you thought that there was some more work to be done with [Ohio's] legislation. Can you just give us arun down on what you think still needs to be added to get Ohio where it needs to be?
Jim Rogers: Well I going to be to, Dan, circumspect with respect this,because we are in that negotiating discussion, working through the solutionsphase, now that it's out of the senate into the House. And we are working withthe various stakeholders in the state to get greater clarity with respect. Ithink one of the areas that needs to be defined in a clear way is with respectto the Commission's ability to allow us to go to market in the whole process ofthe renegotiation, and how that will work going forward. So, there is work that needs to get done there. It isunclear whether utility, for instance, can recover capacity cost not associatedwith planning reserves and there is a need to get clarity with respect to thatprovision. And I probably can give you six or seven other areas, but I think itwould be more prudent from my standpoint and for our ultimate success to leavethat to those on the ground in Ohioto walk through the details of this going forward. But on balance, the senate did a good job of taking the governor'sproposal and shaping it in a way that's allowing us to move forward and thenext step is the House. They set a clear procedural schedule. They seemcommitted to dealing with it. And I think we are all confident that with alittle good luck and some further refinement, we can get legislation that makessense.
Dan Eggers - CreditSuisse: Fair enough. On the coal plant progress for development, youguys are making good progress as far as permits are concerned. Are you runninginto any resistance even with the progress around building these plants givenopposition elsewhere in the country both on conventional pulverizers as well ason the IGCC front?
Jim Rogers: I think there is a full court press by environmentalistthroughout the country to block the building of any new coal plant. And theyare ceasing on anything they confine that would throw up a roadblock to thebuilding of new coal plants in this country. And I think that's across thecountry. And there is no place that that's an exception. But, as we lookbetween now and 2030 in the United States where we will experience a 40% growthin demand, we need to add additional generation. We have worked hard to put alot of effort into investments in energy efficiency, as well as investments inrenewables. And renewables are quite frankly a little higher priced than coalgeneration. But we are working very hard to make sure we are maximizing thosein support of our need to build both coal and nuclear, so more to come on allthat. And by the way our plan in Indiana, whenthat is completed, will be the most efficient coal plant in the United States.And we have plans working with both EPRI as well as the Department of Energy todevelop a carbon capture and sequestration project there that will ultimately, ifwe can get the details worked out, offer hope with respect to using coal in thefuture and capturing the carbon that is a consequence of the burning of thecoal.
Dan Eggers - CreditSuisse: Okay. And I guess, one last one, Jim, you talked aboutsuccess in water conservation with the current drought conditions. Well,obviously, some pretty sizeable water consuming generation being proposed inthe region by you folks as part of your resource plan. Any thoughts onreconsideration on what might get built just to manage some of those waterresource considerations.
Jim Rogers: I think given the timeline adding additional generation nowto deal with the issue over the next year or two is just not doable. But, weare doing some thing that will make a difference. And let me give you just oneexample of that. We're adding new piping and valves to backup system. It's oneof our multiple backup systems at our McGuire Nuclear Station, which will allowthe plant to operate at lower lake level. We expect this work to be completedby early 2008. Cost of this work is part of normal operating cost and in thisthe power plants in the basin generate about 9000 megawatts of electricity toserve customers' needs. So, that's just one example of things that we're doing.We're looking around the region to make sure there is some adequate backuppower, going forward. But our current expectation, and remember for us job oneis reliability. Our current expectation is if we get close to normal rainfallwe're going to have no problem meeting the demands on our system through nextsummer.
Dan Eggers - CreditSuisse: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Moving on, we will take our next question from PaulPatterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson -Glenrock Associates: Good morning, guys.
Jim Rogers: Paul, welcome.
Paul Patterson -Glenrock Associates: Just to sort of follow-up on Dan's question on Ohio. I know you need tobe circumspect and there are lot of different issues that you're dealing with,but it sounds like if I understood your comments correctly, I guess the singlebiggest issue is the discretion that [FUGO] has in terms of determining whetheror not you are going to market, is that fair to say?
Jim Rogers: I think that's one of the key issues. I think the other keyissues is how do you establish the value of the deregulated generation. And Ithink on that specific, what I called the deregulated generation that has beendedicated under an RSP and that has kind of been a concern. The senator addressthat in a way -- in a clear way, but there is more work that needs to get donein other provisions. And like all legislation you really have to look at allthe pieces and make sure they are internally consistent. And as we work throughwe want to make sure they all tie together and don't leave any kind of gap thatwould create appeals in the future. But, we are comfortable let's say if itaddress the issue of that valuation going forward. But there are some otherissues that are critical to be addressed, but more work to do on that. But, onbalance we are moving in the right direction and I think that's the importantpoint.
Paul Patterson -Glenrock Associates: Okay. You guys are still pretty confident about getting itdone in early 2008?
Jim Rogers: Well you can never predict.
Paul Patterson -Glenrock Associates: Right. Sure.
Jim Rogers: Legislative processes, I'll tell you that. But, I thinkwhat's important to me is that senate unanimously voted out the Bill. Thatdidn't happen very often. And that says that they believe there is sense ofurgency here to act and move forward. The House immediately set a schedule thatto me indicates that they will be finished in January. We use the date, thefirst quarter, because we know how these things slip in the process, in termsof our own expectation. But, I think there is a recognition within the statethat we need to address this immediately, because the rate stabilization plansend at the end of the '08. And they also recognize the closer we get to thePresidential Election, the harder it would be to work through something thatmakes sense. So, to me, the fact that the House is set such a tight schedule,says we get it done in the first quarter and it gives us enough time to have aseamless transition to '09, and that is really critical to maintainingreliability to our customers in Ohio.
Paul Patterson -Glenrock Associates: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Jim Rogers: Thank you.
Operator: We will hear next from Steve Fleishman with Catapult.
Steve Fleishman -Catapult Partners: Yeah. Hi, Jim.
Jim Rogers: Steve welcome.
Steve Fleishman -Catapult Partners: Hi. On your commentary on the DENA assets, would you saythat you are may even be on track to meet the breakeven by '09 for those, oreven ahead to that?
David Hauser: Well, this is David. We had said that they would --initially we had said that was $60 million this year that we updated that to$30 million and I think we are in good shape to meet or improve on that and wehaven't changed our '09 guidance of being at breakeven in '09 at this point.
Steve Fleishman -Catapult Partners: Okay. And then, how much was the O&M increase at theutility that you talked about related to primarily the incentive comp.
David Hauser: For just the utility, that was the $36 million.
Steve Fleishman - CatapultPartners: Okay.
David Hauser: For the total company that was 51 million.
Steve Fleishman -Catapult Partners: Okay. And then finally, is there any more specific timelineon when the Indianacommission will rule?
Jim Rogers: I was in Indianajust this week and based on briefings there, the thought is it will probably bemore like late November, early December.
Steve Fleishman -Catapult Partners: Okay, thank you.
Jim Rogers: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jonathan Arnold withMerrill Lynch.
Jonathan Arnold -Merrill Lynch: Good morning.
Jim Rogers: Good morning Jonathan and welcome.
Jonathan Arnold -Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Couple of quick questions, you mentioned I thinka $100 million of weather in the utility. I want to just be sure that that'sversus normal?
David Hauser: That is a $100 million versus normal in the utility.
Jonathan Arnold -Merrill Lynch: And so, where are you David year-to-date on weather, in theutility?
David Hauser: Year-to-date, I'll tell you what, let us dig that number outand we'll tell you that in a minute.
Jonathan Arnold -Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then a slightly related one on, to what extent isit possible to put a figure on how much weather versus normal may havebenefited commercial power, and to what extent that is causing you to track andto what extent in the market?
David Hauser: Yeah, our estimate is that's about 10 million of benefit incommercial power.
Jonathan Arnold -Merrill Lynch: In the third quarter?
David Hauser: In the third quarter versus normal.
Jonathan Arnold -Merrill Lynch: Okay.
David Hauser: And of course keep in mind that all of this weather would beoffset by the increase in the incentive accrual that occurred because of thehigher earnings that we are experiencing.
Jonathan Arnold -Merrill Lynch: Right.
Jim Rogers: Jonathan, I would add to David's answer by saying that, andthat’s why we almost at the point of economic indifference, we see thesupply-demand balance tightening fast at PJM West. And as capacity marketsdevelop there, we really see the potential for improvement there coming fastand so, I think its not just weather, and it is in the short-term, but I thinkthere is a underlying fundamental that work here that will translate into greatervalue from those assets.
Jonathan Arnold -Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
David Hauser: Let me circle back to your first question, we pulled thatup. The weather for the year-to-date versus last year or versus the prior yearis about $190 million.
Jonathan Arnold -Merrill Lynch: 190?
David Hauser: Yes, versus the prior year.
Jonathan Arnold -Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then the incentive comp accruals you gave a 36 and51. Do they have, are they higher year-to-date number or was that just an accrualyou made in the third quarter that relates to the year.
David Hauser: That is basically third quarter accrual, because that iswhen we reached a conclusion that we would be above target on the incentive.
Jonathan Arnold -Merrill Lynch: Okay. So, the whole of the above targets element is capturedin that 51 million?
David Hauser: Yes, in other words that’s nine months worth of the abovetarget, but it was all booked in the third quarter.
Jonathan Arnold -Merrill Lynch: Okay. And I could just another quick thing. You mentionedthat you would have to reverse out a penny or two of synfuels year-to-date inthe fourth quarter if oil prices stay where they are. Why would you not havehad accrue that now, if that’s where the oil force are?
David Hauser: We closed the books at September 30, and the phase out atSeptember 30th was 50%. And as all prices have moved around since then, we didnot go reopen the books and remark-to-market.
Jonathan Arnold -Merrill Lynch: Perfect, thank you very much guys.
Jim Rogers: Jonathan thank you so much.
Operator: Next from Goldman Sachs will hear from Michael Lapides.
Michael Lapides -Goldman Sachs: Hey guys Michael Lapides here. Quick question in Indianaregarding Edwardsport, can you provide some commentary on some of the politicalpush back and discussions that are occurring regarding approval or potentialapproval of the plant and the role of various political figures in terms ofdiscussing it with the Commission?
Jim Rogers: We have experienced strong support in Indiana across the board. What I mean bythat, is that, at the local level, at the state level as well as in the federallevel, as you may know we have more than $400 million of tax credit inincentives that came out from DOE, from the state legislature and from thelocal communities. So they not only supported vocally, but they have supportedthe building of this plan in a financial way.  There was recently a hearing down in Bloomington, and theoverwhelming group that were there were in support, they actually buzz downfrom Edwardsport people, got together, went down there and made it clear thatit was critical to the success of their community that this plan gets build.Because on a local level, this is a plan that will provide great tax base to fundtheir schools, it will also provide jobs, and from an environmental standpoint,it will allow us to put in place the most efficient coal plant in the UnitedStates, and we are building it on our Brownfield site, and a 50 year plant willnow operate as a consequence of replacing it with this new plant. And we have gotten support from environmental groups in thestate, because we are committed to doing a carbon capture and sequestrationproject figure, and if you remember the MIT study, the MIT study made it veryclear that if we were going to get, be able to use coal in the future, we needto have some major carbon capture projects developed over the next five to tenyears. This will be the first commercial coal gasification plantbuilt in United States, thegeology in Indianais almost perfect for carbon capture, I mean for sequestration. So we areworking to develop that, so we've got state and local support, we have federalsupport, we have the major environmental groups support. We still have somegroups that oppose it, because they oppose all coal plants. But on balance, wethink across the state, there is strong support for the building of this plantat every level.
Michael Lapides -Goldman Sachs: Got it. Thank you. Much appreciate it. Where do you thinkthis heads in terms of cash returns during construction and whether the projectROE will differ from the current normalized ROE at utility, at DSI?
Jim Rogers: That's really a good question, and I am trying to think howto answer this. And I guess the way I would say is, is that, we’ve asked for anincentive ROE with respect to this and that will be a judgment that will bemade by the Commission with respect to that. In Indiana,we have quip so we are allowed to get cash as we go as we build, and the waytheir proposed order is written, is that when they approve the need for theplant, they approve the mechanism that allows us to recover the cash during theconstruction.  So that approval will give us both the ability to build andthe ability to recover as we go. We are totally confident of that becausethat's exactly the way the law works, once the certificate is granted. It willbe the commission as judgment with respect to what the ROE is, it will eitherbe the current ROE or the incentive ROE, but that will be a judgment that theywill make.
Michael Lapides -Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you. Much appreciate it guys.
Jim Rogers: Thank you.
Operator: We're going to take our next question from Ashar Khan withSAC.
Ashar Khan - SAC: Good morning.
Jim Rogers: Good morning Ashar.
Ashar Khan - SAC: David, I just want to understand if I have my math right,you earned $0.31 in the last quarter of fourth quarter for the Duke EnergyCompany. And according to your tables, you are at 103 or 104. So if you canmatch last years' results we should be at like 135 range, and then what you arealso saying if I heard that majority of the gain from the weather has beencancelled by the compensation hit. So I guess there is growth in earnings fromthat level onwards in '08. Are any of my assumptions wrong?
David Hauser: Yes. But, so let me just go through them a little bit. Ifyou look at last year, we made about $0.23 in the fourth quarter when you stripout Spectra and all that.
Ashar Khan - SAC: Okay.
David Hauser: So, that would be one significant difference. Then if I lookat the weather discussion, we had about a $100 million in franchise andelectric and about $10 million in the commercial, so about $110 million totaloffset by about $51 million increase in the incentives. So, you still had $50million to $60 million net benefit there.
Ashar Khan - SAC: Okay.
David Hauser: Now did that answer both.
Ashar Khan - SAC: Okay. No I was just, I'd thought you aren’t like $1.07 forthe whole company last year now.
David Hauser: I think that’s right, I think that is right.
Ashar Khan - SAC: Okay. Because then I guess there might be something on thetable because there ongoing earning table said that for 2006 to year-to-dateearnings were $0.76 as I guess there's a discrepancy somewhere in the mathsomewhere?
David Hauser: We’ll take a look at that and we'll figure it out, and theIR folks can talk about it, but I don’t know the answer of that at the top ofmy head.
Ashar Khan - SAC: Okay. So, if you match your earnings then you're saying youwill like around 127, 128 level range.
David Hauser: We aren’t getting that specific, but we're very clear thatwe'll be well above our incentive target.
Ashar Khan - SAC: Okay. Thank you.
David Hauser: Thank you very much.
Operator: We're going to take our next question from Nathan Judge withAtlantic Equities.
Jim Rogers: Nathan welcome.
Nathan Judge -Atlantic Equities: Good morning. Just wanted to ask a question about theassumption as far as earnings with regard to those plants plus sides in theIGCC plant. When you look out I believe those plants are going to be completedsometime tentatively in the 2012 period. Under the Analyst Day I think you saidthat you are going to be going into rate case. Will those plans then beginfully earning in 2013, is that the expectation?
Jim Rogers: I think it works a little different in that. First with theIGCC, because we have quip we'll get both cash and earnings during the buildingof that facility, and that will start once we start construction. In NorthCarolina we have the potential for -- and we do that without having a generalrate case, it just automatically happens during that period of time, because wedon't -- as I remember do not have scheduled a general rate case in Indianauntil the end of the five year period. But we still get the cash and theearnings along the way.  In North Carolina I think we have a rate case scheduledaround 2010, and at that point the way the law works, we will go and then makeadjustments with respect to quip at that time and going forward, but during theend we will be accumulating AFTC which will affect earnings during that periodof time, but would not translate in to cash.
David Hauser: Let me just add one thing that you maybe are focusing ownNathan. If you look at the year 2012, when the coal plant comes in service,there is a lag between when it comes in service and when rates are granted. Soyour presumption that it would be fully covered in rates in 2013 is a goodpresumption, but all of what Jim said is absolutely true too. So it's just 2012that is the anomaly in the way we modeled it.
Nathan Judge -Atlantic Equities: So its kind of thinking to that, it means that there couldpotentially be some uplift in pretty meaningful uplift as these tend to come onin 2013.
David Hauser: While we haven’t though run our models up to, now you areasking us to do a signal forecast.
Nathan Judge -Atlantic Equities: Just with regard to the impact and this goes back to theanalyst day, but rates go up 5% with quip, assuming that they Edwardsport plantto be approved in Indiana.
David Hauser: I would have said, your logic is good, but we haven’t run2013.
Nathan Judge -Atlantic Equities: Okay. Thank you very much.
Jim Rogers: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Lasan Johong with RBC
Lasan Johong - RBCCapital Markets: Good morning, yes. My question is on Edwardsport. What makesthe geology in Indiana so receptive to carbon sequestration, are we talkingabout lime stones, are we talking about old gas and oil wells, or what are wetalking about?
Jim Rogers: I think primarily the Edwardsport plant is really built inthe coal producing region of the state. And it's primarily a limestoneformation there. And that’s why it is so conducive to capture -- storing CO2.
Lasan Johong - RBCCapital Markets: So has your scientist discovered a catalyst that would bindCO2 to limestone in old fashioned, it doesn’t take 200 years for a ton to bind.
Jim Rogers: Well, you've just moved beyond my expertise with thatquestion. What I have been told is that, again there is some sequestration donetoday in the United States,and it's primarily in the southwest where you're re-injecting CO2 in thereservoirs to get additional oil and natural gas out.  Here the situation is that you would be re-injecting it intothese limestone formations. And we would start out by only doing a portion ofthe CO2, and you should remember it's easier to capture carbon coming fromsyngas and coming from the emissions of the coal plant, and the technology iswell developed to capture the carbon. The difficult and the thing that we willbe testing, this is why it will be a test project is exactly how storage works,can we manage any seepage from it. And there is a lot of very technicalquestions that need to be answered, and that's why we believe in this countryand this is part of the debate on Capita Hill.  It's going to take a decade to a decade and half to reallydevelop carbon capture and storage technology and to take it a commercial levelin this country. This plant in this location offers an opportunity for us todevelop that technology.
Lasan Johong - RBCCapital Markets: So basically the idea at this point is not necessarily toprovide energy, but it's more of a technology research venture?
Jim Rogers: With respect to the plant itself, we need the energy and itis the least cost option for us to build this coal gas plant. So, we will betaking all the output of the plant and because it's our most efficient plant,it will be one of the first that's actually dispatched in our system, becauseof the efficiency of the plant. The experimentation part will be capture of thecarbon and storage, which will done contemporaneous with the operation of theplant. Now, there is some technical issues around that, because as we'vetalked, reliability is number one in running that plant, as much as we can runthat plant at the highest load factor is our goal line. But, we are prepared totry to do both because its so critical not just to our company who is the thirdlargest consumer of coal in the country, but its so critical to our entirecountry that we develop this technology going forward.
Lasan Johong - RBCCapital Markets: Have you compared emission output on this plant to say aCCGT, a conventional CCGT?
Jim Rogers: I think I haven't and I really couldn't make that comparisonfor you.
Lasan Johong - RBCCapital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Jim Rogers: Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our final question from Annie Tsao withAlliance Bernstein.
Annie Tsao - Alliance Bernstein: Good morning.
Jim Rogers: Good morning, Annie.
David Hauser: Good morning.
Annie Tsao - Alliance Bernstein: Few questions for both of you. First David, you said weshould assume effective tax credit for '07 to be 27%. What should we anticipatefor '08? And what kind of synfuel tax credit should we assume?
David Hauser: You should assume 33% for '08 and there is no synfuel in '08anymore.
Annie Tsao - Alliance Bernstein: Thanks. Good. That's what I am trying to clarify. And alsoJim, is there any backup planning for the drought situation in case of youdon't get the water level to normal?
Jim Rogers: We have built a number of contingency plans, because ourgoal line is to work our way through this problem in a way that is seamless toour customers. So, I mentioned a few moments ago the work that we're doingaround the McGuire Nuclear Station. The other things we're doing, is lining uppotential supplies and looking at alternative supply sources during somecritical periods going forward. So, our team, and I am very proud of our teamin terms of the work they've done to develop a wide range of contingencies. So,at the end of the day we're able to continue to supply power 24/7 when peoplethrow the switch.
Annie Tsao - Alliance Bernstein: Okay. Andyou mentioned also Lieberman and Warner legislation. You don't think theyprotect consumer, can you elaborate that a little bit in more detail?
Jim Rogers: Yes.
Annie Tsao - Alliance Bernstein: How you think that operates?
Jim Rogers: This bill is, one, does not have safety valve which theBingaman bill did. And that is a flaw in the bill in terms of protectingconsumers against the volatility in the rise in the price of CO2 during theseearly periods when technology is yet to be developed. The second thing is thatthey have not allocated the allowances in a way -- that in my judgment arefair, particularly to those state that are so dependent on coal. About 50% ofelectricity in this country comes from coal and actually it's concentrated in25 states. And in these 25 states, under the Lieberman bill, you could seeprices increase as much as 30% and 40% unless they adjust these allowances. So the industrial heartland of our country in the Southeasthit in face with what I would effectively call a carbon tax, or new charges ontheir generation. So this, like many issues as in the energy area, and theenvironmental area, are not issues of Republicans versus Democrats. They arereally issues between regions of the country and what fuel we are depended on.And so, to the extent that we are dependent on coal, the way this legislationis structured it basically punishes those who have dependent on coal. And thatto me at the end of the day is equity issue, a fairness issue, and quitefrankly, that is going to have to get resolved before you really get completesupport from Congress to pass any legislation on carbon in this country.
Annie Tsao - Alliance Bernstein: Thanks.
Operator: And Ms. Tsao was there anything further.
Annie Tsao - Alliance Bernstein: No. Thank you.
Jim Rogers: Well, thank you all very much for being here today. Weappreciate your interest and investment in our company, and we are working hardto deliver for you. Thank you all very much.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference. Again, thank you allfor your participation. We do hope you enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-08-07 10:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Sean Trauschke - VP, IR   Jim Rogers - Chairman, President & CEO   David Hauser - Group Executive & CFO 
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse   Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates   Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.   Asanza Young - RBC Capital Markets   Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch   Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs   Leslie Rich - Columbia Management   Shalini Mahajan - UBS Securities 
Sean Trauschke: Good morning, and welcome to Duke Energy's second quarter 2007 earnings review. Leading our discussion today are Jim Rogers, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and David Hauser, Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer. Jim will begin today's presentation by providing a general overview of our results then David will provide more detail and context around our Company's results and those of each of our businesses.  Jim will close with the discussion of our outlook for the remainder of 2007 and beyond. Following those prepared remarks, we will open the lines for your questions. Before we begin, let me take a moment to remind you that some of the things we'll discuss today concern future Company performance and include forward-looking statements within the meanings of the Securities Laws.  Actual results may materially differ from those discussed in these forward-looking statements and you should refer to the additional information contained in Duke Energy's 2006 Form 10-K filed with the SEC and our other SEC filings concerning factors that could cause those results to be different than contemplated in today's discussions.  In addition, today's discussion includes certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined under SEC Regulation G. A reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable net GAAP measures is available on our Investor Relations website at www.duke-energy.com.  With that, I will turn the call over to Jim. 
Jim Rogers: Thank you, Sean. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We had an outstanding second quarter. As we said in our news release this morning, we reported ongoing diluted earnings per share of $0.25 for the second quarter of '07 versus $0.24 in the second quarter last year. This reflects an improvement of $0.07, or a 30% EBIT increase in combined ongoing results from our three major business segments: U.S. Franchised Electric and Gas, Commercial Power, and Duke Energy International.  These strong results were offset by a lower contribution from Crescent Resources. As you may recall, last year second quarter included Crescent as a wholly owned sub rather than an effective 50/50 joint venture this quarter. The third quarter is typically the period where our customers demand and our electricity sales are the highest. With normal weather the rest of the year, and maintaining our focus on our operations and costs, we currently expect to exceed our 2007 employee ongoing EPS incentive target of $1.15.  We are pleased with our second quarter results, but even more pleased with the significant progress we continue to make in our key growth areas: increasing sales, controlling costs, and advancing our legislative and regulatory initiatives. David is going to give you a more detail around the quarter's results. After that, I will provide updates on our legislative and regulatory efforts to recover the significant investments in our infrastructure; we plan to make over the next three years.  I will also give you more information about the Analyst Conference, we are planning for September, where we will update you on the timing and amount of our CapEx spend as well as its impact on our future earnings growth.  With that, I will turn it over to David. 
David Hauser: Thank you, Jim. As Jim noted, Duke Energy reported ongoing diluted earnings per share for the second quarter of 2007 of $0.25 versus $0.24 in the second quarter of 2006. The $0.24 excludes the results of the natural gas businesses which were spun off as Spectra Energy in January 2007, and which are now included in discontinued operations.  Now I will begin reviewing our business segment results. I will start with our largest business segment, U.S. Franchised Electric and Gas. The segment reported second quarter 2007 EBIT from continued operations of $452 million, an increase of $101 million, when compared to last year's second quarter. The year-over-year improvement in segment EBIT was driven by favorable weather conditions, increased wholesale volumes and lower purchase power.  These drivers were partially offset by higher operation and maintenance costs and required rate reductions due to the Cinergy merger. In the Carolinas, cooling degree-days for the second quarter of 2007 were approximately 10% above normal, compared to 1% below normal during the same period in 2006. For the Midwest, cooling degree-days for the second quarter of 2007 were approximately 52% above normal compared to 7% below normal during the same period in 2006.  Cooler than normal weather in the early part of the quarter also contributed to the favorable weather variance. In the Carolinas heating degree-days were approximately 10% greater than normal, compared to approximately 24% below normal during the same period in 2006. In the Midwest, heating degree-days were approximately 19% above normal, while in the second quarter of last year, they were approximately 28% below normal.  Overall, weather contributed $39 million of EBIT, or about $0.02 per share versus normal weather. Versus last year, which was below normal, weather contributed about $66 million of EBIT, or $0.03 per share. The increase in wholesale volumes was primarily due to additional long-term contracts in 2007.  These positive drivers were partially offset by higher operation and maintenance costs driven primarily by outages at our nuclear plants as well as storm costs from an April 2007 windstorm in the Carolinas. Also partially offsetting these increases was an incremental $22 million related to the sharing of merger savings with our customers. As we discussed in last quarter's call, the merger related rate reductions ended in the second quarter of 2007, except for a small amount that we will continue to share with our customers in Kentucky over the next five years.  Second quarter 2006 results included an $18 million charge based on a North Carolina regulatory order, which changed the calculation for bulk power profit sharing. There was also a charge of approximately $12 million for community donations associated with the merger approvals in North Carolina.  Regional growth continued to add to the total customer base in the second quarter of 2007. Approximately 47,000 new customers were added in the Carolinas since the second quarter of 2006, a 2% increase. Approximately 17,000 new customers were added in the Midwest in that same time period, a 1% increase. For the quarter, the EBIT contribution from bulk power marketing was approximately $17 million, net of the impact of sharing of profits from wholesale power sales with industrial customers.  Regulatory amortization expenses for North Carolina's Clean Air program were approximately $56 million for the quarter, compared to approximately $62 million during the same quarter in 2006. We expect total expenses to be about $190 million in 2007 in order to meet the minimum required by the Clean Air legislation.  Next, I will review Commercial Power. For the quarter, Commercial Power reported segment EBIT of $35 million from continuing operations, compared to $20 million of segment EBIT in the second quarter of 2006. The segment's improved EBIT was driven by an increase in retail customer demand, thanks to favorable weather and higher pricing in 2007 as compared to 2006.  The segment also benefited from improved results for the Midwest gas-fired generation assets due to higher generation volumes and lower operating expenses. We are particularly pleased with the improved results of our Midwest gas-fired generation assets. We had told you earlier that we expected ongoing EBIT losses of $60 million in 2007 from those assets but they are performing better than anticipated.  Additionally, the PJM auctions have been very successful this year. As a result, we now anticipate losses of about one-half of our original projection and we expect these assets will reach their breakeven point by 2009 on an ongoing EBIT basis.  The quarter's positive drivers were partially offset by higher operation and maintenance costs, mainly due to planned outages, and costs associated with increased synfuel production, as a result of the acquisition of additional plants in 2007. The expense of running the synfuel facilities is included in Commercial Power, but of course the tax credit, which more than offsets the expense, is in income taxes.  The year-to-date impact of synfuel operations on earnings is about $0.01. As promised, we will continue to provide the effect of mark to market treatment as a separate earnings driver. For the second quarter, Commercial Power's EBIT included $22 million of mark to market gains on economic hedges. Consistent with Duke's past practices, we consider any mark to market impact as part of ongoing earnings.  Now let's turn to our international business. For the second quarter of 2007, Duke Energy International produced ongoing segment EBIT from continuing operations of approximately $97 million, an increase of $18 million when compared to last year's second quarter. DEI's improved results for the quarter were driven primarily by higher margins in Latin America as well as lower power purchases. You may recall that turbine outages in Peru during the second quarter of 2006 resulted in higher than expected purchased power costs.  Next up is Crescent Resources. Results for this segment were down from $174 million in the second quarter of 2006 to $17 million in second quarter 2007. Two things are important to consider when reviewing Crescent's results. First, last year's second quarter results included an $81 million gain on the sale of properties at Potomac Yard in Northern Virginia, and a $52 million gain on a land sale at Lake Keowee in South Carolina. Second, you should remember that the results for the second quarter of 2007 represent Duke Energy's 50% of equity earnings in Crescent, whereas last year Crescent was a wholly owned subsidiary of Duke Energy.  Next, I will review our Other category. While it is not considered a business segment, Other primarily includes costs associated with corporate governance and Duke Energy's captive insurance company, Bison Insurance Company Limited. Other reported a second quarter 2007 ongoing EBIT loss from continuing operations of $42 million compared to a loss of $77 million in the prior year's quarter. The year-over-year improvement of $35 million was primarily due to lower corporate overhead and governance costs. Two special items have been excluded from Other's 2007 ongoing EBIT results. The first item is $12 million in employee severance costs mostly related to a voluntary termination program. The second special item is $12 million of costs to achieve the Cinergy merger.  Now I would like to talk about a few other important financial items. At the end of the second quarter, we had a net cash balance of approximately $900 million, approximately $1.6 billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, offset by approximately $700 million of short-term commercial paper outstanding.  Interest expense was $160 million for the second quarter of 2007 compared to $185 million for the second quarter of 2006. The $25 million decrease was primarily due to debt reductions and refinancing activities. Income tax expense from continuing operations for the second quarter of 2007 was $119 million compared to $51 million in the second quarter of 2006.  The effective tax rate for the second quarter of 2007 was approximately 28% compared to approximately 21% during the same period in 2006. The lower effective tax rate in 2006 was primarily due to favorable merger related adjustments to state income taxes of approximately $40 million. The second quarter of 2007 effective tax rate includes the recognition of approximately $23 million of synfuel credits. We now expect the effective tax rate for 2007 to be approximately 27%, including the effects of synfuel tax credits.  Finally, the share buyback plan we entered into after the spin-off of Spectra Energy had a six-month term and has expired. No shares were purchased prior to the plan's expiration. Our earnings are expected to follow a seasonal pattern. On a normalized basis, we expect our earnings to be greater in the last half of the year than in the first half. Since the third quarter normally has a greater number of cooling degree-days, it is projected to be the strongest quarter, contributing roughly one-third of the total ongoing earnings for the year. Our first-half results have set a firm foundation for the remainder of the year, and put us in a strong position to exceed our employee incentives earnings per share target of $1.15 on an ongoing diluted basis.  With that, I'll turn it back to Jim. 
Jim Rogers: Thank you, David. As we have discussed, our growth strategy has three key drivers. First, steady sales growth of 1.5% in the Carolinas and 1% in the Midwest. Second, cost reductions in our operations that come from our continuous improvement efforts. And third, legislative and regulatory outcomes that provide for the timely recovery of and on the significant capital investments we have planned on behalf of our customers and our operations. I will spend the next several minutes on the third driver, our legislative and regulatory initiatives.  First, North Carolina. The General Assembly passed and sent to the Governor its comprehensive energy package. The legislation does three things. First, it establishes a renewable portfolio and energy efficiency standard for North Carolina. Second, it provides for the more timely recovery of certain operating costs, such as the reagents and chemicals we must purchase to operate the environmental equipment on our fossil plants.  And third, the legislation gives us the opportunity to seek more timely recovery of the financing costs associated with the construction of new baseload generation. Let me address each of these in a little more detail.  The legislation establishes a renewable portfolio standard of 12.5% for electric utilities by 2021 and it is phased in. At least 3% of retail sales is required by 2012, 6% by 15, and 10% by 2018. Up to 25% of the RPS can be met by electricity sales from energy efficiency through 2020. After that, up to 5% of the 12.5% can be met with energy efficiency, and the bill allows for cost recovery of energy efficiency measures.  You may recall that in April, Duke Energy Carolinas issued its RFP for renewable energy. The RFP required bidders to have renewable capacity available by 2012. We received more than 90s bids from 26 companies for nearly 2,000 megawatts of solar, biodiesel, biomass, biogas, landfill gas, wind, and hydro power. We expect to make decisions as to our renewable resources by year-end.  Assuming the Governor signs the bill, and we believe that he will, North Carolina will become the first state of the Southeast and the 24th state in the U.S. to have an RPS. Included in this part of the legislation is a provision that assures the cost associated with meeting the new RPS will be recovered separately and will be limited by cost cap.  The bill also expands the annual fuel clause mechanism to include cost recovery of environmental reagents and the energy component of purchased power costs. Previously, recovery of these increasing costs would not have occurred until a full base rate case. With the legislation, these costs will be tracked and adjusted in the same way as our fuel costs.  And finally, the bill gives the North Carolina Utilities Commission enhanced authority to grant recovery of financing costs for new baseload power plants during construction. Previously, the Commission could authorize such recovery only if the utility showed that it was in a financially distressed position.  This provision of the legislation does require utilities to show that new coal and nuclear plants are more cost effective than renewable generation and energy efficiency. We believe this package provides an important step forward in meeting North Carolina's future energy needs, and it complements our efforts to meet steadily growing customer demand.  On the state regulatory front, we're on track on our rate filings as well as new generation and energy efficiency initiatives. In June, Duke Energy Carolinas filed with the North Carolina Commission to increase its electric rates by 3.6%, or $140 million effective January 1, 2008. The filing complies with the conditions set by the Commission in approving the Cinergy merger that required Duke Energy Carolinas to come in for a rate review prior to end of 2007.  This is the first rate increase Duke Energy has requested for its North Carolina service area in 16 years. Today we are providing electric service in the state at rates that are 28% below the national average. The new rates we have proposed in our filing will still be lower than they were 16 years ago when adjusted for inflation.  To ensure that the cost of service of our operations is shared in an equitable way across customer classes, Duke Energy has asked that the Commission address the rate parity issue. We are proposing to increase residential prices by 6.8% and prices for general service and industrial classes by 2% or less. This is a proposal that will also help industries remain competitive and attract and retain new jobs in the region.  Continued focus on economic development is vital to North Carolina and all of its citizens. As part of the rate case, the Commission will consider environmental compliance costs under the North Carolina Clean Air Act and determine how much of that cost we can recover annually. Public staff and intervenor testimony is due September 24th.  We have been working and will continue to work with all stakeholders to reach a settlement in the case following the public staff and intervenor filings in September, but we're prepared for a full hearing, if necessary. We believe the increase we have requested is reasonable and appropriate and helps ensure that we'll continue to provide safe and reliable service at the lowest prices in the state.  Now let's turn to Ohio. In July, Duke Energy Ohio filed an application with the Ohio Commission for 5.8% or $34 million increase in its natural gas base rates. The request also seeks approval to continue a tracker for recovering costs associated with our accelerated gas main replacement program. If approved, the new rates would be effective in the spring of 2008.  Also in Ohio, we're working on both regulatory and legislative fronts for a long-term solution that will be effective at the end of our rate stabilization plan post-2008. We are taking a flexible approach as we look at alternatives.  One key consideration, however, is that we need an additional 1,500 megawatts of generation immediately, and another 900 megawatts by 2013. Any future plan, including an extension of the current rate stabilization plan, must address this pressing need.  Basically, we have three options at this time. First, work to extend our current RSP for ten years. Under this plan, we would dedicate existing generation the same way we do today. We believe the Commission has the authority to approve such a transaction. New generation is needed to maintain reliable resources and provide adequate reserve margins.  Our second option is to go to market and solicit bids for 2009 when the extended market development period expires. Our generation would, of course, participate in such a process. A third option is simply to extend our existing RSP for six months to a year until we can finalize a longer term plan.  Given the very short capacity situation in Ohio, we are pursuing legislation this year that gives our regulated transmission and distribution operations the authority to buy and build generation to meet our projected capacity shortfall.  Legislation is also needed to push new technology, alternative energy and energy efficiency. We will know more about what this could look like when Governor strictly releases details on his legislative proposals later this summer. With our low cost competitive generation, we believe we are well positioned to prosper in any of the proposed market structures.  Next, I will update you on our plans to meet our customers' increasing demand for electricity. First, North Carolina. You will recall that the North Carolina Commission allowed us to build one 800 megawatt coal unit in our Cliffside plant. In July, we filed an updated cost estimate of $1.8 billion for the approved Unit 6, excluding financing costs of approximately $600 million.  We expect to receive $62.5 million in Federal Advance Clean Coal Tax credits for the project. We also expect to receive a final air permit reflecting the new unit's state of the art emissions control technology this fall and we’d expect to begin construction later this year.  Also this fall, we intend to file CPCN applications to build two 600 to 800-megawatt combined cycle natural gas power plants in North Carolina. One would be built at our Buck Steam Station, and the other at Dan River Steam Station. Assuming timely approval of the CPCN and the associated air permits, construction of the Buck project would begin by mid-2008, with completion expected by mid-2010. Construction on the Dan River project would start in mid 2009 with completion expected by mid 2011.  Now let's turn to Indiana. We completed hearings this quarter on our CPCN application for the 630-megawatt integrated gasification and combined cycle plant at Edwardsport. We believe the hearing went well. We expect an order from the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission later this year.  You may have seen last week that Vectrin elected to not exercise its option to purchase a 20% interest as planned. We had always assumed that we might own 100%. Accordingly, we sought IURC approval at the outset to own 100% of the plant.  Consequently, Vectrin's decision does not change our demonstrated need for this plant or our belief that IGCC at Edwardsport is the right technology at the right time in the right place. Nor do we believe that Vectrin's decision will affect the timing of necessary approvals from the state of Indiana.  The plant has broad federal, state, and local support and is backed by two major environmental groups. Over time, we expect the plant to receive approximately $460 million in federal, state, and local tax incentives, including a federal clean coal tax credit of $133.5 million -- the maximum amount available for gasification technology. These amounts would offset the estimated total plant cost of just under $2 billion.  Turning to energy efficiency, we are also committed to increasing the role energy efficiency plays in meeting our customers' future energy needs. In May, Duke Energy Carolinas filed a new energy efficiency proposal with the North Carolina Commission. This performance plan recognizes energy efficiency as the fifth fuel along with coal, nuclear, natural gas, and renewable energy.  It is available to all customer groups, and it compensates us for verified reductions in energy use. Our filing asks for return of and on 90% of the cost avoided based on the megawatts saved from energy efficiency. This percentage would produce savings for customers compared to building new generation.  Our energy efficiency model would generate enough revenue to cover all program costs, and earnings would be comparable to building new generation. We have been presenting the Save-A-Watt plan to key stakeholders and gotten a positive response.  Meanwhile, we were able to expand our current energy efficiency offerings in Kentucky and Ohio this year, thanks to Utility Commission approval of enhanced demand side management programs in those states.  Coal, gas, renewables, and energy efficiency will serve as the bridge to the construction of a new nuclear plant. As we have discussed, we have plans to build a new nuclear station in South Carolina. We're on track to file an application with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission this fall for combined construction and operating license for the Lee Nuclear Station.  We're also planning to file a certificate of public convenience and necessity in South Carolina in the fourth quarter. These actions are necessary steps as we continue to pursue the option of building the new plant.  Our other major news of the quarter was our acquisition of more than 1,000 megawatts of wind energy assets currently under development in the west and southwest. According to the Department of Energy, U.S. wind power capacity increased 27% last year, making the U.S. the fastest growing wind power market in the world.  With nearly half the states now having renewable energy portfolios, we believe wind energy presents a very attractive opportunity to grow earnings in a carbon-constrained environment. With our acquisition of the wind assets of Tierra Energy in May, we are well on our way to developing a standalone renewable energy portfolio within Duke Energy generation services.  We are committing approximately $400 million in CapEx through 2009 to complete three wind projects. We'd expect to begin seeing earnings from these assets in 2009.  Let's now turn to the climate change issue. At the federal level, climate change legislation is moving. Seven bills are circulating in the U.S. Senate that use cap and trade mechanisms to limit Greenhouse Gas Emissions.  The economic impact of a cap and trade approach on consumers and our industry depends to a large extent on how emission allowances are allocated. We see three key requirements for carbon legislation. It should follow the highly successful cap and trade model for sulfur dioxide emission trading.  Second, it must be linked to and provide incentives for the construction of new nuclear plants, and third, the cap target must track the emerging carbon capture technology roadmap. Recently, I testified on Capitol Hill and also spoke in support of the Bingaman-Spector bill. It's not a perfect bill. We don't agree with all aspects of it, but it is economy-wide, with achievable targets and timelines.  The bill ensures that consumers are protected from unexpected high rates by including a technology accelerator payment, or safety valve. It also recognizes that getting the allowance allocations right is critical to the success of any climate change legislation.  Bingaman-Spector bases allocations on the amount of CO2 emissions. This approach protects consumers and communities that depend on coal-generated electricity. It is not likely that a bill would pass until after next year's presidential election. We will continue to participate in the ongoing discussion on the Hill.  In closing, I want to talk briefly about the analyst meeting we are planning for September 14th in New York City. It is becoming increasingly clear that the significant infrastructure investments I have just reviewed will push our CapEx spending higher than the levels we have previously announced.  As a result, you should assume our earnings growth rate will increase as well. At the conference, we will provide updated projections for both and also extend our forecast period from three to five years.  You will also hear from other members of our senior management team, who will discuss their operations. We will be providing you with the meeting details in the coming weeks. As you can see, we're in a strong financial position. We're focused on our operations. We're focused on controlling our costs.  We told you we would increase our dividend, and we followed through on that in June. Our current dividend yield is about 5%, and we expect even stronger earnings growth in the future.  Putting it all together, we believe this is a great value proposition for our investors. With that, let's open the lines so that David and I can take your questions. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Good morning. 
Jim Rogers: Good morning. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: First question, on the save-a-watt program, and then the energy efficiency elements of the North Carolina legislation. Can you just tell me how those two pieces could fit together and can they work side by side, or is there going to have to be an adjustment to the legislation on the environmental side to make the save-a-watt program work? 
Jim Rogers: No, actually, the legislation proposed specifically that the commission would have the authority to approve an energy efficiency program in the state. And this actually underpins the filing that we made earlier with respect to the save-a-watt program.  So we view what the general assembly has done as very supportive of our energy efficiency initiative. We still have go through a proceeding at the commission, and it's our judgment if once signed by the governor, that we will end up with two proceedings rather than the consolidated proceeding that we have today. Does that answer your question, Dan? 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: I think. So on the 90% cost recovery design, can you just, has there been any adjustment to how you guys are going to calculate that cost? That is just the capital cost and not sort of ongoing savings, et cetera? 
Jim Rogers: This plan is a real paradigm change in terms of how energy efficiency is actually treated by state regulatory commissions. What we are really proposed is a performance plan that says we only earn if we can produce verified reductions or save-a-watts going forward.  The key here is to set the price of the save-a-watt that we produce, and we believe the price that results in the lowest cost to consumers compared to building new generation is something that is 90% of the avoided cost of generation.  So by targeting the save-a-watt price at that level, we're guaranteeing the customers get the lower alternative between building new generation and reducing a megawatt. 
David Hauser: And Dan, as you may recall, the avoided cost is routinely filed with the commission. So it's a levelized number that is always part of the commission proceedings. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. Can you just walk through some of the drivers that you guys see that's gotten you to confidence above the $1.15 earnings guidance aspirational goal? What are the pluses that you're seeing that got you ahead of plan? 
David Hauser: Yes, let me just cover two or three things. First of all, the back half of the year is always bigger than the front half of the year, largely due to the third quarter. A handful of things that are going on that are important.  We think our gas plants will continue to do better. We had told the Street that the gas plants would lose $60 million this year, and as a matter of fact, we told them a number like that for the next two years after this. And now we see that as being half of that this year, and we also see that they should get to break even in '09.  So we see some real positives around the gas plants. The second thing we see is a continuation of well, the weather in the Carolinas is very good this week. We should see good results in the third quarter from Franchised Electric.  We expect to get our full $0.03 out of synfuel, and we've only booked $0.01 so far, so that would be a positive. And the final thing that I would mention is that if you'll recall, we had purchase accounting in those estimates of $110 million, and first half of the year had about $78 million of the purchase accounting. The back half will have about $32 million.  So there are a lot of things that are clicking well that cause us to be confident of exceeding the $1.15. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then one last question on international. You guys have been performing awfully well there this year. Are we seeing kind of an increase in baseline earning power? Is that how we should be thinking about performance going forward? 
Jim Rogers: I think we see a couple of things with international. One is we see the operations continue to improve. We see the pricing in those countries improve, and we see the value of assets in those areas improve.  So we have kind of green lights in thinking about that business in several different, from several different perspectives. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Does that mean asset value increasing, meaning that a monetization opportunity could present itself? 
David Hauser: Well, I'll say it this way. Clearly that is an option that is always out there, but that is not an option we're actively pursuing at this point. Those assets are good performers. The countries are getting stronger, and we're very pleased with our position in Latin America at this point. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Thank you, guys. 
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. 
Jim Rogers: Good morning, Paul. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning. How are you? 
Jim Rogers: Fine. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just on that purchase accounting question, could you tell us what, I just wanted to go over that. Negative $53 million I think in the first quarter, and I think you said for the first half of the year you're expecting $78 million. Is that right? 
David Hauser: That's right. Second quarter was $26 million; first half was $78 million. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: That was one of the reasons why you raised guidance, because of change in that? Did I understand that correctly? 
David Hauser: It's not a change. It simply is more weighted towards the first half of the year than the back half of the year and that is largely because the purchase accounting, the bulk of it is associated with emission allowances, which we had to mark to market when we bought Cinergy.  And we sold some of those emission allowances in the first half of the year, which caused purchase accounting to be larger in the first half of the year. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And then your slide, I guess the last slide showing the value proposition shows the same EPS growth rate for 2009, 4% to 6% growth, yet I think you mentioned that CapEx was going to be growing and probably earnings were going to be going higher. Could you just elaborate a little bit on that? 
Jim Rogers: I think our current estimate is 4% to 6%, and we haven't revised that yet, and again, we are in the process of finalizing our five year plan and at the September 14th meeting we'll have an opportunity to address it. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. So we'll wait until then to get more information on it. 
Jim Rogers: Yes, sir. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Great. And then just finally, currency impact and the storm impact associated, if you could give us a flavor for what that's been. 
David Hauser: The April storm impact was $9 million. The currency impact in the second quarter on EBIT in Brazil was $3.7 million. On net income it was $1.9 million. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Great. Thanks a lot, guys. 
Jim Rogers: Thank you. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Fremont with Jefferies. 
Jim Rogers: Good morning, Paul. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: Good morning. Quick question. If I go back to the December EBIT guidance 2006, what I'm coming up with so far in terms of potential changes is for Commercial Power -- you were originally looking at $200 million. I assume that's probably $30 million better based on reduced DENA losses. I would also calculate something on the order of $110 million of lower taxes, associated with moving the tax from 33% to 27%. Are there any other major changes to those EBIT numbers or to the underlying core assumptions that you gave out in December that we should look at as a driver on 2007? 
David Hauser: I think you should look at it this way. I think you should be very comfortable that Commercial Power will get to the $200 million, but there's moving pieces in there. So, you want to stick with the $200 million for Commercial Power. Keep in mind Crescent Resources -- it will be a bit of a stretch to get to the $100 million for Crescent Resources, I think.  But you should expect that Duke Energy International and USFE&G do better than what we told you at the beginning of the year. As far as the tax rate, keep in mind that the tax rate assumes synfuel, and that impacts the tax rate. So, you'll probably have a bit too much benefit in the tax rate, in your calculation, it sounded to me like. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: Okay. So what you're saying is that the original guidance included a synfuel contribution which would in some way already -- would be double counting if I simply gave you an additional $110 million in terms of lower tax? 
David Hauser: I'm not sure where the $110 million is coming from, but it sounds like a really big number to me, for the impact of taxes. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: Thank you very much. 
David Hauser: That sounds too high. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: Okay. Thank you. 
Jim Rogers: Thanks, Paul. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Asanza Young (ph) with RBC. 
Asanza Young - RBC Capital Markets: Yes, good morning. 
Jim Rogers: Good morning. 
Asanza Young - RBC Capital Markets: Good quarter. Congratulations. 
Jim Rogers: Thank you. 
Asanza Young - RBC Capital Markets: Couple of questions on different things. Ohio, if and when, let's say plan I think it was one -- no, sorry plan two goes into effect where you go to market and you expect market rates to kind of deep into Ohio. How much are we talking about in terms of retail prices going up, and is there a mitigation plan as to how you might handle abrupt cost increase through customers? 
David Hauser: Well, let me tell you the way I would look at it. If you look at the curved price we sell under today, it's something like mid 50s. 55 or so. 
Asanza Young - RBC Capital Markets: Yeah. 
David Hauser: And that is extremely close to what market would be. So, you shouldn't expect a dramatic move as you've seen in some other jurisdictions. 
Asanza Young - RBC Capital Markets: So you don't think it's going to be a problem if you do go to market in Ohio? 
David Hauser: We don't see that as a significant issue, as you've seen in other places. 
Asanza Young - RBC Capital Markets: Great. In terms of Save-A-Watt program, you said that Duke has to demonstrate reliable actual measurable performance enhancements and increases. Do you plan or do you think that Duke may end up investing in a lot of smart meters to try and get to that point? 
Jim Rogers: Our long-term plan says in order to achieve the energy efficiency gains that we're striving for; we need meters with two-way communication. So, yes that is part of our plan. It's further out. It's not in the first year, but as we look out over a five-year period, clearly we need to be moving in that direction in order to achieve the productivity gains in energy efficiency that we expect. 
Asanza Young - RBC Capital Markets: Any preliminary estimates on how big the scope of the program might be? 
Jim Rogers: We're working on it now. More to come. 
Asanza Young - RBC Capital Markets: So, we should expect an update in September? 
Jim Rogers: Maybe as early as September. 
Asanza Young - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Earlier September. Okay, one last question. I am a little curious about the synfuel tax credit. I think you mentioned that there was a $0.01 benefit in the first half to date, and the target was $0.03. And I thought what I heard you guy say was that you expect to meet those targets in the second half of the year. But at oil prices close to 72 bucks to 73 bucks, is that realistic? Is there not a phase-out coming into play? 
David Hauser: There is a phase-out. We used a 35% phase-out in calculating our second quarter numbers. The forward curve as of today, 35% phase-out looks pretty good. So, basically you should assume at -- if oil averages $80 or less for the balance of the year, we should get our $0.03. 
Asanza Young - RBC Capital Markets: Excellent. Thank you very much. 
Jim Rogers: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Jonathan Arnold with Merrill Lynch. 
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. 
Jim Rogers: Good morning. 
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Can I just ask -- back on to synfuels and tax, David, if it's possible to say what the tax rate would have been without the synfuel benefit? And then, maybe how we should think about a normalized tax rate as we go into 2008. 
David Hauser: The tax rate would have been 33% without synfuel. You should think of it as 33% next year. Next year you begin to get some of the Clean Air -- the wind, rather, tax credits, which are about $0.02 a kilowatt hour. And, so 33% is a good number for next year. As you get more wind beyond that, it could be a lower number going forward. But we'll see how big the wind gets. 
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then had another one relating to the RPS and the cost recovery and the state's plan is obviously a lower target than is being talked about, the potential national mandate. In the legislation in North Carolina, if the -- if there were to be a tougher RPS standard imposed nationally, and it was beyond the scope of what the state has, would you be able to recover those costs as well? 
Jim Rogers: We have some concern with the national RPS proposals that one was defeated in the Senate and one was approved in the House just Saturday. We're concerned in several ways, because the one in the House is really more of a tax than requiring actually renewables. The bill in North Carolina actually requires us to purchase from renewable facilities. And I think the important point about the state that's different than the federal, there's actually a cap on those costs going forward to make sure there's a balance from a consumer perspective.  And on the one hand, we're getting adequate renewables, but not at a price that really drives up the costs to consumers. There's no such check on the federal legislation, and kind of reinforces in my mind why it is critical to allow RPSs to be set at the state level with local knowledge and concern with the impact on local consumers rather than a federal level where they're more interested in taxing consumers than actually providing renewables in the mix of generation. 
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Thank you, guys. 
Jim Rogers: Thanks, Jon. You can tell I spent time Saturday on the phone talking about this to my favorite congressman. 
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Hey, guys. Can you provide just an update on the North Carolina rate review and what other key milestones investors should watch over the next three to six months? 
Jim Rogers: We have been in conversations with the key parties in the state. The next key milestone will be on September 24th, when the public staff states their position with respect to our rate filing. So, I think that will be the next milestone. We will continue to have conversations with the parties. And then the next milestone will be a hearing in October. So those are the two milestones on the horizon. As you may remember, the Commission is required to act before, so that rates can go into effect 1/1/08. 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Also, following back on the need for generation in Ohio, is there push-back likely from either the PUCO or legislative sources regarding whether generation should be put in a quasi rate based like structure, or whether it should be just be a PPA from your non-regulated assets back to the utility customer? 
Jim Rogers: Based on conversations that I've had with various leaders in the general assembly, as well as, in the executive branch, I would say it's trending more toward allowing utilities to buy and own generation than to purchase under PPAs. There's a growing concern in Ohio that we have not built enough generation to provide for the growing needs in the future, and that the best way forward may well provide for an option for the local utility to own or to purchase assets to be included in rates. Now, I say that making the point that the thought is that with respect to the generation that was de-regulated in 2000, that that would continue to be deregulated. We wouldn't try to put that back in. But with respect to new generation, you would have the widest range of options available to a local company to meet the needs of its customers, including the building and owning of generation. 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Is there a dramatic difference between what you think the market value of your gas generation is in that state -- your non-regulated gas generation in the state versus what your current book value is? I assume would you have to market, if there was a dramatic difference, but just curious in terms of what you've seen with other transactions in the region? 
Jim Rogers: I think a couple of things I have observed. One is that clearly the book value of our assets is below replacement value, or the replacement cost to those units. Secondly, we see a convergence of market prices to our book value. So I think we see a convergence of those two values. 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from Leslie Rich with Columbia Management. 
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Thank you. 
Jim Rogers: Leslie, good morning. 
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Good morning. I wondered if you could walk through sort of the two Ohio options. I will leave aside the sort of do nothing until we figure it out option. And if the current cost of generation embedded in your rates is more or less equivalent to market, I'm wondering what the rationale is behind extending the RSP for ten years and sort of what the pros and cons are, if you're at liberty to discuss those. And sort of strategically what you would prefer as the desired outcome? 
Jim Rogers: I would say that our first choice is to extend the current RSP for ten years. And there are several key provisions with respect to any extension. One is, is that we are -- have the ability to own or purchase generation to meet the shortfall that we have today. And that's roughly 1,500 megawatts in the immediate term and some 900 megawatts for 2013.  So I think that is critical. I think that, as I mentioned before, our need to obtain this generation is really tied to a growing concern in Ohio that we need adequate generation committed to the consumers of the state.  So that is a very important provision in this. And it's very important for us to be able to maintain our reserve margins, particularly in periods like now, where we're experiencing significant heat wave in the area.  Our second option, again, is keeping the existing framework in place as we continue to negotiate and wait for legislation. And the primary reason that we don't move go to market up because our current RSP price is almost on top of, as David said, the market price.  We prefer to have a price that allows better sharing of the risks associated with fuel costs as we have in the current RSP. We prefer to have the ability to own generation or to build new generation in the state, and I think there's a couple ways we could do that either under new legislation or under the existing regime, and that's a much longer conversation.  But I think the important point here is that we need predictability from our standpoint. And quite frankly, from our customers' standpoint, they need predictability and the avoidance of volatility. And by having a structured arrangement, as we've had in the last three years, it allows us to avoid, on behalf of our customers, the volatility that comes in relying on changes in market prices going forward. 
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: So it's -- is it your opinion that legislation would be necessary that the utility commission acting alone might not be enough of a sort of long-term back stop? 
Jim Rogers: I think the general feeling is, they would like to have greater clarity around the authority of the Ohio Commission. It would be my judgment that under the existing authority, they have the ability to structure -- to approve an arrangement like this, but that's just my point of view on it. I think the broader opinion is we need modification of the legislation. 
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: And do you get the sense that this is sort of high on the governor's agenda or sort of buried amongst a bunch of other issues? 
Jim Rogers: I think the number one, the time that the governor was really to get the budget done. He got that done. And quite frankly, everything else paled in comparison to solving that, and he did. I think the next thing and I've read a number of articles where he's been quoted he is really addressing the whole issue of energy, both from the standpoint of making sure that we're investing in energy efficiency in the state and that the state has some commitment to renewables going forward.  So as I listen to his public comments, as I talked to his various advisors, it would be my judgment that this is one of his top priorities now, and going forward. 
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Thank you. 
Jim Rogers: Thank you. 
Operator: It looks as though we have time for one more question. We'll hear from Shalini Mahajan with UBS. 
Shalini Mahajan - UBS Securities: Good morning. 
Jim Rogers: Good morning. Welcome. 
Shalini Mahajan - UBS Securities: Thank you. Could you give us some feel for the wind acquisition that you did in terms of size, if you can, and is this a business you're planning to expand going forward? 
David Hauser: It is a business we're planning to expand. We've said there are three projects we're actively working on, two of which should come in next year, and the CapEx associated with those is about $400 million. And then there is a stream of projects beyond that that are still in the development stages and we'll have to see how many of those become real. 
Shalini Mahajan - UBS Securities: Would those be dependent upon the extension of PDCs? 
David Hauser: Yes, you certainly would have to have the extension of the credits, I believe, for those to be viable projects. 
Shalini Mahajan - UBS Securities: Okay. And then separately for meeting the RPS in North Carolina, and, Jim, you mentioned you are evaluating bids. Is your inclination towards owning some of these within the utility or more a PP like arrangement? 
Jim Rogers: It's my belief that we're looking at a blend of owning some, purchasing from others, and as we review the different proposals, it will give us an opportunity to make decisions as to what the mix ought to be. 
Shalini Mahajan - UBS Securities: Okay. Great. Thank you. 
Jim Rogers: Thank you very much. 
Operator: And at this time we are out of time for questions. Mr. Trauschke, I will hand the conference back to you for any final or closing comments. 
Sean Trauschke: Okay. Thank you, Jimmy. As always our team will be available to answer any follow-up questions. We want to thank you for joining us today and look forward to speaking with you again in the near future.
