===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Karen Sagot, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Karen. Thank you.
Karen Sagot: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to FirstEnergy's First Quarter 2025 Earnings Review. Our Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer Brian Tierney, will lead our call today. And he will be joined by Jon Taylor, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release, presentation slides, and related financial information are available on our website at FirstEnergyCorp.com/IR. Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors discussed in our earnings news release, during today's conference call, and in our SEC filings could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. The appendix of today's presentation includes supplemental information along with reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures. Please read our cautionary statement and discussion of non-GAAP financial measures on Slides two and three of the presentation. Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Brian. Thank you, Karen.
Brian Tierney: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in FirstEnergy. We're off to a strong start this year, with results that reflect solid execution on our regulated strategies, robust capital investments, and financial discipline. We're on track to meet our 2025 core earnings guidance we provided in the fourth quarter call. Today, we will review our financial performance and highlights for the quarter, provide updates on regulatory and legislative matters, detail some growth opportunities, and review the value proposition we offer shareholders. For the February, the company delivered GAAP earnings of 62¢ per share, compared to 44¢ per share in 2024. Core earnings for the first quarter of this year were 67¢ per share, a significant improvement over 49¢ in the first quarter of last year. Core earnings benefited from execution across our regulated businesses, including the impact of base rate cases that were approved last year in Pennsylvania, West Virginia, and New Jersey, as well as a return to more normal weather for the first quarter of this year. In addition, the team did a nice job of managing operating expenses in the first quarter. O and M is in line with our plan, slightly lower than last year, and leadership continues to pursue further cost reductions. Consistent with our plan, we implemented organizational design changes in the first quarter aimed at creating a more sustainable and efficient operating structure that moves management and decision-making closer to our customers, employees, and regulators. These changes, which allowed us to reduce headcount, involve flattening layers of management, consolidating functions, and better aligning work across the company. We are focused on becoming an agile and effective organization with continuous improvement as a part of our DNA going forward. Jon will provide more details later in the call. Our investment program is on track, and we are making a positive impact on system reliability and resiliency. In the first quarter, we invested more than a billion dollars in our system through our Energize 365 capital program. This is an increase of 15% compared to last year. We remain confident in our plan to deploy $5 billion of customer-focused investments this year, an 11% increase compared to 2024, as well as the $28 billion of investments in our plan through 2029. We are pleased to make these investments that will deliver value and reliability improvements to our customers. Our refreshed and experienced leadership team is now in place, and they are bringing new energy to the company. Together, we are committed to executing our strategies, meeting our commitments, and making FirstEnergy a premier electric company. Reflecting our confidence, last month, the board approved a 4.7% increase in our quarterly dividend. Subject to continued board approval, the new quarterly payment of 44.5¢ per share equates to an annual rate of $1.78 per share. This represents an increase of 11% in annual declared dividends since 2023. Moving to slide six, I'll discuss current regulatory and legislative activity. First, in Ohio, we are pleased that our base rate case is progressing. Last month, our Ohio companies and various interveners filed responses to the independent audit report that was published in late February. And public hearings were held earlier this month. We initiated settlement discussions in the base rate case and hope to continue those through the pendency of the case. Hearings are scheduled to begin on May 5, and we look forward to the case proceeding expeditiously. On the legislative front, there's been a tremendous amount of activity in Ohio with house bill 15 and senate bill two. We expect legislation to be sent to the governor in the May or June time frame that will provide a transparent and predictable regulatory structure for Ohio utilities. Key provisions of the house incentive bills include establishing multiyear rate plans with forward test years, which we view as constructive. We have been in active discussions with the governor, legislators, and other policymakers to offer perspective on certain aspects of the legislation. As it makes its way to being a final bill, our focus is on ensuring a reasonable transition to the new regulatory framework. In New Jersey, we recently reached a settlement in our infrastructure investment program Energize New Jersey, which was approved by the BPU yesterday. The plan includes investments of $335 million over three and a half years, of which approximately $202 million have formula grade treatment. It includes capital investments in grid modernization, system resiliency, and substation modernization work. Work that is designed to upgrade JCP and L's distribution grid in targeted neighborhoods with an expansion of smart grid technology. We are pleased to move forward with these investments which are included in our capital plan. Turning to slide seven. There are a number of opportunities for continued growth in our regulated footprint. In West Virginia, we are preparing our integrated resource plan which is due by the end of this year. The IRP covers a ten-year period and includes new load forecasts for the state, as well as our proposals to address West Virginia's future generation needs. As we prepare for this filing, we continue exploring options to build new dispatchable generation in the state which would allow for expanded growth and economic development. West Virginia's fully integrated regulatory framework provides it with a competitive advantage for economic development and a path for investment in new dispatchable generation. Under the existing regulatory framework, we would be prepared to make these investments to meet West Virginia's economic development aspirations. As I discussed in our last call, we remain excited about the data center development we are seeing across our footprint. Our plan through 2029 includes 2.6 gigawatts of data center demand that is active or contracted, with more in the project pipeline that would be incremental to our base plan. Earlier this month, Meta announced an investment of more than $800 million to build their new Bowling Green data center in our Toledo Edison service territory, which is expected to come online by the end of the year. This data center will be optimized for Meta's AI workloads. The transmission CapEx associated with this facility is included in the current capital plan. In the first quarter of this year, we received 15 large load study requests for data centers representing approximately nine gigawatts of load. 11 of these studies are for locations in Pennsylvania and Ohio. We have not experienced any slowdown of data center interest in our service territory. We are also excited about the significant growth opportunities for transmission investment. During the February, the PJM board approved approximately $3 billion of investment for the ValleyLink joint venture between FirstEnergy, AEP, and Dominion. We believe this innovative collaboration will enhance our competitiveness in future open windows. Our investment in ValleyLink, which will be owned by FirstEnergy Transmission, recently filed for a forward-looking transmission rate at FERC requesting a 10.9% base ROE with a 50 basis point incentive and a capital structure targeting 60% equity. The ValleyLink investment, when combined with another $300 million recently approved for FirstEnergy subsidiaries, represents a new total company investment opportunity of approximately $800 million. Turning to slide eight. Today, we are reaffirming our 2025 core EPS guidance range of $2.40 to $2.60 per share, and we continue to target the top half of that range. This growth, when combined with our current dividend yield, represents a total annual shareholder return proposition of 10 to 12% with potential upside through PE expansion. We are also reaffirming our 6% to 8% core earnings compound annual growth rate based on our $28 billion capital investment program through 2029. As you would expect in a fully regulated domestic business, our tariff exposure is de minimis, representing less than two-tenths of a percent on our $28 billion capital investment program. Proactive management of our supply chain since COVID has resulted in a diversified supplier base with little exposure to single-source suppliers. In addition, the majority of our operations and maintenance expense is labor, which has no tariff exposure. We expect any meaningful increases in our CapEx program to be driven by increased investment opportunity rather than supply chain pricing. We are off to a good start in 2025, and we remain steadfast on delivering on our commitments with stable growth fueled by our strong organic investment program. I'm excited about the progress we are making to become a more efficient and customer-focused organization. We are committed to executing our strategy, delivering value, and driving results. With that, I will turn the call over to Jon. Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everyone.
Jon Taylor: We feel very good about the start to the year and our ability to deliver on our commitments with all of our key financial metrics through Q1 in line with or, in some cases, better than our plan. You can find more details on our results, including reconciliations for core earnings, in the strategic and financial highlights document we posted to the IR website yesterday afternoon. Looking at our first quarter results, core earnings of $0.67 a share is a 37% improvement from $0.49 a share in the first quarter of last year. Our solid results reflect strong top-line revenue growth and financial discipline as a result of the capital investments we are deploying on behalf of our customers. Our rates and investment strategy significantly impacted our Q1 results, mainly from updated base rates in Pennsylvania together with the full-year impact of new base rates in New Jersey and West Virginia, which went into effect during the middle to latter part of Q1 of last year. Additionally, as I'll speak to in a minute, we continue to see the benefits of our strong formula rate investment program, reflecting solid regulatory outcomes that not only contribute to meaningful customer-focused investments but also provide for solid regulated returns for our investors. This winter weather impacts were on balance consistent with our normal expectations. By contrast, 2024 temperatures were significantly milder than normal, with heating degree days 15% below normal. The return to a more typical winter in the first quarter of this year resulted in much stronger customer demand as compared to last year, with total customer demand increasing more than 4%, led by a 10% increase in the high-margin residential sector. On operating expenses, O and M was in line with our plan, and three and a half percent lower than last year, largely due to our continuous improvement and cost-saving initiatives across the company. Turning to our segment results for the first quarter. In our distribution business, core earnings increased $0.10 a share, reflecting new rates in Pennsylvania and stronger customer demand. As a reminder, in December, new base rates in Pennsylvania were approved for a net annual increase of $225 million beginning in January, which includes the recovery of deferred costs and additional maintenance expenses. In our integrated segment, core earnings also increased 10¢ this year, resulting from approved base rates in New Jersey and West Virginia in Q1 of last year, strong rate base growth of 19% in formula rate transmission programs, higher customer demand, and lower O and M. In the standalone transmission business, core earnings were 14¢ a share, compared to 18¢ a share in the February. Rate base increased 10% year over year resulting from our Energize 365 investment program. But this was offset by the final quarter of dilution from the 30% interest sale of FirstEnergy Transmission to Brookfield, which closed in February. Finally, in our corporate segment, results improved 2¢ a share compared to the first quarter of 2024 due to lower financing costs associated with lower holding company long-term debt of approximately $760 million and lower average revolver borrowings of $450 million. Overall, we feel very good about execution against our plan, which resulted in an improvement in our consolidated ROE of 40 basis points since Q4, up to 9.8% on a trailing twelve-month basis. Looking at the full year, we are reaffirming our 2025 core earnings guidance of $2.40 to $2.60 a share, and targeting the upper half of the range. Our $28 billion investment plan is on track with capital deployment of over $1 billion in the first quarter. This is 15% above last year with the majority of the increase in formula rate programs. Our investment program is funded with internally generated cash flow and utility debt issuances. As discussed on our Q4 call, we plan to issue approximately $3.6 billion of debt, of which $2 billion is new money to fund our capital programs. We completed the first of these transactions earlier this month, pricing $600 million of five-year senior unsecured notes for Trans Allegheny Interstate Line Company or Trail at a coupon of 5%, representing a hundred basis point spread to the five-year treasury rate. We continue to see strong investor demand for our debt offerings, reflecting the attractive profile of our fully regulated diversified business combined with our strong balance sheet. And on financial discipline, as Brian mentioned, the team is very focused on driving more efficiencies and cost reductions compared to our $1.365 billion base O and M plan for 2025. These opportunities include lower back-office spending through the use of existing and new technology, optimizing our maintenance costs through more targeted capital investments, and through various supply chain initiatives. We are building this type of continuous improvement thinking into our culture and into the expectations of leaders across the organization. All of our leaders are highly engaged in ensuring that our operating costs support and enable the long-term objectives of the company. So to close out our prepared remarks, we're happy with the start to the year. With solid execution against our regulated strategies, our investment plan, with financial discipline. Our earnings and financial performance across our key metrics are where we expect them to be, or even better. Our first quarter core EPS of $0.67 a share is aligned with our plan, and significantly stronger than last year. With over $1 billion in capital investments during the quarter, we're on track with our plan, and 15% above Q1 last year. Our base O and M of $340 million reflects strong financial and is in line with our plan and improvement to the first quarter of last year, and first quarter cash flow of $637 million is better than our plan and significantly better than our results from Q1 2024. This is the type of performance that supports our value proposition, including the total shareholder return opportunity that we are focused on delivering for our shareholders. Thank you for your time this morning. We are highly focused on delivering on our commitments to all of our stakeholders. Let's open the call to your Q and A. Thank you. We will now be conducting a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question, please press 1 on your telephone keypad. A confirmation tone will indicate your line is in the question queue. You may press 2 to remove yourself from the queue. For participants using speaker equipment, it may be necessary to pick up the handset before pressing the star keys. One moment please while we poll for questions. Our first question comes from the line of Michael Lonegan with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question. Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions.
Michael Lonegan: Just wondering how you would characterize the settlement discussions in Ohio, with the hearing starting May 5, you feel like you're close to reaching an agreement and you know, what are the key areas that remain up for debate between the parties?
Brian Tierney: Yeah. Thank you for the question, Michael. I characterize the settlement discussions as productive and constructive. We began them. We had a number of parties who are engaged. The key parties were engaged in the discussions. Those discussions will continue. And they're focused on the type of things that you would anticipate. Cap structure, ROE, and the like. So nothing that's unusual or surprising, and I think the parties came to the table interested in discussing in settlement. And hoping that we'd be able to get there. We're looking forward to the hearings beginning on May 5, and believe that will lead us to an expeditious outcome for the base rate case and look forward to continuing the settlement discussions through the case.
Michael Lonegan: Great. Thank you. And then, you talked about a significant increase in large load studies since the last call. You know, and you highlighted no slowdown. The prior disclosure based on the data center pipeline was, you know, $350 million of incremental CapEx through '29. And beyond '29, you had highlighted $300 to $400 million of incremental spending opportunities. Just wondering, as we stand today, what would you say the upside is to these numbers?
Brian Tierney: Yeah. Michael, I'd say it's about the same. So, you know, in terms of people seeing in other areas, data centers and hyperscalers and the like pulling back, we actually had the announcement from Meta of the Toledo data center that they specifically have said is associated with being ready for their AI complement. So people are not in our service territory, pulling back from that, but continuing forward. I just say there's no change to that long-term outlook for CapEx at this point.
Michael Lonegan: Great. Thanks for taking my question.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Alex (for Shar Pourreza): Hey. Good morning, everyone. It's actually Alex on for Shar. Good morning, Alex. Good morning. So just wanna touch on the Ohio legislation. So you mentioned, you know, you expect the bill to be sent to the governor, in the May, June time frame. Obviously, a lot of positive momentum behind these bills, but do you see one bill being favored over another, or do you see the bills getting combined into one or more, as more of a likely scenario? Just sort of how should we be thinking about the overall process going forward? Thanks.
Brian Tierney: Yeah. I can't say at this point, Shar. I think they are both moving forward. They've both been voted out of their respective chambers. And how leadership decides to handle that going forward, we still don't have any particular insight into. I think the key provisions of both bills that are of importance to us, things like the multiyear rate cases with forward-looking test years, are things that are in both. And our focus now is on moving from the current framework that we have that has base rate cases and EPS to the new framework that has the multiyear base rate cases with forward-looking test years. And trying to make that transition as smoothly as possible.
Alex (for Shar Pourreza): Great. Thanks. And just as a follow-up, you know, should the legislation pass as is and, you know, assuming you remain an ESP four, if the cap isn't unfrozen, how should we think about the timing of your next base rate case? Can you just talk about the different levers you can pull on to offset the potential impact of not having the cap lifted in the near term? Thanks.
Brian Tierney: Thank you for that, Alex. So there are a couple of things that could play out there. One is, of course, we would go back and try and seek to get the cap lifted. If that doesn't happen, we have opportunities to shift CapEx around both within Ohio and the other jurisdictions until we can get in for a new base rate case. And then I anticipate that we'd be going in for a new base rate case under the new framework as early as the first of 2026. We'd expect rates to be in effect for that as early as 2027. So a number of levers that we can pull between now and then, we're not giving up on the cap persisting in ESP four. But we have a number of levers to pull as we get our way into that new framework.
Alex (for Shar Pourreza): Great. Thanks. I'll leave it there. Thanks for taking my questions. Thanks, Alex.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Campanella with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Campanella: Hey. Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to follow-up quick. Good to see you guys moving forward towards settlement. Is there just any chance that you could deal with ESP in that discussion or is that gonna be more up to commission interpretation, you think, since we're still waiting on the legislation to be finalized? Was just trying to see if there's a window where we can get more clarity on ESP sooner than later.
Brian Tierney: Yeah. Nick, I don't think it would be in that base rate case settlement. As you know, we have a current active open case for ESP six. And so we would try and handle as much of the base rate case issues as we could in those settlement discussions. And then I think there are three other ways for things to play out around the ESP. One is if there would be legislation that would direct the commission to have a smooth transition. Two, if not that, we still think that legislatively, they would expect there to be a transition. Transition between the current framework and the next one, and we think the commission would pick up on that and try and make that transition as smoothly as possible. And then as I discussed earlier in response to a question, if we're unsuccessful in those, I think there are opportunities for us to move CapEx around, both within Ohio and in other jurisdictions. And then get in as quickly as possible as we could for a new base rate case under the new framework. So a lot of levers for us to pull, we'll be pulling all of those, as timely as we can. And communicating the results of that to the investment community as quickly as possible. At the end result, on all this, Nick, we're looking at investment between the end of our current base rate period of May 31st of last year and when we get new rates in effect. So if we have to go to a new base rate case under the new framework, there would be very little for the commission to review in time and magnitude and at the very worst, there would be an incremental, you know, fifteen months or so on the regulatory lag that we would face potentially on a reduced amount given the actions we could take.
Nick Campanella: Hey. That's great. I sorry about my confusion there on the process. Thanks for the clarifications. Just as it relates to you're kinda talking about a lot of different levers to offset what seems to be kind of a shifting environment with this ESP. And you have at the high end of your 2025 guidance now. You have this 6% to 8% long-term EPS CAGR. Do you still kind of expect, regardless of the outcome, do you expect to be able to offset that be within the range, and be able to kind of grow linearly here at the '26? Or how should we kind of think about that with this overhang?
Brian Tierney: Yeah. So we do anticipate being able to offset that. And as we've talked about the growth we're not haven't been talking about linear exactly year to year to year. We've been talking about a compound annual growth rate over the investment horizon. That 6% to 8% period, all the while within that six to 8%. So we're confident about our ability to stay in that range. And deliver those results. Regardless of outcome around this the base rate case and how the levers that we could pull in the ESP.
Nick Campanella: Thank you, Brian. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning. Good morning, Jeremy. Maybe picking up on the last question if I could and appreciate the sensitive nature of it all. But is there any other color you could provide to frame, I guess, what you'd be looking to solve for if things kind of progress, you know, legislation as it is right now versus the size of the levers you have? Just trying to get a sense of how, you know, manageable, easy or not easy, it is to kinda work around what the you know, these items could be.
Brian Tierney: Yeah. So remember, we're just talking about the investment that we've made and are going to make since February. So it's a limited universe in a limited time frame. And so we had made assumptions about what would happen with ESP six. We've now modified those, not anticipating that would go forward, assuming that we will be in ESP four, and then we'll be modifying how we do this going forward. So it's a modest and manageable amount of dollars in a modest and manageable amount of time.
Jon Taylor: Jeremy, I would say, I mean, we would be looking to move capital around. We have plenty of opportunities to do that. We have the Grid Mod two CapEx that we could accelerate into 2026. We have the PAL tip where we could, you know, move some of the Ohio base capital into that CapEx program. We have opportunities in Maryland and West Virginia with transmission CapEx. So we have a lot of opportunities to redeploy capital if and when we need to do that. And if you go back and look at the history of what we've done over the last two years with our capital program, I mean, we've moved, you know, a couple $300 million of capital around in a given year. So that's not something that we're overly concerned about at this point in time.
Brian Tierney: As we're talking to legislatures and policymakers in Ohio, we see there is a strong desire to move from the current framework to the new framework. We're not seeing a signal from them that they don't want investment in Ohio. And that lends itself to a smooth transition either through raising the caps in the ESP four or some mechanism. So the signals we aren't getting is not don't invest in Ohio. It's we're changing how we're doing regulation in Ohio and we've heard from everyone that we that they expect a smooth transition.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful there. And then kinda shifting gears towards settlement talks going back there. Again, appreciate the sensitive nature to it all, but just wondering if you can frame it all, I guess, which parties are involved in the settlement conversations such as staff or just who's more receptive, who's less receptive, in any color in general you could provide in the parties. Would be helpful. Yes. So, Jeremy, we really can't talk it with any specificity around that, but we'll say that all the parties were involved initially. We felt that the discussion tone and tenor was productive and constructive. And along that vein, we're going to continue the dialogue. You'll remember during GridMod two discussions, we did file a partial settlement that was ultimately approved and we think that's an avenue that's open to us in this instance as well. Got it.
Jeremy Tonet: I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Jeremy. Our next question comes from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
David Arcaro: Hey. Thanks so much. Good morning.
Brian Tierney: Good morning, David. I was wondering if you could give a perspective on New Jersey and the recent commission efforts to look at cost efficiencies. The affordability considerations there. Wondering your latest perspective on what strategy might be possible to address any affordability concerns in the state?
Brian Tierney: David, are you referring specifically to the PJM capacity auction?
David Arcaro: That seems to be the driving factor behind what looked like a, you know, a specific effort from the New Jersey Commission to look for cost efficiencies among the utilities. But, yeah, think stemming from the increase in the capacity auction pricing.
Brian Tierney: So look. I think commissions as well as FirstEnergy are very concerned about the coming price increases associated with the capacity auction. It would be one thing if the capacity auction pricing that we're facing was bringing new capacity, new dispatchable capacity to the market, and the customers were actually getting some value out of that. We don't see that as being the case. So we think that commissions and the company are gonna do everything that we can to try and mitigate that impact on our customers. The commission yesterday in New Jersey asked us to go back and take a look with our in-state peers about how we could postpone the impact of those capacity auction price increases for the next four months, the first four months, we're going to do that, and we're gonna be as constructive and productive as we can in trying to make that happen. These price increases are real. And they have real impact on our customers, and we're so concerned about that. Again, if it was addressing the problem, we could be supportive. But it's not bringing new capacity to the market. Is what I would say, David, is you always wanna do good things, and to the degree you have good things to do, do more of those. If there are things that are harmful, stop doing the things that are harmful. We think a continuation of these extremely high-priced capacity auctions that don't bring new capacity to the market are harmful, and that harmful impact should be either mitigated or stopped on a prospective basis.
David Arcaro: Absolutely. I appreciate that color. And maybe along those same lines, how is the conversation evolved? We've also got Pennsylvania, you know, looking at the same issues this week as well in terms of the future of resource adequacy in the PJM market. Are you thinking about the potential solutions? Or how has that conversation evolved, whether it's contracted generation, utility-owned generation? Have any options bubbled to the surface in terms of getting more likely or more support among the different stakeholders?
Brian Tierney: Look, think something that faces a lot of opposition wherever you raise it is a specter of reregulation putting the genie back in the bottle. I don't think that's a winner anywhere. And I think there are ways that you can address the resource adequacy problem without having to do that. Certain states have other models that we pointed to that work for adding new types of generation. New York has done that with NYSERDA and NYPA. You've seen Texas do that with their generation loading program. You've seen California do it for certain types of generation that they've added. So I think there are a number of models out there that work. I think the only way these problems are gonna be resolved is by the states taking action themselves to address the problems for their own states. So I've recently spoken with Governor Shapiro in Pennsylvania and applaud his efforts to keep prices lower in the state of Pennsylvania. I see that Governor Murphy in New Jersey has also asked FERC to take action on this. And I think it's leadership by the governors in the states that are going to address this problem most directly, and I applaud those two governors' efforts.
David Arcaro: Okay. Great. Very helpful. Thanks so much.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Carly Davenport: Hey, good morning. Thanks so much for taking the questions. Maybe to start, just as you think about the current macro environment, and potential for an economic slowdown, is there anything that you're seeing or hearing from your industrial customers in particular that you think could pose potential risk or is worth watching around that 2% low growth forecast that's embedded in the plan?
Brian Tierney: It's a great question, Carly. I was just watching on CNBC earlier today. Beth Hammack from the Cleveland Fed talking about these issues. And from a macro standpoint, she's saying, look. The tariffs add a fair amount of uncertainty to what's going on in the economy, and that makes it difficult for people to make incremental investments and know that those investments are gonna be either supported by tariffs or undercut by tariffs. So we're seeing that from a macro standpoint. Across our footprint, we're not seeing a huge impact yet. What we have seen is some steel manufacturers have been slowing some of their production related to automotive demand that has come down somewhat in the near term. And we're watching that. Would also remind you that industrial load is a much smaller portion of our margin than residential is. And we have generally demand-type pricing on the industrial load. So we don't anticipate significant impact from an income standpoint in the near term associated with the near-term uncertainty that we're dealing with. But the quicker there's certainty from an investment cycle standpoint, I think the quicker we'll be able to see people be able to make those investment decisions and get on with investing in their business, whatever the answer is from a tariff standpoint.
Carly Davenport: Great. That's helpful. Thank you. And then maybe just a high-level question on the earnings guidance, you know, targeting the top half of the 2025 range and you mentioned in the slides cash flow tracking above plan. As well to start the year. Can you just talk a little bit about what's driving that to give you confidence this point in the year to sort of target the top end of the range?
Jon Taylor: Yeah, Carly, this is Jon. So I think we've laid out our base O and M plan for the year. We are targeting lower O and M performance relative to that target. We have teams in place and leadership in place that are driving towards a slightly lower number to give us flexibility around our operating costs. And so that's what the team is working on, and that's what's gonna give us the flexibility as we think about targeting the upper half of the range.
Carly Davenport: Great. Thanks so much for the color.
Operator: Thank you, Carly. Our next question comes from the line of Bill Apicelli with UBS. Please proceed with your question. Hi. Good morning. Morning, Bill.
Bill Apicelli: Just on West Virginia, can you just remind us what's in the plan, the base capital plan? And then what does the IRP represent, you know, I guess, there's a potential upside and then how do you manage the affordability of some of the options that you may propose?
Brian Tierney: Yeah. So there's a lot in play right now in West Virginia, Bill. What is in the current plan is current investment in TND and investment for the current coal-fired power plants that we have Fort Martin and Harrison. Just so people understand, and there was people misreported, not the investment community, but the general press misreported on my comments in the last call. When we put in place the investments for ELG in those two plants, we had to put a terminal date on those plants when we made those investments and filings with the commission. For Fort Martin, that was 2035, and for Harrison, that was 2040. Investments in keeping those plans running through that period is in the current CapEx plan. What would be incremental to that would be the result of the IRP that we're putting together now and the parallel plans that we would put in place to add combined cycle generation for the state. The range of what that could be in the scenarios is very wide. So my proposal would be to start with a combined cycle that would be about a thousand megawatts. That would be a billion plus dollars. And then as you firm up plans for what would happen from an environmental standpoint, from a cost standpoint, from a rate standpoint, you could firm up the plans as to what would happen with Fort Martin and Harrison. And you could add incremental plans that look like the first combined cycle that we added going forward. And I could see us adding between one and four combined cycles of about a thousand megawatts, that could ultimately replace Fort Martin and Harrison or be incremental to them and bring incremental economic development to the state of West Virginia. It would just add the flexibility that West Virginia would have in an uncertain environment and allow them to attract things like data centers, transformer manufacturers, and the like who are desirous to site in West Virginia.
Bill Apicelli: Okay. No. That's clear. Thank you. And then just shifting gears on the we're making some progress here on the colocation docket at FERC. We've had some changes within the commission this week. So I guess, you know, what do you expect in terms of timing, you know, now that the reply comments have been filed? From FERC? And do you have any sense of what form that may take? Is that just going to be an order, or they're, you know, And when do you think we may actually have the clarity, from the commission that, you know, parties both generation side and transmission side, can move forward.
Brian Tierney: You know, Bill, there are so many different types of colocation. And when people talk about colocation, think they're using colocation to mean one thing. And it really means many things to many different people. There's colocation where you take existing capacity out of the capital markets, and I think that would be a difficult thing to do. And then there's colocation where people add incremental capacity to the markets like what you're seeing at 3 Mile Island in Palisades, they're bringing incremental capacity to the market and would like to locate data centers and other loads next to that. And I think the pathway forward for that second type of colocation is going to be much smoother than for the former. And to your point, we're gonna have to wait and see how the FERC will order on those things. But I think net new incremental capacity with colocation is gonna be an easier path than taking existing capacity out of the market.
Bill Apicelli: Okay. And but, I mean, as far as the some timing around clarity from FERC, I mean, you know, commissioner Christie or chairman Christie has been clear to move quickly. But, I mean, you have any sense of is that in the in the coming months, or is that this could spill into know, latter part of the year?
Brian Tierney: I would say the coming months. I know that FERC is having their technical conference on that in June. I look forward to speaking at that and sharing our views on that. But, I think this will be a months-long process for it to play out, but I don't think it has to spill into next year.
Bill Apicelli: Okay. Alright. Thank you.
Brian Tierney: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scott. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Weisel: Hey. Thanks. Good morning, everybody. First, a question on Ohio. Hi. I know you can't get too specific on settlement talks, but my question is just on timing. I know hearings begin on May 5 and I know it'd be great to get a settlement done before that if possible. That's only ten, eleven days from now. My question is that the is expected to be sent to the governor in the May, June time frame. Does one need to happen prior to the other? Does one depend on the other? And could a settlement happen before the legislation becomes official?
Brian Tierney: So that's a good question, Andrew. I don't think those two things are gonna be related timing-wise. I think the new legislation will go forward on its own timeline, and the base rate case will go forward on its own timeline. I think the fact that the new legislation contemplates a base rate case, and those are the issues that we're gonna be handling, in the hearing, in the adjudicated case if it goes that way, in settlement, if it goes that way. I think would be fairly easy for those things to move forward on parallel paths. And the timing of one doesn't have to impact the other.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. Next question is industrial sales trends. You talked a little bit about this earlier, but I noticed in the quarter, the industrial group was down 3%. And really, if I look back over the past several quarters, it's been a downward trend. Anything you can talk to either looking backward, or I'd also be interested in anything you've been seeing over the past few weeks since liberation day, obviously. It's been a little chaotic in general over the past few weeks, but any kinda trends you could point to overall would be very helpful. Thanks.
Jon Taylor: Andrew, you'd like to in particular. Yeah. The last two quarters have been impacted by the slowdown in the steel sector, as Brian mentioned earlier. We started to see that in the third quarter of last year. And so we're continuing to see that. That's kind of tied to the automotive sector. I mean, if you adjusted the year-over-year comp, for leap year, that extra day that '24 had in it, industrial's down about 1.6%. And that's primarily all steel. All the data centers that we had in our plan for 2025 are still on track, maybe a little bit delayed in terms of construction and so some of that might push out a little bit, but they're still on track. They're still, you know, coming online. And so we anticipate some of the growth that we had anticipated in that industrial class to be more towards the back end of 2025.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Thanks. Good reminder on the leap day. Easy to forget that one. If I could just squeeze one clarifying thing in the PJM transmission stuff for ValleyLink and the 300 or I guess there's $800 million altogether for your company. Just remind me, was that already included in the CapEx plan? Is that incremental?
Brian Tierney: Yeah. So a couple of things there, Andrew. The component that's associated with ValleyLink is not in the CapEx plan. Because that's an investment that will be handled on the equity method. The $300 million is included in the CapEx plan.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. I guess I should have said, is that included in your financial plan?
Jon Taylor: Yes.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey. Hey. Good morning, team. I wanted just two quick ones. One, if I follow-up from Carly's question earlier. Think it was more towards the drivers that get you to the high end this year. That something I could bake in post-2025 and maybe carry that through my forecast model?
Jon Taylor: Well, yeah. I mean, listen. We're driving towards more efficient O and M. We're trying to build in some flexibility into the plan. We have a team of people working at that. And if that were, you know, if we're successful in executing that, which I think we will be, we'll continue that momentum into 2026 and beyond. So that's kind of our target in terms of what we are aiming for in terms of a company. And I feel really good about what I've seen so far and the momentum that we have for this year. Anthony, some of the tailwinds that we've seen from this year associated with making investments, getting that converted into base rates through rate proceedings, as well as the O and M discipline that we've had, create the tailwind for 2025, and we anticipate being able to create those tailwinds in years beyond this one.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then, just specific to Ohio, I believe in the current rate case that staff was against maybe an extension of the settlement window, guess, one, is that accurate? And is that mean can I interpret that as staff is more biased towards a litigated decision or that's an incorrect read of the situation?
Brian Tierney: Yeah. I'd read it as the staff wants to move the case forward expeditiously. Remember, this is a case that we filed over a year ago now, but that's not true. In May of 2024, I guess. So a long time ago. And if the staff would like to move expeditiously on this and the commission would, we're fully supportive of that.
Anthony Crowdell: Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you, Anthony. We have reached the end of our question and answer session. And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference webcast. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to FirstEnergy Corp. Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Karen Sagot, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Karen.
Karen Sagot: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to FirstEnergy's fourth quarter 2024 earnings review. Our Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer, Brian Tierney, will lead our call today, and he will be joined by Jon Taylor, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release, presentation slides, and related financial information are available on our website at firstenergycorp.com. Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Please read our cautionary statement and discussion of non-GAAP financial measures on Slides 2 and 3 of the presentation. Factors discussed in today's earnings news release, during today's conference call, and in our SEC filings could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. The appendix of today's presentation includes supplemental information, along with the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures. Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Karen. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in FirstEnergy. I would like to welcome Karen Sagot to FirstEnergy as our Head of Investor Relations. This is Karen's first of what I hope will be many earnings calls with us. She has quickly become a valued member of the management team. 2024 was a year of extraordinary structural change for our company, and I'm proud of what we've accomplished. First, we significantly de-risked our business from financial and regulatory perspectives and put together a team of leaders who are focused on driving a high level of performance for customers, employees, and investors. We also activated a powerful business model to invest in our electric infrastructure and our people, operate safely and efficiently with a focus on continuous improvement, recover our prudently incurred investments, and finance our regulated operations. Together, these efforts are making a positive impact for our 6 million customers, energizing and engaging our employees, and supporting our sustainable long-term growth objectives. I'll start today's call with a look at our 2024 financial performance and key milestones over the past year. I will discuss our outlook for 2025 and beyond and review the value proposition we offer shareholders. We delivered 2024 GAAP earnings of $1.70 per share. Operating earnings were $2.63 per share within the forecasted guidance range. Our 2024 results benefited from new rates and investments in our regulated businesses, execution on our capital plan, and O&M discipline. Earnings were also impacted by several headwinds throughout the year. These included lower sales volumes, partially due to mild weather conditions versus normal throughout much of the year. In the summer, we also experienced an unusual amount of storm activity that didn't meet the regulatory requirements for deferral. In the second half of the year, our Ohio revenues were below our plan due to the ESP-5 order, which I will discuss in more detail a bit later. Employees did a great job of navigating these headwinds. A primary focus of our new leadership team is making the company more resilient so we can drive results consistent with our plan and realize our company's potential. We're working across the organization to drive performance excellence and build a strong culture of continuous improvement. This includes ensuring our processes, performance, and accountability are consistent with being a premier electric company. The financial and regulatory milestones we achieved in 2024 and over the last couple of years have strengthened our foundation and reduced the risk profile of our underlying business. The success of the significant regulatory program we launched in 2023 has been instrumental to executing our strategy. We have now completed rate reviews in four of our five states since the fourth quarter of 2023, derisking 83% of our rate base when including transmission formula rate investments. Approved rate cases over the past 18 months in Maryland, West Virginia, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania have resulted in a net annual revenue increase of approximately $450 million and allow us to make the necessary investments for a stronger and more reliable grid. Most recently, in November, the Pennsylvania Commission approved our $225 million base rate case settlement with new rates effective January 1, 2025. We were pleased to reach this constructive outcome which builds on service reliability enhancements made in recent years. We also resolved several additional proceedings in 2024 to facilitate our investment plans and recover specific costs. The Pennsylvania Commission approved our third long-term infrastructure investment plan known as LTIP 3 in December. This program will track approximately $1.6 billion of capital targeted at grid modernization and reliability in Pennsylvania over the next five years. This includes planned investments of approximately $300 million in 2025 to improve circuits, deploy reclosers, and other sectionalizing devices, and replace overhead equipment to reduce customer outage times. Also in December, our Grid Mod II settlement was approved by the Ohio Commission. This is a four-year program that includes capital investments of just over $400 million to bring smart meter technology to all of our Ohio customers. In New Jersey, the BPU approved JCP&L's Energy Efficiency and Conservation Plan in November, which will help customers save on their electric bills. Total program costs of $817 million from January 2025 through June of 2027 with an authorized return of 9.6% on program investments. Turning to our balance sheet, completing the sale last March of the incremental 30% of FirstEnergy Transmission's equity interest was a transformative milestone for our company. It marked the final phase of our $7 billion multi-year effort to improve our balance sheet and fuel our investment plan. Successfully closing the transaction was the catalyst for our return to investment grade status and all three credit rating agencies. Across our holding company and subsidiaries, we achieved a total of 40 ratings upgrades in 2024, more than double the number of upgrades in the entire U.S. electric utility sector in 2023. Today, all FirstEnergy subsidiaries are investment grade and substantially all of our companies have their highest ratings in more than 20 years, and we are committed to maintaining these metrics. We put the power of our stronger financial position behind our comprehensive capital investment program, Energize365 to forge a smarter, more reliable grid. In 2024, we invested $4.5 billion in our system through this plan, surpassing our original plan by 5%, and an increase of more than 20% compared to 2023. To ensure we're performing at the highest levels, we transformed our organization and implemented an operating model that moves decision making closer to our customers and the employees doing the work. We then recruited external candidates and advanced internal talent to lead our companies forward. In total, we have placed 24 individuals in the critical roles at the Vice President level and above. This includes nine members of the senior leadership team, including our business unit presidents, as well as other key leadership roles. This new leadership team is applying their deep experience and building a high performance culture based on accountability, operational excellence, financial discipline, and achieving constructive regulatory outcomes. Another milestone in 2024 was resolving certain Ohio legacy proceedings, allowing us to focus our vision on the future. Finally, we delivered to shareholders a solid dividend, with 2024 declarations totaling $1.70 per share, an increase of just over 6% versus those declared in 2023. The successes we achieved in 2024 strengthen our foundation and support our vision for the company's bright future. Turning to Slide 7, let's begin a quick regulatory overview, starting with Ohio, which represents 17% of our rate base. As many of you know, the commission's long-awaited auditors report and our base rate case was made public last Friday. We believe the auditor's report was constructive on several issues and look forward to filing our response in the near term. The Ohio Commission has been diligent in separating legacy issues from traditional rate proceedings and has maintained that diligence in this case. The auditor's report focused mainly on a rate request. We have not experienced regulatory overhang in our interactions with the commission. In regards to the electric security plan, the commission approved our withdrawal of ESP-5 in December. The Ohio companies reverted back to ESP-4 on February 1st, but without revenue increases for our distribution capital recovery rider. ESP-4 should remain in place until ESP-6 goes into effect, which is expected to be close in time to when the base rate case is effective. Like ESP-5, our ESP-6 proposal focuses on reliability, affordability, and stewardship. ESP-6 defines distribution riders for the full term of the ESP and proposes increases to the DCR tied to reliability performance to better align within state peers and support significant capital investments. In the coming weeks, our Ohio companies will update the pending base rate case to remove provisions that are now appropriately addressed in our ESP-6 filing. In New Jersey, we continue working toward a settlement related to our infrastructure investment program, EnergizeNewJersey, which includes investments targeting system resiliency and substation modernization. In West Virginia this year, we will file our required integrated resource plan. The 10-year plan will include updated load forecasts and provide options around future generation needs to serve our customers and support economic development. Given the energy needs in West Virginia, we plan to explore building new dispatchable generation in the state. Should this be approved, it would be incremental to our investment plan. Turning to Slide 8. Over the last few years, we had remarkable growth in our core regulated earnings, but this growth did not come through clearly because of non-core components of operating earnings. Today, to assist investors in assessing our performance in our core business, we are introducing core earnings, which are the earnings of our distribution, integrated, standalone transmission, and corporate segments, excluding the earnings contribution from pension and the Signal Peak mine and special items. From 2022 to 2024, high-quality core earnings have grown by 33%. During the same period, non-core earnings from pension and Signal Peak, which are volatile and often outside of management's control, decreased by 59%. As we have in the past, we will continue to seek an exit from our Signal Peak ownership position. We believe that core earnings better reflect the true performance of the regulated utilities we manage and the necessary corporate functions of the company. Beginning in 2025 and for future periods, we will provide guidance for core earnings and core earnings growth rates. For 2025, we are introducing a core earnings per share guidance range of $2.40 per share to $2.60. This compares the core earnings of $2.37 per share in 2024. At the midpoint of 2025 guidance, this would represent growth of 5.5% or 7% when adjusted for the dilutive effect of the 2024 FET transaction. Our 2025 guidance includes continued solid growth from investments in our regulated operations. Our new guidance also accounts for several unanticipated factors that developed since our third quarter call. These include the impact of higher than anticipated financing costs, including significantly higher interest rates, the removal of a 50-basis point incentive from ATSI transmission rates, consistent with the decision by the U.S. Sixth Circuit Court in January, and Ohio DCR revenue caps, which were frozen at May 2024 levels, consistent with the commission's December order and our return to ESP-4 in February. In addition, the settlement in the Pennsylvania rate base calls for incremental spend on reliability-related maintenance activities, which is fully recovered in new rates. Initially, our plan included reductions in O&M in all of our segments so that total baseline O&M, inclusive of the increase in Pennsylvania, would be flat to 2023 and 2024. Ultimately, we concluded that doing so would not be sustainable and would not support the long-term operating, regulatory, and financial objectives of our company. Our core earnings guidance for 2025 reflects financial discipline from a targeted program being led by the new management team. The program includes organizational design changes, as well as programs focused on procurement and contractor staffing. With this program, we expect O&M in 2025 to be flat to 2023 and 2024, with the exception of the Pennsylvania-related increases. Jon will provide more detail on O&M discipline later in the call. This approach was developed with the new leadership of our operating companies. In this model, decision-making is closer to the customer, employee, and regulator. We will operate and invest consistent with the regulatory outcomes and commitments we have made to our customers in each jurisdiction. We anticipate investing $5 billion in our regulated properties during the year, an increase of approximately 11% over 2024. This investment is enabled by recent rate activity. Subject to board approval, we anticipate annual dividend declarations totaling $1.78 per share in 2025 and a payout ratio of 60% to 70% of core earnings over the planning period. For the 2025 through 2029 investment horizon, we are providing forecasted core earnings compounded annual growth rate of 6% to 8%. We're Energize365 $28 billion investment program through 2029. This represents an 8% increase from our previous five-year plan and results in a 9% compounded annual rate-based growth during the period. For our base investment plan, we do not anticipate incremental equity needs beyond our ongoing employee benefit programs. We are committed to our investment-grade credit ratings, and as we have incremental investment opportunities, we would consider a broad range of financing operations. Our CapEx plan is solid and has the flexibility to handle changes to individual projects. We believe that FirstEnergy represents a low-risk, reasonable return investment proposition to investors with an attractive total return opportunity of 10% to 12%. With that, let me turn the call over to Jon for more detail. Jon?
Jon Taylor : Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining the call. Today, I will briefly review our 2024 performance, provide additional detail on regulatory matters, and discuss our outlook for 2025 and beyond. You can find more detail on our results, including reconciliations for core earnings, in the Strategic and Financial Highlights document we posted to our IR website yesterday afternoon. As Brian mentioned, going forward, we will report our results using core earnings, which reflects the results of our regulated operations and holding company activity, excluding the earnings from Signal Peak and the mark-to-market impact of our pension plan. This was a very thoughtful decision and is the result of the volatility in these two income streams that, quite frankly, we don't control. For example, in addition to the volatility we've seen since 2022, in 2024, the earnings contribution of Signal Peak and pension was $0.26 a share. Our initial expectation for these contributions for 2025 was a little south of $0.20 a share, but that outlook improved as of the end of Q3, as our expectation for interest rates would remain low and commodity prices on Signal Peak Coal were stable. In Q4, interest rates increased significantly, negatively impacting the pension and commodity prices have significantly decreased, impacting the profitability of Signal Peak. The contribution of these two items have declined significantly from our expectation, and this type of volatility is not sustainable and the reason for the change to reporting on core earnings. To close out 2024, I'll walk you through our results relative to the guidance we provided on operating earnings. Operating earnings for 2024 are $2.63 a share, which compares to $2.56 a share in 2023. Results are at the lower end of our revised earnings guidance range due to the impact of unanticipated lower customer demand, in part due to milder temperatures in Q4. The combined impact of our legacy non-regulated Signal Peak investment and net periodic pension income decreased 30% from $0.36 a share in 2023 to $0.26 a share in 2024, and comprised about 10% of our 2024 operating earnings. Our full year results benefited from new base rates in our integrated business and growth from formula rate transmission and distribution investment programs, which resulted in a significant improvement across our regulated businesses as compared to 2023. In our distribution segment, earnings increased $0.04 year-over-year, primarily from higher weather-related distribution sales, lower Ohio rate credits, and higher revenues associated with the Pennsylvania DIS program. This was partially offset by the impact of the Ohio ESP-5 order, which negatively impacted results by $0.04 a share, as well as higher non-deferred storm costs. In our integrated segment, earnings increased $0.29 a share, primarily due to new base rates in New Jersey, West Virginia, and Maryland, and higher weather-related distribution sales, partially offset by a higher effective income tax rate. The three base rate cases in this segment resulted in a significant improvement in the returns in these jurisdictions, with ROEs at the end of 2024 ranging from 8.3% to 9.3% on the equity portion of rate base. In the standalone transmission business, earnings declined $0.12 a share. Our investment programs increased earnings by $0.07 a share, or more than 10% versus 2023. However, this was more than offset by the dilution from the 30% interest sale of FET, which closed in March of 2024. FE owned rate base in this business was $5.3 billion at the end of 2024, which represents year-over-year growth of 10%. Finally, in our corporate segment, losses increased $0.04 a share year-over-year, largely due to the absence of a state tax benefit recognized in 2023. This was partially offset by lower interest expense, reflecting $460 million in debt redemption at FE HoldCo as part of the planned use of proceeds from the FET transaction. Turning to the balance sheet as part of our 2024 financing plan, during the fourth quarter we issued $700 million in debt securities with registration rights at a JCP&L. The bond issuance was oversubscribed by 8 times with a coupon of 5.1%, representing a spread of 95 basis points. All in, our 2024 financing plan included five transactions totaling $2.1 billion with a weighted average interest rate of 5.1%. Additionally, we continue to mitigate risk associated with our pension plan. In January, we completed a $650 million lift-out associated with the company's former generation subsidiaries at 99% of par. In combination with the lift-out in December of 2023, we have removed approximately $1.4 billion of gross pension obligations from the balance sheet, representing the obligation and funding risk related to our former generation subsidiaries. Looking at our credit metrics, FFO to total debt was impacted by the SEC and OOCIC settlement payments, as well as a historic storm event in Cleveland last August. Excluding these unique payments, which negatively impacted the metrics by 150 basis points, FFO to total debt was 14% in 2024. A strong balance sheet remains paramount to our strategy. Shifting gears, let's talk about our expectations for 2025 and our five-year planning period through 2029. The materials posted to our website yesterday afternoon included updated financial outlets, including our base capital plan and rate-based growth, which supports our targeted core earnings compounded annual growth rate of 6% to 8% through 2029. Our expanded five-year Energize365 capital investment program of $28 billion includes increasing annual capital investments from $5 billion in 2025 to $6.4 billion in 2029, resulting in compounded annual rate-based growth of 9% through the end of the five-year period. For 2025, these capital investments will be financed with a combination of internally generated cash flow and debt issued at our operating companies. This year's debt financing planning currently consists of eight transactions, approximating $3.6 billion, of which $2 billion is new money requirements. Approximately 75% of the planned investments are in formula rate or formula-like recovery mechanisms that provide real-time returns. And nearly half of the total investments are in FERC-regulated assets, which resulted in a 10% compounded annual rate-based growth in our standalone transmission segment and 24% growth in transmission rate base in our integrated business. Our financial results for 2024 resulted in a consolidated return on equity of 9.4% on rate base of $25.9 billion, which compares to 8.8% in 2023. Our financial plan improves upon the efforts we've made to enhance our returns over the last few years, targeting actual returns consistent with allowed returns on a consolidated basis. Capital deployment, continued focus on financial discipline with operating expenses, and regulatory outcomes that support fair returns on our investments are pillars to our plan. Additionally, through the recent base rate cases, we have made significant improvement in aligning our regulatory returns as disclosed in our materials with our core earnings, with adjustments or differences being more traditional and largely limited to AFUDC equity, the recovery of retirement benefits and items such as non-operating income and interest synchronization. Our well-positioned footprint continues to be very attractive to data center developers. Through 2029, our plan includes 2.6 gigawatts of data center demand that is active or contracted, and we are seeing data center growth in our pipeline of just over 5.5 gigawatts through that same period, which would result in an incremental $350 million to our base capital program. Beyond 2029, the pipeline includes over 6 gigawatts of data center activity and even greater potential with the steady influx of load studies we've seen over the past year. Our current forecast, which only includes contracted data center demand, includes compounded annual sales growth for our industrial class of 5% from ‘25 to ‘29, and in the near term, 8.5% from ‘25 to ‘27. This forecast would increase as projects in the pipeline become contracted in addition to providing incremental transmission investment opportunities. Turning to our financial plan for 2025, as Brian mentioned, since our Q3 call, there have been some developments that have lowered our core earnings forecast for 2025 versus our most recent expectations, including higher financing costs, which is comprised of increased borrowings and higher interest rates, mainly attributable to the yield on the 10-year treasury increasing about 100 basis points since the first part of October. Regulatory outcomes that were slightly less than planned, specifically related to Ohio DCR revenues being held flat as part of the ESP-5 withdrawal and the 50 basis point reduction in the FE ROE, as well as a decision on base O&M that Brian discussed earlier. We are providing a 2025 core earnings guidance range of $2.40 to $2.60 a share with a $2.50 per share midpoint, representing 5.5% growth off of 2024 core earnings of $2.37. 2025 is primarily driven by the outcome of the approved Pennsylvania base rate case in our Distribution segment, which resulted in a net annual revenue increase of $225 million beginning January 1 of this year and includes recovery of expenses for additional operational and maintenance work, such as an enhanced vegetation management program as well as storm cost and other deferred cost recovery. Additionally, the integrated segment is positively impacted by the first full year of new rates in West Virginia and New Jersey and continued growth in our formula like and formula rate investment programs. As Brian discussed, we are driving meaningful changes across FirstEnergy to enable our long-term success as a premier electric company. This requires investments to modernize the way we work and improve the customer experience. While we strive for a balance, we are focused on meeting our regulatory commitments and doing this work as effectively and efficiently as we can. Our plan supports this foundational work to achieve our vision. For example, consistent with our approved base rate case in Pennsylvania, our O&M expenses in 2025 includes increased scope to drive reliability improvements, mostly through an enhanced vegetation management program. Absent the higher O&M in Pennsylvania, which is fully recovered through revenue increases, our 2025 planned O&M is flat to 2024 and 2023 levels. We are focused on financial discipline across the business, including supply chain optimization, reducing reliance on contractors and staff augmentation and driving efficiencies throughout the entire organization. This is work that is extremely important and will be a continued focus of the management team. We have made tremendous progress to execute on our business model, derisk the company, invest in the opportunities across our businesses to improve the reliability and resiliency of the electric system, and enhance the customer experience. We also have a new organizational structure and leadership team in place to deliver on our commitments to our stakeholders. With a concrete focus on our core business, we are excited about the future and look forward to building on our momentum and delivering value as a premier electric company. Now let's open the call to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, we will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed.
Shar Pourreza : Hey, guys. Good morning. Can you guys hear me?
Operator: Yes, we can hear you.
Shar Pourreza : Great. So Brian, just diving into the '25 guide, which is obviously a bit of a reset. Just trying to get a sense on how much of the tail risks you're highlighting are timing related? What you're now assuming on interest rates, so could that become a tailwind? How much of the O&M pressure is PA related? And just, I guess, where are you within the 6% to 8% off the lower '25 base assuming what we know today? Thanks.
Operator: I believe we're having a slight difficulty with the speaker lines. [Operator Instructions].
Brian Tierney : Shar, can you hear us?
Shar Pourreza : Yeah, much better now. Hey, Brian, good morning.
Brian Tierney : Sorry about that. Maybe we cut O&M a little too far.
Shar Pourreza : I thought you were still enamored by my question. You were kind of speechless. I was complimenting myself there.
Brian Tierney : It was a great question. Let me go about answering it. And if I missed something, let me know. We do anticipate being in that 6% to 8% range beginning '25 through to '26 and for the full range that we've talked about. As a management team, we will be disappointed if we don't end in the upper end of that range. As Jon and I talked about during the call, much of the O&M change, all of the O&M change can be described as the increase that we received in the Pennsylvania base rate case settlement. As a management team, we felt it was important to spend the dollars that we agreed to spend in Pennsylvania, and we're holding O&M flat at the other four operating units to demonstrate that discipline. We do have a program in place that's talking about reducing staff augmentation, procurement efforts, some organizational design efforts. So we are incredibly focused on O&M discipline but felt that we needed to spend the dollars that we committed to spending in Pennsylvania. So like I said, in the range, beginning '25 to '26 and through the whole investment horizon that we talked about, '25 through '29 and again, we'll be disappointed if we weren't in the upper end of the range.
Shar Pourreza : Okay. Perfect. And then just quickly touching on the audit report. I mean a few moving pieces there, but the report kind of suggested a lower revenue requirement rate base ROE, the equity ratio was flat. No mention of goodwill treatment. Obviously, the numbers aren't as relevant as they reflect ESP-5. But how could the findings play into ESP-6. You have a lot of balls in the air in the state. So I just want to get a sense if there's any read-throughs in your upcoming filings? Thanks.
Brian Tierney : So thank you for that, Shar. So there are things that will move from the base rate case to the ESP and back and forth, and we need to reconcile those, and we anticipate doing that shortly in an upcoming filing. But I do think it's significant that they did focus on a couple of things that we talked about previously. They recommended a capital structure of 51% equity. Our current capital structure is 55%. No real mention of goodwill in that discussion. They've also proposed an ROE of 9.63% versus our proposed 10.8%, but the 9.63% is consistent with what other companies have gotten in Ohio. We're going to address these issues. We, again, think that our view is the right one. The actual equity structure, the higher ROE, and we'll be addressing those issues in our response to the audit report here in the next 30 days.
Shar Pourreza : Okay, perfect. I appreciate it Brian. Thanks so much. I’ll pass this line. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Carly Davenport : Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just a quick one on the balance sheet. You highlighted the actual '24 FFO to debt at 12.5%. I recognize there's some more onetime items in there. Can you just talk about the path to getting that back towards the 14% target for the planning period? And is that something that you view as sustainable sort of in each year of the planning period? Or could we see some variability there?
Jon Taylor : Hey, Carly, it's Jon. Yeah. So if you think about where we were for 2024, you just kind of strip out some of those unique items that aren't in our plan for 2025. So for instance, the $120 million payment we made to the SEC and OOCIC, that significant storm in Cleveland, you just strip some of that out you're close to the 14% in 2025. Then you add on the impact of the Pennsylvania rate case and the cash flow that's going to be generated with new rates effective January 1. Our plan for this year is slightly above 14%, and we believe that's sustainable going forward.
Carly Davenport : Great. That's helpful. Thank you. And then maybe just one on transmission. For the projects that were selected by PJM yesterday as part of the JV or you're part of with Dominion and AEP, are there any assumptions on those projects that are reflected in the current plan? Or would you expect those to fall outside of the scope of the current planning period?
Brian Tierney : So Carly, let me start, and I'll let Jon talk about the financing of it. We anticipate that our share of those projects will be about $675 million. About $625 million of that is going to be an FET and the remainder of that is going to be in our owned operating companies. So we view this JV as being a significant opportunity for us, but there are some unique items around financing, then I'll give it to Jon.
Jon Taylor : Yeah, Carly. So the CapEx that will be financed by the FirstEnergy company is in our plan. The JV is going to be off balance sheet. So it will be an investment that we have in that JV and we'll have to make an equity contribution to that joint venture to capitalize it. But that CapEx would be financed off balance sheet and wouldn't necessarily be in our capital plan. But everything else that we've were awarded yesterday is in our financial plan.
Carly Davenport : Got it. Great. Thanks so much for the color.
Jon Taylor : Thanks, Carly.
Operator: Our next question is from Nick Campanella with Barclays. Please proceed.
Nick Campanella : Hey, thanks good morning. I wanted to just make a quick follow-up on Shar's question about the Blue Bridge report and the Ohio rate case and just now that you kind of have a marker out there, what are your thoughts on just being able to maybe settle some of these issues with staff? And is that possible? Or are you just going to be taking this a full distance to an order eventually? Thank you.
Brian Tierney : So thanks, Nick. We always like to settle cases where we have the opportunity to do that. And of course, we'll be open to doing that in this case. The way our cases have been going recently, there's been no regulatory overhang, but they have been going through to adjudicated settlements. We were fortunately able to settle Grid Mod II. I think this one, given the complexity, the nature, the length of time and the like, I anticipate this one will be fully adjudicated. That being said, we don't see any regulatory overhang. The Blue Ridge report was -- it didn't have attitude towards it, it seemed to be factual. It seemed to be based on the matters almost entirely in the rate case. And I think I don't want to say too much about a case that we're currently adjudicating, but we'll make our response in the next 30 days, and I anticipate this case moving forward as planned. The commission has been handling these business-as-usual rate cases, straight down the middle of the road, and I anticipate that they'll do that through the end of this, and we anticipate a constructive outcome similar to what we got in Grid Mod II
Nick Campanella : Thanks for the comment. I definitely appreciate it. I guess just going back to the 6% to 8% in your comments about being higher in the range. If you're going to be higher in the range, just I guess why isn't this a 7% to 8% CAGR? And what's kind of -- what are you kind of handicapping or watching that would kind of put you lower at the -- more at the 6% level? Thanks.
Brian Tierney : Yeah. So the traditional things that you would expect that would impact utilities earnings, right? Regulatory outcomes, ability to get recovery load all the traditional things that you would expect, which is why we're focusing people on the core earnings. Things that could take us to the upper end of the range. We've gotten -- in the last two and half years, we've got about $2.5 billion of competitive transmission awards. I anticipate those will continue to come as load grows, as we see data center impacts and the like. We're not putting those in our plan yet because we don't have them similar to how we're not putting data centers that aren't contracted into our plan, but we have a significant pipeline there. So if the data center pipeline comes through and they go from being pipeline to contracted, if we have more of those competitive transmission opportunities that we're able to secure, I think there are more tailwinds than there are headwinds, but we can't put them in the plan until we have them either contracted or awarded.
Nick Campanella : Thank you very much.
Brian Tierney : Thanks, Nick.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Lonegan with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Michael Lonegan : Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So as we think about your targeted consolidated earned ROE of 9.5% to 10%, is that the level you're assuming in this 6% to 8% core EPS CAGR? And also, what earned ROE contribution are you projecting from Ohio in the forecast period?
Jon Taylor : Yeah, Michael, this is Jon. So in the forecast period, we are assuming that we're going to earn on a consolidated basis, somewhere in that 9.5% to 10% and that's excluding the holding company activity, so FE Holdco, FET Holdco. For Ohio, we're going to assume that we earn close to our allowed return, whatever that is coming out of the rate case, which we think would be in that 9.5% to 10.5% range, which we've talked about before. And we'll have to work our way through the rate case, but that's what we're assuming for Ohio.
Michael Lonegan : Great. Thank you. And then you talked about dispatchable generation opportunity in West Virginia. I wonder if you could talk about the size of that investment opportunity. When that could enter your plan? And then that, along with the incremental transmission capital from data center demand to $350 million, what portion of all this capital could be funded with equity?
Brian Tierney : Yeah. So let me first talk about the West Virginia component. We have about 3,000 megawatts of coal-fired generation that's going to be retired -- it's planned to be retired, whether that happens or not, between 2035 and 2040. So if we were to start building for that eventuality, I could see the spend for that coming in, in years four or five of our plan today and continuing beyond the 2029 period and extending throughout the 2030s. If you look at 3,000 to 4,000 megawatts of combined cycle, I think you're talking $3 billion to -- I'd say $4 billion to $6 billion potential spend over that 12 to 15-year period, which I think would make a lot of sense, replacing the thermal generation that we have and allowing for growth and economic development opportunities. I can't remember the second part of the question.
Michael Lonegan : What portion of all this incremental capital could be funded with equity?
Brian Tierney : I think you'd have to assume going forward that we would fund things from cash flow from operations. I think we would use debt and we would also use a combination of equity and equity-like instruments. So the traditional ways that you would finance utility investment are what we would use for that and everything else that we have.
Michael Lonegan : Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Brian Tierney : Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Jeremy Tonet : Hi, good morning.
Brian Tierney : Good morning, Jeremy. How are you?
Jeremy Tonet : Doing good, how are you? Just want to come back to the no equity issuance in the message here. I just wanted to see kind of like the boundaries of what could possibly change that? And I mean, if anything happens, I guess, in this legislative session related to the ESPs or the rate case outcome, just wondering if we could think about the cushion there, I guess, if anything goes bump in the night against expectations?
Jon Taylor : Yeah, Jeremy, this is Jon. So we're targeting a 100 basis point plus of cushion in the metrics. And our forecast supports that today. I think as we think about incremental capital to this base plan that we have today, as Brian mentioned, I think we would finance that with a range of different options. So if you look at our data center demand that's in the pipeline that would be an incremental $350 million of CapEx as that becomes contracted. That could be funded with a portion of equity. But that's something that we'll have to take a look at. And I think it also depends on where that CapEx is, is it transmission related, is it forward-looking formula rate related, so there's a lot of things that we would have to take into consideration as we think about our financing plan going forward.
Jeremy Tonet : Got it. That's helpful there. And I just want to come back to bill headroom, if you could. And your latest thoughts there post PJM and post the recent New Jersey auction as well. Just anything you could share with how you see bill headroom right now?
Brian Tierney : We are either lower than or equal to our in-state peers. When you look at our share of wallet in terms of what our bill represents, it's less than 5% across our jurisdictions. So we're obviously aware of impact on customer affordability and are doing everything we can to keep bills affordable. All the activity that we're taking in terms of trying to maintain flat O&M, only spending O&M where we have the authorization to do it and we have recovery for it, like in Pennsylvania, but we're very mindful of affordability. But on a comparative basis and a share of wallet basis, we think we come from a relative position of strength.
Jeremy Tonet : Got it. That make sense. I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
Brian Tierney : Thanks, Jeremy.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Steve Fleishman : Hi, good morning. So just on pension funding. Could you just give us an update of kind of where you ended the year on like funded status of the pension? I guess when rates go up, that should actually be helpful, I think.
Jon Taylor : Yeah. So we ended the year at about 84% funded. And so probably flat to maybe slightly down from the last year. Some of that is just the asset performance in the plan this year was lower than we had expected, which more than offset the lower liability associated with higher interest rates.
Steve Fleishman : Okay. Totally separate question. Just on the Ohio consultant report or just the rate case overall, I think, Brian, you just said you're going to respond in 30 days to it. Is there any other schedule to the case at this point? Or is that just the rest of the schedule?
Brian Tierney : Yes. So thank you, Steve. We don't have a procedural schedule yet in the case, and we need to respond to the report 30 days from when it was issued, which was last Friday. So we'll be doing that timely, of course. A lot of the heavy lifting of the analysis and work was done by Blue Ridge in that audit report. And now it's back and forth, people commenting on it, people talking about their views of it as we'll all do when we respond. But I think we're on track to get an order by the end of the year with that report getting filed when it did last week.
Steve Fleishman : Okay. And then I guess last question, just I'm not -- I don't know what's going to happen with the -- I guess, curious your case of the bills pending in Ohio that might affect ESPs and whether -- since you've already filed a new one, would that be okay, since I think any changes will be prospective, not backward?
Brian Tierney : Yes. So -- thank you for that, Steve. We filed our comments in the proceedings that are going on in that. And we think whether or not you keep ESPs, we think the trackers that are in ESPs are an important way for people that invest in utilities in the state to get more timely recovery than what you would get through a base rate case. So if you just look at the FirstEnergy companies, we invest around $1 billion annually in the state of Ohio. For us to wait for recovery of that investment to a base rate case doesn't make sense. And it would really put Ohio out of the mainstream of other states and the FERC, who allow for some form of tracker formula base rate or the like. So whether you call it an ESP, having a tracking mechanism or a formula-based rate is incredibly important to incentivizing investment in the state of Ohio. And I'd hate to see Ohio make a mistake on that and have that investment go to other states and have Ohio lose a competitive advantage for economic development.
Steve Fleishman : Got it. That makes a lot of sense. Thank you.
Brian Tierney : Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Please proceed.
Andrew Weisel : Hey, good morning, everybody.
Brian Tierney : Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel : Can you please talk a little bit about demand trends? You mentioned a couple of times that sales were lower than expected. I know you pointed to weather, but even on a weather-adjusted basis, the full year was flat overall and weak in the residential and commercial segments. Any details you can give on the underlying trends and particularly that commercial class, which was down a little bit? That's where data centers are included, right?
Jon Taylor : Data centers, Andrew, in our company are in the industrial sector. This is different, I think, than maybe you see at other companies. Here's what I would say on load relative to residential, we saw some trends in Pennsylvania that they have an energy efficiency program there. They've probably deployed close to $100 million just towards the residential sector to be more efficient with their energy usage. So we started to see some of that, and it really started to come to fruition in the fourth quarter. But we really don't look at one quarter necessarily as a trend. And so we're going to see how that plays out over the next quarter or two, but that was what we saw. There could be a little bit of return to office there as well. And we're looking at that. But there's really -- I don't have a good sense of that at this point in time. If you look at just the industrial sector, I think in the fourth quarter alone, there were some steel customers that were off-line that kind of threw the trend off. But we think that's going to rebound fairly nicely given what we're seeing, specifically in Ohio and Maryland, with data center activity.
Andrew Weisel : Okay. Great. Thank you. Then on the dividend, I know it's a board decision, but with the rebased earnings outlook to core as a payout ratio, you're a little bit above the high end of the targeted 60% to 70% range. Any thoughts on how we should think about dividend growth going forward relative to the 6% to 8% earnings?
Brian Tierney : Yeah. So we were a little bit ahead as well in 2024. I think we're darn close to that range, and I anticipate that we're going to stay close to or inside that range going forward. I think that dividend will likely as it has in the past, grow with core earnings. But I anticipate that the board may want to take full advantage of the full range they have, but are comfortable with where we're coming in, in '24 and where we anticipate coming in at '25.
Andrew Weisel : Okay, thank you so much.
Brian Tierney : Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed.
Anthony Crowdell : Hey, good morning, team.
Brian Tierney : Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Crowdell : I just had a quick follow-up to Steve's question. I think it was related to Ohio legislation and particularly ESPs and you spoke about the benefits to Ohio if you have them. But in your prepared remarks, you talked about you are going to -- and I apologize if I'm summarizing incorrectly, you're going to maybe true up and move some items in the general rate case to the ESP filing. I'm wondering if that legislation that you spoke about does happen in the past, do you have the ability to move maybe things that you were looking to collect through the ESP back into the general rate case.
Brian Tierney : It's a good question, Andy. Of course, we would try to do that. Like we never want things to be hung out there that aren't being recovered. And I think a change in law would be something that we would move to make sure that we get timely recovery of. We never want things that aren't being recovered or paid for. And of course, we would try to do that if that became an eventuality. There are other components that will continue to be reflected in formula-based rates at places like the federal level. So if certain taxes were to change, for instance, we would be able to get those recovered fairly quickly through the federal formula base rate annual mechanism.
Anthony Crowdell : Have you guys quantified how much revenue you collect through the ESP? And I don't mind following offline, I wasn't looking to put you guys in the weeds here.
Jon Taylor : No, no, no. Just to give you a sense of it. For 2025, the DCR revenue has held flat at $390 million. And then we probably collect less than $50 million right now on the grid mod AMI rider.
Anthony Crowdell : Thanks so much for taking my questions.
Brian Tierney: Anthony, the only thing I would say is, like all that will be collapsed to zero in the base rate case. It will move from the rider programs to base rates, but that will happen naturally through the base rate case proceeding. So that's a really important point that Jon is making. A lot of what's going on in the base rate case is resetting riders to zero and putting it in base rate cases, so in the base rate case. So either way, we will be significantly derisking the component that we receive through riders in the ESP.
Anthony Crowdell : So I don't mean to double dip then it's not -- you collect it 40 in the ESP in '24, but I should not think that's 2026 because it gets reset to zero.
Jon Taylor : Yes. So you'll see a significant increase in base rates, the riders reset to zero and then they would restart again to collect on capital you've deployed since the test year of the base rate case.
Anthony Crowdell : Perfect. Thank you so much.
Jon Taylor : Thank you, it is really important for us.
Operator: We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference webcast. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Gina Caskey, Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Responsibility. Please go ahead, Gina.
Gina Caskey: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to FirstEnergy's third quarter 2024 earnings review. Our President and Chief Executive Officer, Brian Tierney, will lead our call today, and he will be joined by Jon Taylor, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release, presentation slides and related financial information are available on our website at firstenergycorp.com. Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause our results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements can be found in our SEC filings. The appendix of today's presentation includes supplemental information, along with the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures. Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Gina. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in FirstEnergy. Today, I will review our financial performance for the third quarter and discuss key strategic updates. I will also provide updates on recent regulatory developments, address critical issues in our industry and review the value proposition we offer shareholders. Looking at our third quarter results. GAAP earnings from continuing operations were $0.73 per share compared to $0.74 per share in the third quarter of 2023. Operating earnings for the quarter were $0.85 per share compared to $0.88 in 2023, which included state tax benefits that did not repeat this year. Earnings for the quarter benefited from higher distribution sales, primarily from more normal weather versus 2023, the implementation of new base rates in our integrated segment and the impact of formula rate investments across all of our businesses. These items were primarily offset by higher storm-related expenses, dilution from the 30% sale of FirstEnergy Transmission and the absence of state tax benefits that were recognized in 2023 in our corporate segment. Our team continues to do a great job maintaining their focus on efficient operations and financial discipline, while executing against our plan. We experienced headwinds in the quarter, including significant storm expenses, some of which were not deferred for recovery. Our team responded to the headwinds, demonstrating resilience and discipline to achieve third quarter earnings within our guidance range. I'm proud of their work and I'm confident that we are building the right team and culture focused on our core values and priorities to ensure that we deliver sustainable value for our customers, communities, and shareholders. Today, we are narrowing our [Technical Difficulty] operating earnings range to [Technical Difficulty] from our previous range of $2.61 to $2.81 per share. During 2024, we were able to offset a number of financial headwinds through cost savings and focusing on capital work. In the quarter, we realized significant storm costs that did not meet the regulatory requirements for deferral. This development is leading us to make the guidance adjustment. We are reaffirming our five year CapEx plan of $26 billion through 2028 as well as our 6% to 8% long-term annual operating earnings growth rate, which is driven by average annual rate base growth of 9%. We plan to provide a more comprehensive update, including a 2025 to 2029 financial plan early next year. We've put in the foundational work to support our goals. Now we're executing against our operational, financial and regulatory plans to become a premier electric company. We'll continue to make meaningful investments that deliver value to our customers. Through the third quarter, our capital investments totaled $3.1 billion, an increase of 22% compared to the first nine months of 2023. We are increasing our 2024 investment plan from $4.3 billion to $4.6 billion, with over 70% in formula rate investments. The enhanced 2024 investment plan reflects increased reliability investments, primarily in our distribution and stand-alone transmission businesses. We're also participating in PJM's 2024 regional transmission expansion plan, which is incremental to our $26 billion Energize365 Investment Plan. We entered into a joint development agreement with Dominion Energy Virginia and American Electric Power to propose several new regional transmission projects across multiple states within the PJM footprint. These includes several new 765-kv, 500-kv, 345-kv transmission lines in our collective service territories. We believe this collaboration will facilitate joint analysis of constraints, development of long range buildable solutions and execution of those solutions in a cost effective and timely manner, leveraging each company's strength, ranging from expertise in constructing and operating different transmission voltage systems to the use of existing corridors and community relationships will allow for higher confidence in the execution of our proposals. In September, the joint development parties collectively submitted multiple portfolios of solutions to the competitive planning process. The most comprehensive of these options totals $3.8 billion in investment. FirstEnergy also submitted nearly $1 billion of individual projects to PJM and for needs that are outside the joint development agreement. PJM staff is expected to select recommended projects by the end of the year with final approval expected at the PJM Board meeting in late February. From an operation standpoint, we're seeing great results from our new business unit structure. And yesterday, we made another key addition to our leadership team. Karen McClendon has been named Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, effective November 11th. Karen brings to FirstEnergy more than three decades of human resources experience, most recently as the CHRO at Paychex. She will spearhead our efforts to integrate and advance our human capital strategy, ensuring alignment with our strategic vision. She will be responsible for functions, including talent management, benefits and compensation, labor and employee relations as well as our commitment to building an inclusive workforce and a workplace reflective of the communities we serve. I am pleased to welcome Karen to FirstEnergy. Our new business unit structure is driving strong performance. This summer, four of our new business unit executives recruited from inside and outside the company, took the helm at our New Jersey, Ohio, Pennsylvania and stand-alone transmission businesses. John Hawkins, President of our Pennsylvania business, led the team to craft the recent rate case settlement, demonstrating our commitment to building constructive regulatory relationships and driving results that support our customers. Torrence Hinton and Doug Mokoid led a tremendous response to challenging summer storms in Ohio and New Jersey. In New Jersey, Doug led JCP&L through 10 separate storm response events, since he came on board at the beginning of the summer. These back-to-back events had our crews and storm rotation for six consecutive weeks as they restored service to our customers. In Ohio, in historic storm on August 6th in the Cleveland area disrupted power for more than 600,000 customers. This included five confirmed tornadoes, resulting in significant damage to the electric distribution system. It was the most impactful storm to hit the Cleveland area, since 1993. Our response to this storm totaled more than $120 million and involved more than 7,500 workers, including thousands of FirstEnergy employees and contractors from 12 states. This massive restoration effort with coordination and collaboration across state and local government agencies was executed at a high level and allowed us to restore power ahead of our original targets. In Ohio, we received positive media coverage and community recognition for our storm response and our consistent, reliable communications. Coming together to help our communities is a hallmark of our industry. We're grateful for the assistance we received from outside crews, and we're proud to step in when we're needed elsewhere. More than 1,000 of our own employees and contractors were dispatched this fall to help restore power in communities devastated by hurricanes Helene and Milton. The work that these men and women do is critical to our country, and I thank them for their service. Turning to regulatory matters. In Pennsylvania, as I mentioned, John Hawkins led the effort to engage with parties and reach a settlement in our rate review. The $225 million settlement reflects a carefully balanced compromise with key stakeholders, including Public Utility Commission staff, the Office of Consumer Advocate and various industrial energy user groups and unions. The rate adjustment builds on the service reliability enhancements we've made in Pennsylvania in recent years. It supports upgrading additional distribution grid equipment, ongoing tree trimming and improving customer service levels. At the same time, it provides additional resources to help vulnerable and low income customers manage their bills. This month, the administrative law judge recommended that the commission approved the settlement. We anticipate approval in December with new rates taking effect on January 1, 2025. In Ohio yesterday, after careful consideration, we filed to withdraw our fifth electric security plan referred to as ESP V. As we have discussed previously, the ESP V order did not give us clarity on key conditions throughout the term of the ESP. Specifically, conditions for our distribution capital recovery rider and the vegetation management rider were only defined through the base rate case and not the five year period of the ESP. Although we had previously requested a rehearing on these issues, a recent Ohio Supreme Court ruling limited the time frame the commission has to grant rehearing, effectively resulting in our application for rehearing being denied by operation of law. The withdraw, which is subject to a commission order, will result in the Ohio companies reverting back to ESP IV until an ESP VI is filed and approved. We expect to file ESP VI by early next year, better aligning the review of that ESP with the review of our Ohio base rate case. This alignment should reduce risk and provide needed certainty for our customers and the company. Turning to other regulatory matters. We anticipate an order by the end of the year in our Ohio Grid Mod II case. You will recall, we filed a partial settlement agreement in April, focused on deploying automated meters for all of our Ohio customers, similar to our end-state peers. In New Jersey, we expect BPU approval this week for JCP&L's Energy Efficiency and Conservation Plan. Program costs of $817 million from January 2025 to June 2027 are included in our financial plan. As a reminder, JCP&L earns its authorized return on the included program investments. Currently, we are in settlement discussions on JCP&L's infrastructure investment plan, EnergizeNewJersey, which includes significant investments over five years to provide customer benefits through system resiliency and grid and substation modernization. As we look to the future needs of our customers, we must address the challenges that are rapidly coming to the U.S. electric system. Analysts forecast that data center and AI share of U.S. electricity consumption will triple to 390 terawatt hours by 2030, equal to the energy use of approximately one-third of U.S. homes. In our own footprint, load study requests for facilities of 500 megawatts or more have already more than tripled compared to 2023. While we have transmission capacity to support data center investments, we are being thoughtful about our approach to ensure that our existing customers have adequate protections and that we appropriately manage risks. In PJM, the July capacity auction produced record high prices that will impact monthly residential bills by 11% to 19% beginning in June of next year. Despite the increase in prices, there wasn't any new dispatchable generation that cleared the auction. This is concerning to us on behalf of our 6 million customers as we think about service reliability and customer affordability. These are complex demand and supply side issues that require long-term thinking and strategy to appropriately support customers' energy needs. We will always advocate on behalf of our customers to ensure reliable and affordable electric service, and we're committed to working collaboratively across the industry to address this challenge on our customers' behalf. We are laser focused on executing against our plan, which significantly improves the customer experience through resiliency and reliability investments, grid modernization investments and enhanced tools and communications. It also supports a cleaner grid and increased load growth through operational flexibility. Delivering these benefits to our customers and communities fuels attractive returns and the compelling value proposition we offer to shareholders. Our updated 2024 capital investment plan of $4.6 billion is 24% more than we invested in the full-year of 2023 and 7% more than originally budgeted. Our prudent infrastructure investments to support the customer experience together with incremental opportunities such as PJM's RTEP process offer FirstEnergy a long runway for growth. With our Pennsylvania rate case settlement, we achieved another milestone, demonstrating our ability to reach constructive and reasonable regulatory outcomes that support our customers, our strong affordability position and our attractive risk profile. Our year-to-date results represent improved earnings quality that is driven by growth in our core regulated business. This earnings growth and strong dividend yield represent a compelling shareholder return with upside potential. We are building the right team and culture and we have the financial strength to deliver on this plan. This is a new FirstEnergy. I'm proud of the progress we've made and excited about our future. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Taylor: Thanks, Brian, and good morning. Thank you for joining the call. I'll provide a few more details on our financial performance and regulatory matters, address economic and customer trends and provide an update on our financial initiatives. Let's start with a review of our financial performance. Our third quarter earnings of $0.85 a share were at the low end of our guidance range. Operating earnings versus plan were mostly impacted by storm restoration expenses. As Brian mentioned, we experienced a number of storms in New Jersey and Ohio, including a large number that did not meet the regulatory threshold for deferral. Restoration activity resulted in about $30 million of non-deferred storm O&M, which represents 10% of the consolidated O&M in the quarter. Absent this unusual storm activity, we would have been closer to the midpoint of our guidance range. In fact, total year-to-date storm restoration costs are $550 million, of which about $60 million were included in O&M with the remaining amount included in our investment plan or deferred to the balance sheet. The $0.85 per share for Q3 compares to $0.88 per share in the third quarter of last year, which included a significant state tax benefit in our corporate segment. In our Distribution business, earnings were $0.39 a share in the quarter compared to $0.37 a share in 2023. This reflects higher customer demand, mostly from the mild temperatures last year and rate base growth in formula rate investment programs, partially offset by other items, mainly the impact of the Ohio ESP V that was effective June 1st of this year. Operating expense reductions in this business were offset by higher storm restoration expenses. In our Integrated segment, consistent with what we have seen throughout the year, earnings increased $0.09 a share, which is a 32% increase over last year. This reflects the implementation of new base rates in Maryland, West Virginia and New Jersey, rate base growth in distribution and transmission formula rate investment programs and lower financing costs, partially offset by higher storm restoration expenses. In our stand-alone transmission segment, operating earnings were $0.13 a share compared to $0.17 a share in the third quarter of last year. Rate base increased more than 10% year-over-year as a result of our transmission investment program, but this was offset by the dilution from the 30% interest sale of FirstEnergy Transmission to Brookfield, which closed in March of this year. When adjusted for this transaction, results increased $0.02 a share for the quarter. Finally, in our Corporate segment, we've reported a third quarter loss of $0.04 a share versus earnings of $0.06 a share in Q3 of last year, a difference of $0.10 a share. The largest drivers were the absence of a state tax benefit recognized in 2023 that resulted in a 10% consolidated effective tax rate as well as lower planned earnings from Signal Peak. These were partially offset by lower interest expense from a decrease in average total debt outstanding at FE Corp., a reduction from $6.9 billion in the third quarter of 2023 to $6.1 billion in the third quarter of 2024. Turning to our year-to-date results. I'll remind you that in the second quarter, we took charges for the resolution of the OOCIC and SEC investigations. Those settlements were completed during the third quarter as we work to move beyond legacy House Bill 6 matters. Year-to-date operating earnings primarily reflect new base rates in our Integrated business, growth from formula rate investment programs and stronger customer demand compared to last year, although weather-related sales are still below normal on a year-to-date basis. These were partially offset by higher planned operating and storm restoration expenses, the impact related to the FET transaction and lower planned Signal Peak earnings among other drivers. And as Brian mentioned, we narrowed our guidance for the year from $2.61 to $2.81 a share to $2.61 to $2.71 million per share, reflecting a midpoint of $2.66 per share versus our original midpoint of $2.71 a share. This reflects a series of unique items in the year and Q3 that impacted our guidance. Residential demand is down 2% year-to-date versus plan, reflecting the impact of mild weather from this winter, although we did see some of that turnaround in Q2. The impact of the Ohio ESP V, which reduced DCR revenue relative to our guidance by $50 million annually beginning June 1st of this year. And although we have captured O&M reductions to address these challenges, the increased storm restoration O&M expenses in Q3 required us to adjust the midpoint of our guidance. More detail on our third quarter and year-to-date results can be found in the strategic and financial highlights document we posted to our IR website yesterday afternoon. Turning to regulatory matters. As Brian mentioned, in Pennsylvania, we filed our settlement on the base rate case and the ALJ recommended the Pennsylvania Commission approved the settlement. We view this settlement as constructive and supportive of our investment strategy. The agreement, which includes an increase in net revenues of $225 million, supports investments to strengthen the grid and service reliability, while enhancing assistance programs and the customer experience. It also provides for an enhanced vegetation management program to improve reliability metrics. The settlement was based on a 2025 projected rate base of $7 billion in related cost of service, the difference between our original request of approximately $500 million and the $225 million in the settlement mostly relates to proposed future expenses, such as accelerated storm cost recovery and higher depreciation expenses, which will now not be incurred. The revenue adjustment represents a 4.7% rate increase for residential customers and our residential rates remain 2% below the average of our end-state peers. To stabilize electric bills, the settlement includes a stay-out provision for new rates until January 1, 2027, which is consistent with our plan. This settlement once approved would result in four constructive outcomes in base rate cases over a 14-month period. These cases provide annual revenue adjustments of nearly $450 million, allowing our regulated utilities to increase investments to better serve our customers. In Ohio, Brian mentioned that the decision to withdraw our Ohio ESP V. The objective is to avoid the uncertainty in ESP V with respect to certain conditions, work to get clarity on key rider provisions and ensure that rider programs are addressed in the appropriate form of an ESP. The Ohio political charitable spending audit was also completed in the quarter with no new House Bill 6 related findings. The audit report concluded that approximately $15,000 was charged to pole attachment customers. And the reported knowledges that we already agreed to refund this amount with interest. Additionally, hearings were held in the corporate separation audit earlier this month. In New Jersey, as Brian mentioned, we expect the final order this week in our energy efficiency and conservation program for January 2025 through June 2027 that addresses energy efficiency, peak demand reduction and building decarbonization. The $817 million total program includes $784 million of investments that will earn a return on equity of 9.6% and an equity ratio of 52% and be recovered over 10 years. Looking at economic and load activity in our region, economic trends remain positive, including GDP growth in all five states and an unemployment rate in line with the U.S. average. Customer demand remains positive overall. We're seeing weather-adjusted load growth of about 1% over the last 12 months, while residential and commercial load are essentially flat, industrial demand increased approximately 3% led by the chemical and automotive sectors with growth of 7% and 4%, respectively. Turning to our liquidity position and financing plan. On October 24th, we enhanced the company's overall liquidity position by increasing JCP&L's credit facility by $250 million to accommodate its increasing investment programs and extended the maturity date on all eight liquidity facilities by one year. Moving forward, FirstEnergy and its subsidiaries have $5.9 billion of committed liquidity to support growth. As of October 28th, FirstEnergy's total liquidity, including cash on hand was approximately $6 billion. So far in 2024, we've completed four long-term debt transactions at our regulated operating companies totaling $1.4 billion at a weighted average coupon of 5.1%. In early September, as part of our strategic financing plan, FET launched an $800 million debt transaction in a private offering with SEC registration rights. We priced the senior unsecured notes in two tranches at a weighted average coupon of 4.78%. This transaction, which will be used to redeem $600 million of FET notes, resulted in greater transparency and broadening the investor audience with the deal being 10x oversubscribed. JCP&L is considering a similar structured transaction. And finally, earlier this month, recognizing our progress on legacy issues, our improved credit profile and constructive regulatory outcomes, Fitch upgraded FE Corp.'s issuer and unsecured credit ratings to BBB flat from BBB- and several subsidiaries received a one-notch upgrade. FE Corp. and certain subsidiaries remain on positive outlook with S&P. 2024 has been an exciting year marking several important milestones in our transformation. We believe we are in a very good position with the financial strength and opportunity to build on our momentum and become a premier electric company that delivers value to our customers, communities and investors. With that, let's open the call to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey guys. Good morning.
Brian Tierney: Good morning, Shar.
Shahriar Pourreza: Brian last week, you guys filed in the PJM load committee indicating kind of load increases of 4 gigs and seeing 3 gigs in APS zones. Those slides that you guys submitted indicated some customers are over 700 megawatts with one being 1.2 gigs in Ohio and some similar trends in Pennsylvania with one customer being a gigawatt. I guess how real are these projects? Is the spend incremental, and could any of these kind of correlate with co-located deals with certain nuclear assets in the area? I guess some color there would be great. Thanks.
Brian Tierney: Thanks for the question, Shar. We are definitely seeing an increase in these large load requests for conceptual and specific design load studies. In 2024, we've had over 60 requests for either conceptual or detailed load studies of 500 megawatts or more. And so we think it's real. These people are talking to us about specific locations, specific investment plans. As you know, we have a number of places where we previously had our own power plants and where there are other industrial centers, places like aluminum smelters that have shut down, where we have transmission capacity to serve large customers at this scale. So we think our -- we have the transmission capacity. People are looking to us. There's land available. And we believe it's real from the discussions that we're having with these folks. Some of these things are public. You've seen in places like the panhandle of Maryland. You've heard about things like quantum loophole there, which is a very, very large load, and it's meant to be expansive capacity relative to the Northern Virginia data load center campuses. And we're seeing other interest in what they call the panhandle of West Virginia, which is just across the border from Maryland there and then along the lake and the Ohio River Valley. So it's real, it's coming. The conversations we're having with people are detailed about when and where they're going to be investing on our system, and we look forward to serving those customers as they come online.
Shahriar Pourreza: Can you confirm, Brian, if any of the ones that are over a gigawatt because it just meant is customer one, customer two. Are they data centers?
Brian Tierney: I would say yes, they are.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. Perfect. And then just lastly on ESP V withdrawal, can you maybe just dig into kind of the financial impacts from reverting back to ESP IV. And does vetting through ESP VI, while in the GRC kind of complicated things just given the number of unrelated moving pieces in the current GRC filing like goodwill treatment? I mean this is kind of the first time in a while, the PCO is looking at all the riders. It's a lot to juggle. So maybe just some sense there. Thanks.
Brian Tierney: Yes. So thanks for the question, Shar. The financial implications of the withdraw of ESP V are not significant. It's really more of a risk play. It's the idea that certain of the riders didn't -- that are covered -- should be covered in ESP V were punted to the general rate case, so we didn't know what their treatment would be beyond that. And this really allows us the opportunity to time the alignment of ESP VI now with when the general rate case will come out. We've talked to our people and rates about this and said, does this complicate things in the general rate case. And the answer we got was this actually simplifies the general rate case and puts the riders where they appropriately belong in ESP VI. This is not -- this is something we are hoping to avoid on rehearing. And then an order out of the Ohio Supreme Court really withdrew the opportunity to address these in rehearing, and that really tipped our hand. But it's much more of a risk reduction play rather than a financial play around ESP IV versus ESP V or VI.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. That's perfect, Brian. That's super helpful. I'll see you guys in about a week. Thanks.
Brian Tierney: Thanks, Shar.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nick Campanella with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Campanella: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions.
Brian Tierney: Good morning, Nick.
Nick Campanella: Good morning. Just a quick follow-up on Shar's question just to tie that one off. Just the large load requests, how much capacity is on your transmission system today to facilitate those requests? And then separately, but somewhat related just with these large loads, potentially things still targeting for behind the meter and you're kind of flagging the higher bills in PJM. How should we kind of think about like an 11% to 19% increase against like a 6% distribution rate base growth outlook? Can you still kind of execute on that against that build outlook? Thank you.
Brian Tierney: Thank you for the question. First, on the capacity that we have, we think we have several thousand megawatts of transmission capacity to be able to serve data center and other loads. And like I said earlier, it's mostly associated with transmission capacity that was used for either power plants that are no longer operating or large industrial customers that have moved on to other places. So we think we have a significant amount of unused capacity that's available to be consumed by data center or other large loads. And I just want to remind people that that's actually good for existing customers, right? We're taking that existing capacity and spreading it over more units for more customers, and that's a rate positive for existing customers as they're consuming unused capacity. In terms of the rate impacts of capacity auctions and the like, those capacity auctions take up headroom and cost our customers real dollars. And the thing that we're concerned about there is that are they actually getting increased capacity and enhanced reliability for the dollars that they're spending in 2025 and '26. People talk about sending price signals. We're not sure that these price signals are in the near term or long-term going to result in incremental net new capacity. And so we're concerned about that. We're talking to legislators, regulators, customers about solutions that would actually add net new capacity at reasonable costs and are looking to be positively engaged in discussions to bring that about. So we don't think today that the costs that are being passed on are going to impair our ability to get regulatory recovery for the investments that we're making, but think that we as well as others need to be prudent with every dollar that we're asking our customers to spend for electric service.
Nick Campanella: Yes, that makes a lot of sense, and I appreciate your comments there. Quick question, just good to see the Pennsylvania settlement filed in September, and I know we'll have that order in December. But you are showing like a 2.5% earned ROE in Pennsylvania and every $0.07 is for 100 bps improvement and ROE does seem like it would be material. Just should you get back to a regular return here in '25? Is that the way to kind of think about this? Or are you still going to be lagging?
Jon Taylor: Hey, Nick, this is Jon. So that 2.5% was based on the filing that we made in the application. So requesting the $500 million net revenue adjustment. So that included a lot of proposed expenses to support that rate increase. Now that we have the settlement in place, we'll be at a much more normalized level in terms of the return there.
Nick Campanella: Okay, thanks for that clarification. Have a good day.
Jon Taylor: Thanks, Nick.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
David Arcaro: Hi, thanks. Good morning.
Jon Taylor: Good morning, David.
David Arcaro: Wondering if you might be able to elaborate on some of those options that you mentioned you're discussing in terms of getting more generation built in PJM.
Brian Tierney: Yes. So I think that there are some solutions that could be outside of a PJM capacity auction construct that might bring certainty of net new capacity coming on board relative to the sending of price signals that we hope will result in incremental capacity coming on. And I think there are market constructs that -- or there are constructs that we've seen out there that have worked, things like NIPA, NYSERDA, where you have state agencies that run auctions to bring in certain types of capacity. I could see that being effective in places like Ohio, Pennsylvania, Maryland and others, where a state agency could ask all comers to bid on net new capacity in a given year of a certain type, I'd say, dispatchable generation in a year like 2030, 2031 of a combined cycle nature and allow everyone to bid on delivering that. IPPs could, investment companies could, utility companies could. And you'd be certain through a contract and certain design milestones that you would know that, that net new capacity was going to be delivered in that state. And I think it's just solutions like that rather than sending price signals you hope will be effective, actually have real auctions with real counterparties with real milestones. So you'll know that, that capacity will be there when the state needs it.
David Arcaro: Got it. Got it. That's helpful. And then I guess, as you look out at all these load requests, out over the next several years. Just wondering what your thoughts are in terms of looking at your own load forecast. When might you reassess and give a new longer-term outlook in terms of what you're expecting for low growth?
Jon Taylor: Yes, Dave. So I think the current plan right now is to provide that update early next year, likely on the fourth quarter call as we update the longer-term plan. So I think the plan is to give 2025 guidance as well as a 2025 to 2029 CapEx and long-term growth rate plan sometime -- yes, on the fourth quarter call.
David Arcaro: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Jon Taylor: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Steve Fleishman: Yes, excuse me. Good morning. Thanks.
Jon Taylor: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Yes. So I know there's been some challenges this year, but just the -- I just wanted to clarify, you reaffirmed the 6% to 8% growth off basically last year's midpoint? Is that...
Brian Tierney: That's right.
Jon Taylor: So the way to think about it, the $271 million was based off last year's midpoint of $254 million. Our growth going forward is going to be based off the $271 million.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. So you're not going to -- right, you're not going to go down to this lower half.
Jon Taylor: Right.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Good. And then just for '25 specifically, just as you -- on the one hand, you have to manage this period with the -- going back to the prior ESP, but you do get the DCR back. But then on the other hand, you get Pennsylvania rate relief. So is '25 kind of okay to be within that 6% to 8% growth rate?
Jon Taylor: Yes, absolutely. I mean if you think about the Pennsylvania rate case, you think about our CapEx plan in terms of the amount that's formula rate driven plus the financial discipline that we need to create in the organization, we feel really good about our plan for next year.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Good. And then maybe, Brian, back to the prior question about Generation Solutions. The idea you mentioned of like state agency and the like. In the key -- in your key states, would those require a legislation? Or would they be feasible without a build?
Brian Tierney: I think solutions like what I described where you'd have a state agency would definitely require legislative action. Things like utility builds in and of themselves would not necessarily include legislation changes in West Virginia, Maryland and Ohio, but would require legislative changes in Pennsylvania and New Jersey. We are not interested in building competitive generation. If a state would like us to when we'd come to an agreement, we would consider adding long-term regulated generation if that was in the state's interest to do that. But I think we'd get a lot of opposition from places like IPPs and others. If they would like to commit to build in something that looks like a state auction, I think that would be a way to have all comers bring their solutions to the problems that the states are facing and might be less likely to have strong opposition from others in the IPP camp.
Steve Fleishman: Got it, thank you.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lonegan with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael Lonegan: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. So you have no equity in your financing plan beyond the employee benefit program. Just you're highlighting a lot of incremental investment opportunity. How should we think about financing that additional spending, what portion do you see that needed to be funded with new equity?
Jon Taylor: Yes. So Michael, I mean, we talked about before, we have some cushion in the metrics that would equate to about 5% of additional CapEx to the $26 billion. And if you look at some of the transmission opportunities that we're pursuing, depending on the different types of solutions, some of that might even fall outside of our current planning window and would be in '29 and beyond. And a lot of that, quite frankly, is going to be at the FET business, which would be obviously a 50% ownership with Brookfield. So based on everything we know right now, we're comfortable with our current plan.
Michael Lonegan: Great, thanks. And then secondly, so you just talked about some cushion in your metrics, you obviously increased your 2024 capital program and had higher storm costs during the quarter. Where do you expect to end this year on FFO to debt versus the targeted 14% to 15%?
Jon Taylor: Yes. So this year, we'll probably be just under 13%, and a lot of that was impacted by the SEC and OOCIC payment as well as that unusual storm event we saw in Cleveland back in August. I mean, those two events alone were about $200 million of FFO. So if you were to strip that out and normalize that, I think we'd be closer to 14%.
Michael Lonegan: Thanks for taking my questions.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your questions.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, good morning. If I could follow-up on the storm question. I think you said some of the costs didn't meet a regulatory threshold for recovery or, I guess, maybe for capitalization. Does that change how you'd respond to storms going forward or anything the utility could do to maybe get a rider or something that prevents that from happening again?
Brian Tierney: So would never change how we respond to storms, Anthony. We are going to work with dispatch and with all haste to return our customers who are not out of service due to storm activity. And restoring customers to serve as safely and as quickly as possible will always be a key priority for us. We will always, at the same time work with regulators and others to make sure that we get timely recovery for what we spend on storms. I don't think people would like us to even consider and we won't, how much it costs to get people back as quickly as we can, but we should also have some comfort and certainty that we'll get timely recovery for what we prudently incur restoring people to service. So I think there's a balance there. I think regulators want us to spend what we need to, to prudently get people back to service, not wasting any dollars at all, but to be thoughtful about the dollars we spend and to have a comfort that we'll get recovery for everything we prudently spend. It's been a remarkable year for storms, and it's not just us. I think you're seeing it with other utilities across the country. And I see things like mutual assistance and how they actually happen. It was fascinating the August 6 storm that we had in the Cleveland area, right? It was such a localized event that it basically hit only us in the Cleveland area and Cleveland Public Power. And our neighbors, right, my friends at AEP, our friends at DT&E, PP&L and others who are neighboring us offered resources immediately and they are on the ground the next day helping us get people restored. It was a privilege for us then to be able to return those favors during the hurricane events that we had. And our people were interested to go, willing to go, happy to go, help in those circumstances that our employees tell me where absolute dire circumstances for the communities that they helped restore to service. So we're going to spend what we need to prudently to get people back, and we think it's fair that we have comfort and certainty that we'll get recovery for what we do spend returning people.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And lastly, when you unveiled a 6% to 8% growth rate and capital plan, I think you had said some of the updates today. I think your capital plan is roughly 7% higher than you originally thought. Does that change where you think you would land in the 6% to 8% EPS growth rate? Should we think of now you're trending more towards the higher end as you increased your CapEx by 7%?
Brian Tierney: So Anthony, that increase of CapEx for 7% was 2024 over originally budgeted. The plan that we laid out previously, the $26 billion five-year CapEx plan really gives us about 9% of rate base growth on average over that period, and that's what drives the 6% to 8% growth. So we're still within that range. It's still being driven by our investment in our regulated properties and timely regulatory recovery of that. And remember, a significant percentage about 70% of the investments that we make are covered by trackers and riders.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. If I could just squeak one in. I guess to Steve's question or David's question, you talked about solutions and options maybe to add generation at reasonable cost. You mentioned some state agencies here in New York. I'm just curious what do you think the timing is on a solution? Like how long do you think customer bills are impacted by these capacity charges before like the state or the government will act to mitigate it?
Brian Tierney: Yes. So that's the concern, Anthony, is the disconnect between the timing of adding significant amounts of load, whether it be data center or other, load that you can really add to the system in about two to three years and to construct, to permit, construct and procure for a power plant probably takes in the order of about six years. So are our customers going to pay higher capacity auction prints for the next six years before any net new capacity shows up from the price signals that are being sent to this market? It's a concern. And I think states would do better to take these matters into their own hands, the way traditional IRP states do like West Virginia, and be sure that the capacity is there when the state needs it, rather than hoping price signals have the intended effect six years from now.
Anthony Crowdell: Great, thanks for taking my questions.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Anthony.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So just wanted to follow-up on those last comments about the six-year wait. I mean that's how long it would take to build a new power plant anyway, right? So how different would it be versus some intervention in the competitive power market? Also, I don't recall you guys have been making the opposite comment when capacity prices were clearing at $30. I don't remember you guys mentioning that you're concerned about how these low capacity prices will impact the availability of dispatchable power plants in PJM?
Brian Tierney: Well, I don't -- to your last comment, I'm not sure that was a question, but -- to your -- the first part of your comments, it does take about six years to permit and build a power plant from the time that you can see of doing that. The difference for an actual auction where you are contracting with someone to do that is you can monitor their permitting, procurement and construction during those six years, versus the PJM capacity construct where you're hoping that people respond in a way you would like them to today to have a result six years from now. So it's a difference between contracting, monitoring and verification versus hope. And those are two different things entirely.
Angie Storozynski: Right. But that one is a regulated set up, but the other one is a competitive bond market. I mean that's basically how it works, no?
Brian Tierney: No, that's not right. What I'm talking about is a construct that is a market where you do have an auction, where a state would have an auction, say, all comers, IPPs, utilities, investment companies, insurance companies, can come and offer to build what would you charge me to do it, what would your price be. And then we would have -- and you'd have a winner from that auction. So it would be a market. And you would go from there. And yes, so both our markets is what I'm saying, and both are market solutions.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Understand. Then secondly, so you're talking about the transmission capacity in Ohio. But when I actually look at the power flows in PJM, Ohio is an importer of power from Pennsylvania, especially, I think, your area. So now Pennsylvania wants to clearly build up demand for electricity in it states that would seemingly limit the flows of power into Ohio. So is that fair to add load in Ohio, given the fact that the state already relies on imports of power?
Brian Tierney: Yes. So when I talk about capacity, I'm talking about transmission capacity. So we have the wires capacity to be able to serve load. We are in a regional power pool where there are power flows from states who are long, the states who are short, and that's currently handled generally through the PJM power markets. What's needed because of this situation that we find ourselves in with resource adequacy, we do need, as a region, and then as you divide that out in the states, we need net new dispatchable capacity to be added. And whatever construct enables us surety around that happening at a reasonable cost to our customers, we're in support of.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then changing topics about the withdrawal of ESP V in Ohio. So now -- I mean, I understand that it was not optimal to say the least. But now basically, the entire 2025, we will be waiting for to have a visibility into earnings power -- your earnings power in Ohio. And I mean, I don't quite understand how that helps to add visibility. I mean it almost as if we have now two rate proceedings. So isn't this doubling down on the regulatory risk associated with Ohio?
Brian Tierney: No, Angie, really the opposite. We're going back to the certainty and transparency that we had in ESP IV that we knew what our earnings power was there. We knew the timing of it. And this actually better aligns the result of an ESP VI that we're going to file with the Ohio base rate case. So rather than creating uncertainty, it actually will bring more certainty and actually reduce risk.
Angie Storozynski: Okay, thank you. Bye-bye.
Brian Tierney: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Thanks. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your questions.
Paul Patterson: Hey, good morning.
Brian Tierney: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson: So just back to the capacity alternatives that you were mentioning. I think with Steve's question, you mentioned the ability of doing perhaps something in rate base, if I heard you correctly, in West Virginia, Maryland and Ohio. Was that correct?
Brian Tierney: So in West Virginia, certainly. And in Ohio and Maryland, there are provisions and current law that would allow a regulated utility to build generating capacity and get recovery for it.
Paul Patterson: So -- and I heard everything you've said and a lot of it makes a lot of sense, obviously, considering what's going on with the capacity markets. But when I think about this, just you guys building modest levels of capacity, it could have a dramatic impact on the capacity market, so to speak, given the vertical demand curve and what have you at Q3 and others have said. And I'm just wondering, it would seem to me that would it just be sort of a modest or a reasonable cost to customers, it would actually maybe perhaps lower cost to customers, if you were to take into account the wholesale market impact. So I guess what I'm wondering is that seems like something -- given what Maryland and Ohio and Pennsylvania and New Jersey -- all these, these consumers already been voiced about the capacity market. What's your sense about the appetite or simply just going forward with that as opposed to a rather more arcane, I don't know how to put it, the stakeholder process, the FERC process of going through the PJM capacity market stakeholder process, if you follow what I'm saying? Do you see almost more -- a lot more efficient maybe just to go that way?
Brian Tierney: I do, Paul. So this company just spent a lot of time and balance sheet capacity getting out of the generation business and moving into a deregulated wires-only stance. We're going to be very thoughtful about returning to investments in generation in states where we just got out of it at many of their -- being responsive to many of their energy policies that got us here. We're going to be thoughtful and try and come up with solutions that don't add undue capacity to -- undue risk to the company, but help solve the solution. So we're open to a number of solutions. The one we're not open to is going into the competitive generation business.
Paul Patterson: Generation business, Okay. Fair enough, I guess, stay tuned, I guess, right? Okay. And so then just finally, just a follow-up on the approval process for withdrawing this ESP V and what have you, -- it sounds like you need something from FERC -- I'm sorry, from PUCO on this. But it seems like -- is that a -- do you see that as being -- it doesn't look that controversial to me from the outside, but could I be missing something?
Brian Tierney: It should not be controversial, Paul. It's something that we've seen it happen before with other in-state peers and in getting that approval took about a month from the time that they ask for it. So you're just going back to a construct that everyone was comfortable with previously. And obviously, we can't put our own rates into effect so we need to go through the regulatory process, but it should be a brief process, and it should not be controversial.
Paul Patterson: Awesome, thanks so much.
Brian Tierney: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sophie Karp with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Sophie Karp: Hi, thank you for squeezing me in here, Dan. Just wanted a quick follow-up on the discussion about the potential changes in the market construct, right, that you're talking about. Given that there are several states that you mentioned, right, with these power flows between them New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Ohio, would those states have to act simultaneously in this new design of the market to avoid one state cross subsidizing effectively another with the rate there's money from the state? Or how would that work? Thank you.
Brian Tierney: Thank you for your question, Sophie. I don't think so. According to the Federal Power Act, each state is responsible for making sure that it has the amount of generation that's needed to serve its state's needs. States like West Virginia do that through a traditional IRP process and other states do that through a PJM solution using the capacity construct that PJM has. So having signed on to that construct, that's what many of the states are using. If they think that's working for them and their customers, they can stick with that. If they'd like to take matters into their own hands more directly, they can avail themselves of some of the alternative solutions that we suggested. But no, they could act on their own and many states have done that already even in PJM.
Sophie Karp: Got it. Got it. And just to clarify, are you saying that even though the states deregulated market utility is allowed to own generation in the states in the current legal framework?
Brian Tierney: Yes. And again, Sophie, those are issues that are driven by state law. And in our states, State of West Virginia, Ohio and Maryland, the states do allow for utility-owned generation.
Sophie Karp: All right. Thank you so much.
Brian Tierney: Thank you for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Weisel: Hi, thanks everyone. Good morning. I'll be brief here. Just quickly on the CapEx increase for 2024, specifically what drove the increase? What kind of spending was it? And was it a pull-forward for 2025? Or were these incremental opportunities that you didn't anticipate six or 12 months ago?
Jon Taylor: Yes. So some of the increase, Andrew, was storm related. So in our distribution business, specifically in Ohio, they had the big storm in August. So some of it was storm CapEx related. There was some LTIP work in Pennsylvania that we needed to fund as well in our distribution segment. And then the rest of it was what I would consider transmission opportunities, incremental opportunities for this year. So the $26 billion is still intact. I mean -- but I don't think it's going to take us off track in terms of the CapEx that we plan for next year.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. And then just a quick follow-up. You mentioned, Jon, that you're going to do a refresh and roll forward on the fourth quarter call early next year. Do you have a sense in terms of timing around the PJM transmission opportunities? Will you have a sense about potential wins there? Or would you make assumptions around that?
Jon Taylor: Yes, we'll have a pretty good sense by that time. I think there are several advisory committee meetings between now and then with the final PJM Board approval expected in the February time frame. So we'll have a good sense of that. And if we don't have final approval, we'll kind of let you know where we stand and what we have in the plan and what maybe is to come depending on the outcome of that.
Andrew Weisel: Very good, thank you.
Jon Taylor: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Fremont: Thank you very much. I was going to ask if you could walk us through the procedural path to withdraw ESP V at the PUCO. Does -- will it involve testimony and hearings? What's involved in terms of getting PUCO approval?
Jon Taylor: Yes. So Paul, we have precedent where there was a case in 2019. The application was filed. There were comments filed amongst different intervening parties. There were no hearings in that particular case, and then there was a commission order on the application to withdrawal within a month. So that's kind of the time line that we're working on. So my sense is there would be comments filed on the withdrawal application, the commission then would consider those comments and then rule on the withdrawal sometime within 30 days based on that precedent.
Paul Fremont: And the precedent that you're talking about was the application to withdraw contested by intervener parties? Or was it widely accepted by intervener parties?
Jon Taylor: I'm sure it was mixed. I mean, there was probably some that objected to the withdrawal. There was probably some that supported the withdrawal. But I'm sure just like any regulatory proceeding, there was some that objected, some that are supported.
Brian Tierney: The ability to withdraw is codified in Ohio legislation. So it's there. It's a real thing. It's been tested before and actually administered and executed by a utility previously and approved by the commission. So there's precedent for doing exactly what it is we're asking to do.
Paul Fremont: Great. And last question, what type of proceeding was it that you're referring to in 2019? You are seeing or?
Brian Tierney: You can put up. It was Dayton Power & Light in their ESP -- in their current ESP, and you can pull up the docket, I'm sure, on the Utility Commission website.
Paul Fremont: Perfect, thank you so much.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference webcast. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications. Please go ahead, Irene.
Irene Prezelj: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to FirstEnergy's second quarter 2024 earnings review. Our President and Chief Executive Officer, Brian Tierney, will lead our call today, and he will be joined by Jon Taylor, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release, presentation slides and related financial information are available on our website at firstenergycorp.com. Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause our results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements can be found in our SEC filings. The appendix of today's presentation includes supplemental information along with the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures. Now, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Irene. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in FirstEnergy. Today, I will review our financial performance and highlights for the second quarter as well as our progress executing business plan. I will also provide updates on recent regulatory and legacy issue developments, discuss trends we are seeing in the industry and review the value proposition we offer our shareholders. Looking at our second quarter results, GAAP earnings were $0.08 per share in the second quarter of 2024, compared to $0.41 per share last year. We recorded a number of special items that impacted second quarter GAAP results, which Jon will address in a few minutes. Operating earnings for the quarter were $0.56 per share versus $0.47 per share last year, an increase of 19%, positively impacting second quarter operating earnings were rate adjustments and associated investments to better serve our customers. Customer demand was also a positive impact for the quarter with weather adjusted residential and commercial sales up 4% and 7%, respectively. These positive impacts were partially offset by higher planned operations and maintenance expenses and expected dilution from the 30% sale of FET. The items driving growth for the quarter point to the expected trend of improving utility earnings quality. Our capital investments to improve the customer experience increased 22% for the first six months of the year. This is reflective of our improved balance sheet that enables our Energized365 capital plan. We are executing well in 2024 and are on track to achieve the goals we've outlined. Today, we are reaffirming our 2024 operating earnings guidance range of $2.61 per share to $2.81 per share. We are reaffirming our 2024 CapEx plan of $4.3 billion versus $3.7 billion in 2023, and we are reaffirming our 6% to 8% long-term annual operating earnings growth rate. June 1st marked my one-year anniversary with FirstEnergy. Our employees have made a significant amount of progress in the last year, positioning the company for success. From an operations standpoint, we have organized FirstEnergy into four new segments, representing our five major businesses. We have restructured the company into a strong operating company model and recruited external and promoted internal executives to lead these businesses. These changes put leadership, responsibility and decision-making closer to the customer. We are investing in our people by engaging with our unions to enact mid-cycle pay adjustments to help ensure we are paying competitive wages to our representative workforce. We started an effort to hire journey level line workers to better serve our customers, and we are forming a new apprenticeship program to further support a skilled and well-trained workforce to serve our customers going forward. Regarding capital investment, we initiated our new five-year $26 billion capital investment program, Energize365 to enable the energy transition and improve reliability and the customer experience. Energize365 represents a 44% increase in investment over our previous five-year plan. On the regulatory front, we concluded constructive regulatory engagements in Maryland, New Jersey and West Virginia, representing 35% of FirstEnergy's rate base. In Ohio, we currently have three traditional rate proceedings in flight. We received a constructive order in May for our ESP V case, but one that left a number of unresolved issues. We have asked for rehearing on those issues and are seeking to obtain more clarity during this phase. We filed a partial settlement agreement in our Grid Mod II case in April, focused on deploying automated meters for all of our customers. Hearings concluded on this non-controversial issue on July 2, and we are anticipating an order in the fourth quarter. We filed our base rate case in late May, requesting a 10.8% ROE and an average equity ratio of approximately 55%. We will be updating that filing today to reflect changes from the ESP V order and other updates. We expect this case to continue well into 2025. In Pennsylvania, we filed a base rate case in early April, requesting a $502 million rate adjustment including an 11.3% ROE and an equity ratio of 53.8%. As is customary in Pennsylvania, we will engage with intervening parties in an effort to reach a settlement prior to the scheduled hearings in mid-August. New rates are expected to be effective January 1, 2025. Also in Pennsylvania, we filed our long-term Infrastructure Investment Plan 3 on July 22. This five-year plan will result in approximately $1.6 billion in investments to support enhanced reliability. The proposed LTIP 3 is about twice the investment of prior plan and demonstrates our ability to invest our strong balance sheet for the benefit of our customers. Finally, in New Jersey, we are currently in settlement discussions for Energize New Jersey plan, which was filed in November and updated in February. This is a $935 million plan designed to upgrade Jersey Central Power & Light Electric Grid infrastructure, using modern technology and smart devices to help reduce the size and duration of outages. We are currently in settlement discussions and hope to reach a constructive outcome. From a financial standpoint, the strides FirstEnergy made over the past year to improve its balance sheet were nothing short of remarkable. On March 25, the company closed its transaction to sell 30% of FET. This was the final transaction of a multiyear $7 billion equity raise that has transformed future prospects of the company. On July 17, the company received the last $1.2 billion of the $3.5 billion sale. This cash has been used to pay down short- and long-term debt and reequitize our operating companies. Rating agencies have taken notice with all three rating FirstEnergy Corp.'s senior unsecured rating as investment grade and S&P and Fitch retaining positive outlooks. Last week, S&P increased FET's senior unsecured rating from BBB- to BBB+ and retained its positive outlook. This two-notch upgrade reflects FET's enhancements in liquidity, governance and cash management practices and places FET's senior unsecured credit rating at or above the rings of our fully regulated utilities. This significantly strengthened balance sheet represents a major transformation for FirstEnergy, as well as a significant differentiator from many of our peers. It is on the basis this balance sheet that we were able to introduce Energize365 and make the investments needed to enable the energy transition and improve reliability and the customer experience. Many of our peers still have to raise significant amount have of equity to continue to grow or we'll have to issue large debt volumes higher rates. FirstEnergy does not have to do either. The balance sheet component of our transformation is complete. We are now focused on executing our operating and regulatory plans for the benefit of our customers. Turning to Slide 9, let's talk about data centers. We are getting a fair number of load study requests from data center developers across our service area. Large load studies for this type of development have more than doubled from last year. We are fortunate that in much of our service territory, we have excess transmission capacity to serve this and other economic development priorities. This capacity comes from previous manufacturing processing and generating facilities. We are also participating in the PJM open windows related to data center and other load growth. We were successful last year in the Window 3 RTEP solicitation process, and we'll be submitting proposals for the current one. Generation resource adequacy has become a very hot topic over the past year. It appears that load growth and baseload generating retirements could outpace dispatchable generating resource additions. You know in four of our five states, we are wires-only utilities. We are working with customers, states and other interested parties to help ensure there is adequate capacity to meet growing load and enable the energy transition. Finally, regarding potential retail tariff changes, we are reviewing our current tariffs and think there is enough flexibility to us to negotiate terms for us to serve new loads and at the same time, maintain existing customer protections. We need to be able to serve all loads affordably. If we find the need for future tariff adjustments, we will file them on a state-by-state basis. During the second quarter, we made significant progress resolving legacy issues. On July 21st, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Ohio, filed a status report confirming that FirstEnergy successfully completed the obligations, it was required to perform for a three-year period under the deferred prosecution agreement, including remediation measures and the implementation of a compliance and ethics program. As a result, the report requirements related to those obligations have ended. As provided under the DPA, we will continue to fully cooperate with the DOJ on other outstanding matters, and we will continue other reporting obligations. This was an important step as we put the past behind us and move forward as a stronger company with the robust culture of ethics, integrity and compliance. We have reached an agreement in principle with the SEC staff subject to the approval of commission which would settle the SEC security claims against FirstEnergy. The proposed settlement is based on the fact set forth in DPA. We have recorded a reserve of $100 million for this settlement. Similarly, we are in the final stages of a resolution with the Ohio Organized Crime Investigations Commission. The resolution is expected to include a non-prosecution agreement based on the facts and the DPA and is expected to resolve the Ohio Attorney General Civil Case against FirstEnergy. We have recorded a reserve of $19.5 million in anticipation resolving both Ohio matters. The three docketed cases related to these legacy issues continue to move forward at the PUCO. An audit report is due on August 28 on the political and charitable spending review. Discovery continues and hearing is scheduled for October 9 on the corporate separation review. Discovery is ongoing with a here scheduled for February 3 on the Rider DMR/DCR audit. We continue to cooperate in these audits and appreciate that these cases are the appropriate form for a review of this activity and not our business as usual rate cases. Let's take a moment to review FirstEnergy's value proposition to shareholders. Our 6% to 8% operating earnings growth rate is predicated on an average annual growth in rate base of 9%. Our ability to invest in our system for the benefit of our customers as enabled by strong balance sheet. We have the need, opportunity and means to make the necessary investments to enable the energy transition and improve reliability and the customer experience. FirstEnergy has an attractive low-risk profile that supports solid BBB credit metrics. We are targeting a 14% to 15% FFO to debt profile over the horizon and do not anticipate incremental equity needs for our Energize365 investment plan beyond our employee benefit programs. The increase of traditional utility earnings means that our earnings quality has improved and our customer affordability is expected to remain strong for the foreseeable future. Our long-term annual operating earnings growth rate combined with our dividend, represent a total shareholder return proposition of 10% to 12%. We have made significant progress on strengthening our balance sheet, restructuring our business putting legacy issues behind us and focusing on our operational, regulatory financial plans. The men and women of FirstEnergy are singularly focused on that execution and serving our customers. Before I turn the call over to Jon, I would like to mark 2 significant management transitions for FirstEnergy. Two executives have recently notified me of their decision to retire after many years of service to the company. Chris Walker, our Chief Human Resources Officer, will be retiring with nearly 39 years of service. I would like to thank Chris personally for all she has done for me over the past year, and also thank her for her many years of dedicated service on behalf of our employees. We owe Chris ahead of gratitude and wish her well in retirement. After more than 40 years of service, Irene Prezelj has decided to retire. Many of you have gotten to know Irene, as our Head of Investor Relations and Commissions. For many years, Irene has been the face of the company to investors in the public alike. We are grateful to Irene for her leadership and dedication to serving our employees, investors, customers and the public. We wish her the best going forward. With that, I will turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Taylor: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. I also want to extend my sincere gratitude and best wishes to Chris and Irene. They have been great to work with over the years and have always been there for me and the employees of the company. I wish them every bit of happiness in their retirement. Today, I'll review our financial performance, discuss economic and customer trends and provide an update on our regulatory and financial initiatives. Let's start by reviewing the larger special items that impacted our second quarter GAAP results. These include increased asset retirement obligations recognized in connection with the planned transfer of a legacy impoundment site to a third-party and the impact from the new EPA legacy coal combustion residuals rule. Costs associated with redeeming high-cost debt using the proceeds from the FET transaction, charges connected to the anticipated resolution of the OOCIC and SEC investigations, partially offset by the receipt of insurance proceeds associated with the shareholder derivative lawsuit settlement and regulatory charges resulting from a commitment in the Ohio ESP V order. We continue to see strong execution on our Energize365 capital investment program, solid financial discipline and a culture of continuous improvement. And because of that, we delivered second quarter operating earnings of $0.56 per share, which is above the midpoint of our guidance and compares to $0.47 per share for the second quarter of 2023. The results primarily reflect new base rates in our integrated business, strong invested capital across all of our businesses and formula rate investment programs and significantly higher year-over-year customer demand. Looking at our segment results for the quarter, in our distribution business, operating earnings were $0.22 per share compared to $0.24 per share in the second quarter of last year. This reflects planned increases in operating expenses we discussed previously, partially offset by higher customer demand and rate base growth rate investment programs and a lower customer rate credit in Ohio as part of our 2021 earnings test settlement. In our Integrated segment, operating earnings were $0.21 per share versus $0.12 per share in the second quarter of last year. Results primarily reflect new base rates in Maryland, West Virginia and New Jersey that went into effect over the past 8 months. Rate base growth in distribution and transmission formula rate investment programs and the impact of higher customer demand, partially offset by a higher effective tax rate. Operating earnings in our stand-alone transmission segment were $0.14 per share compared to $0.18 per share in the second quarter of 2023. Year-over-year rate base increased more than 10% as a result of our transmission investment program, but this was offset by the dilution from the 30% interest sale of FirstEnergy Transmission LLC to Brookfield, which closed in March of this year. Finally, in our Corporate, segment losses were $0.01 per share versus $0.07 per share in the second quarter of 2023. This improvement is the result of ongoing lower financing costs from the redemption high-cost debt. More detail on our second quarter and year-to-date results can be found in the strategic and financial highlights document we posted to our IR website yesterday afternoon. Looking ahead, we are providing guidance of $0.85 $0.95 per share for the third quarter, which reflects the continued impacts of new base rates in our integrated business, continued rate base growth and higher customer demand, partially offset by a lower planned earnings contribution from Signal Peak. And as Brian mentioned earlier, we are reaffirming our 2024 guidance of $2.61 to $2.81 per share as well our long-term 6% to 8% annual operating earnings growth rate. In his remarks, Brian shared a look at the trends related to data center growth in our service territory. I want to expand on that by taking a quick look at some of the broader economic and load activity in our region. Recent trends over the past year are positive in our region, including GDP that has averaged just over 2% for the past year, and employment growth of just under 1.5% over the past 12 months. And from a customer demand perspective, we're seeing positive weather-adjusted customer demand of 1% over the last 12 months, primarily resulting from increases of 1.3% in the commercial and 1.1% in the industrial customer classes with demand in the auto and services sectors, up 14% and 7%, respectively. And so we believe we're in a great position to serve our customers and our investment program will adjust as needed to ensure capacity and reliable service. From a financing plan perspective, earlier this month, we received the remaining $1.2 billion in proceeds from the $3.5 billion, 30% FET interest sale to Brookfield. You'll recall that we received the initial proceeds of $2.3 billion when the transaction closed in March, the remaining $1.2 billion in interest-bearing notes that were extinguished with Brookfield's final payment on July 17. We're deploying those proceeds in a credit accretive manner, consistent with our plan to further transform our balance sheet and support our Energize365 grid investment program. As we've discussed, the sale completes a series of transactions over the last two and half years that resulted in nearly $7 billion in equity capital at an equivalent share price of $87 a share or 36 times trailing PE multiple. In total, these proceeds were used for over $3 billion in high-cost debt reductions at FE Corp, including the remaining $460 million of the 2031 bonds in the second quarter, nearly $2 billion in utility long-term debt redemptions and $2 billion to pay off short-term debt that would have otherwise been financed with long-term debt at our utilities. Following the closing of this transaction in March, our corporate credit rating was upgraded by Moody's and S&P, restoring it to investment grade at all three rating agencies. The credit ratings at our subsidiaries were also upgraded and this momentum continued last week as S&P further upgraded FET and its subsidiaries. Going forward, our focus is on continued execution of our plan, achieving cross-supportive regulatory outcomes, moving past legacy issues and financing our robust investment plan in a credit-supportive manner, consistent with a BBB flat credit profile. Additionally, earlier this month, we launched a request for proposal for a second pension lift-out transaction to eliminate the remaining $700 million in non-regulated pension liability. This transaction is successful would eliminate all non-regulated pension liability, further reduce pension volatility and improve the quality of earnings of the company. Recall that in December of last year, we executed the first pension lift-out transaction, removing approximately $720 million of pension liability at $0.95 on the dollar. Turning now to recent regulatory activity. In Ohio, we filed our base rate review on May 31, request was for a $94 million rate adjustment on rate base of $4.3 billion, a 10.8% proposed on equity and a 55% equity capitalization ratio based on a 2024 test year. The rate adjustment supports recovery investments in the distribution system and customer experience enhancements, while keeping rates affordable for customers. The case includes recovery of investments in Riders DCR and AMI, which includes the Grid Mod I capital investments in base rates and resetting those riders to zero. It also includes a request to change the recovery of pension costs from service cost only to total pension costs, including previously incurred actuarial losses as well as a request for pension tracking mechanism to avoid volatility in the future. And it includes recovery of other costs previously incurred, including the major storm restoration costs and a program to convert street lights LEDs. Today, the Ohio companies will file an update to the base rate case review filing with an updated rate request. The update is necessary to include the impacts addressed in the May 15 ESP V order and to update 2024 test year financial information through May 31st to reflect actual operating results. Our initial request represents an estimated overall bill impact for typical residential customers ranging from a rate decrease of 1.3% in Toledo Edison to a 3.5% increase in CEI or an average increase of 1.4% across Ohio. Also in Ohio, on May 15th, the PUCO issued an order approving our ESP V with modifications, which became effective June 1st. The order extended Rider DCR through the conclusion of the base rate case, but excluded certain investments from recovery in Rider DCR. The order also provided for recovery of vegetation management expenses for the first two years the ESP and prospective deferral of major storm expenses. While we appreciate the support for key terms of our ESP V in the near-term, the order did not provide clarity regarding these key terms of the ESP for entire five-year period. With many directed to the base rate case for resolution. We subsequently filed an application for rehearing seeking greater certainty regarding key terms as well as proposed modifications, which included shortening the ESP V term to three years, providing full recovery of investments in the DCR through the conclusion of the base rate case and other proposals that preserve the economic value of the order for customers. Earlier this month, the PUCO granted the applications for rehearing filed by all parties for the purposes of further consideration. This step gives the PUCO more time to make its final decision, there’s no statutory deadline for the decision. The summer hearings were held in our Ohio Grid Mod II settlement, and we anticipate an order during the fourth quarter. In Pennsylvania, earlier this month, we filed the third phase of our long-term infrastructure improvement plan known as LTIP III, which is part of our Energize365 investment program. LTIP III includes a total projected investments of $1.6 billion over five years, building on the projects completed in LTIP I and LTIP II, the third phase of the program supplements reliability investments and includes both grid modernization and system resiliency projects. This includes targeted investments to accelerate infrastructure improvements and help enhance service reliability for more than two million customers in the state, while remaining focused on affordability. Investments are recovered through a distribution system improvement charge, or DISC based on actual capital structure and the benchmark ROE, which is currently 9.8%. The cumulative average residential customer rate impact recovered through DISC is $2.88 or a 2% increase. Pending PUCO approval, we expect capital deployment to begin in the first quarter of 2025 with DISC revenues estimated to begin in the second quarter of 2026. Also in Pennsylvania, in mid-August, hearings will begin in our base rate review filed in April. As we discussed on quarter's call, this is a request for a $502 million rate adjustment on rate base of $7.2 billion, with an 11.3% proposed return on equity and a 53.8% equity capitalization ratio. The review built on our service liability enhancements in Pennsylvania with additional investments in a smart, modern electric grid and customer-focused programs, while keeping rates comparable to other utilities in the state. Key components include implementing a 10-year enhanced vegetation management program to reduce tree-caused outages, reduced outage restoration time and reduce future maintenance costs; recovery of costs associated with major storms, COVID-19 and LED street light conversions; changing pension recovery from average cash contributions to traditional pension expense, including previously recognized actuarial losses. The review also includes a blended federal statutory tax rate of approximately 27%, but also continues to provide customer savings from previous legislative changes to federal and state tax rates. Additionally, the application proposes a pension OPEB normalization mechanism to track and defer differences between actual and test year expense to reduce volatility from the pension. And as Brian mentioned, we are engaging with the intervening parties in an effort to reach settlement prior to the scheduled hearings in mid-August. Finally, in addition to the settlement discussions on our Energize New Jersey infrastructure improvement proposal, we are also engaged in settlement discussions for our New Jersey Energy Efficiency and Conservation Plan. This plan, which was filed with the BPU in December 2023, covers the period from January 1st, 2025, through June 30th, 2027, with a proposed budget of approximately $964 million. It consists of a portfolio of programs addressing energy efficiency, peak demand reduction, and building decarbonization with recovery of lost revenues and provides a return on the investments. The BPU suspended the procedural schedule July 1st in light of these settlement discussions. A final BPU decision and order is required no later than October 15th of this year. So, we're making good progress in 2024, we're executing well. We have a strong strategy and opportunities to continue our positive momentum and growth. Thank you for your time today, and I'll open the call to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Shar Pourreza: Hey guys. Good morning.
Brian Tierney: Good morning Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning Brian. Just a couple of quick ones here. Brian, just on the growth numbers out there, obviously, you're highlighting the opportunities around data centers and kind of large energy-intensive consumers, you have transmission capacity to take on the load, but you still have this kind of 1% load growth figure out there. A lot of your peers have been raising expectations, some are quantifying the impact. I guess, what's holding back? And how and when are you thinking about updating investors around potential upside there? Thanks.
Brian Tierney: Thank you for that, Shar. We're going through our evaluation of our future load growth rate right now. Look, we're seeing some things that are positive from the data center side. Some of those still a few years out. We're seeing some positive impacts from adoption of EVs in places like Maryland and New Jersey. But overall, we're still seeing modest, steady low growth and not it knock out of the park at this point. There's been so much talk about data center, Shar. And when we look at it, even if we get the load growth, they're generally taking service at a transmission level, which isn't as earnings impactful. Today, it could be rate impactful in a positive way to our existing customers as we spread some of that existing capacity over more units. But the real opportunity for us around data centers has been around things like the PJM Open Window 3, where we were awarded about $800 million worth of opportunity to invest in the transmission system to serve some of that data center load that's that Northern Virginia, Panhandle, Maryland area. So that's where we've seen more impact from the data centers, but more to be seen, and I anticipate probably around EEI, we'll be able to update you on the load growth.
Shar Pourreza : Okay. Perfect. And then lastly and maybe somewhat related. It's been noise around sort of co-located nuclear data center deals in PJM. I mean some of your current states like in Pennsylvania and Ohio could see similar deals like we saw with Susquehanna and AWS. I guess, why haven't you filed at FERC around the Susquehanna ISA docket when most of your peers have? And what's stance on the current complaint out there? Thanks.
Brian Tierney : Yes. So thank you for that question. Look, I think those are things that FERC will figure out in time. It's not as business impactful to us at this point, given our service territory and where we are. And I'm interested in what FERC has to say about that. I'm not sure what their tools are to be able to block something like that, what their view is on whether or not it takes net capacity out of the market and what that would do for existing customers. We just saw some pretty high prints on the PJM capacity auction yesterday. I think people are looking to that mechanism to solve generation resource adequacy. I'm not sure it really does, right? That's one print in that auction that happened yesterday. There was virtually no new generating capacity was offered and I don't think that a one-year print or a two-year print or a three-year print is going to solve that problem and attract significant increased investment into the PJM region. So something we need to figure out. It's important for our customers. We're actively engaged in that discussion. But I don't think the PJM auction is the place where that issue is going to be solved.
Shar Pourreza : Got it, Brian. And just a quick follow-up on that. Are you referring to potentially owning a certain amount of peaking assets and rates? Is that what the discussions are?
Brian Tierney: So the issue is how could we help that happen. And in certain of our states today, we're not allowed to own capacity. In West Virginia, we do in Maryland under circumstances we could in Ohio under certain circumstances we could. But in other states, we'd have to have legal challenges to allow that to happen. And if our states were to come to us and say, we would like you to invest in some form of dispatchable generation for the life of the asset at a regulated return. Those are things that we think would benefit our customers. If other people aren't adding the capacity and today, they're not. And those are discussions that we think would be constructive on behalf of our customers.
Shar Pourreza : Okay. Perfect. Fantastic. Guys, we will see you soon. Thank you again.
Brian Tierney: Thanks, Shahriar.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Fleishman: Yeah. Hi. Good morning. First, I don't know if Irene started working there when she was 10 years old, but congrats to Irene on 40 years and her retirement. I guess, first question, just on Pennsylvania, you mentioned you're getting close to settlement actions there. Just any sense yet on kind of the likelihood that you might be able to reach a settlement in Pennsylvania?
Brian Tierney: So thanks for that, Steve. Those talks are in early discussions. And it's we would always like to reach a settlement and present that to the commission, but I'd say early stages at this point, and we're optimistic that we'll be able to get something done hopefully before the hearings in August.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then just on the -- going to Ohio on the ESP V, I guess, the benefit you're seeking to kind of keep it shorter period, it sounds like the benefit of that is that you'll have less time to kind of just be there with an ESP with this limited definition? Or do you really want to just get better definition over the life of the ESP of some these clauses?
Brian Tierney: Here's what happened, the commission punted some key aspects of ESP V to the base rate case. And so it's hard for us to accept a five-year plan when there's uncertainty beyond the current rate case. And so if we were to time those things up a little better, and get more certainty on it, it's easier for us to accept an ESP V over a five-year term with more certainty. It's really hard for us to know what's going to happen to certain of those items that got punted after we get resolution of the base rate case.
Steve Fleishman: Got it. That's right. And then obviously, it's your decision whether to accept an ESP or not. So that's part of the…
Brian Tierney: Yes. That's correct.
Steve Fleishman: Got it. Okay. I know you mentioned that you are, I guess, far enough on some the Ohio issues to take a reserve on those this quarter. Just maybe you could just talk to and then resolving the DPA 2 period. So just could you maybe just talk to kind of your overall take on the environment there and how FirstEnergy is viewed these days?
Paul Patterson: Yeah. So thank you for that, Steve. Look, we've worked very, very hard to take responsibility for what happened in the past, make any payment and penalties that we need to move on beyond that. The thing that was very positive this quarter was in three of those issues, we made some real significant progress. First, there was the filing by the US Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Ohio recognizing that the three-year term of the DPA had ended and that we've been fully compliant with the requirements during that term. Second, we were able to make progress on the OOCIC and we were able to take a reserve for the amount that we think will be required to put that behind us. And then third, we were able to make progress achieving an agreement in principle subject to commission approval with the SEC. So across all fronts, we're making real progress on putting those legacy issues behind us and focusing on future. And I think, it's being well received in all of those venues.
Steve Fleishman: Great. Thank you.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan Chase. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Brian Tierney: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to follow up a little bit more on some of the earlier points on power prices here. And given the rise in both capacity and energy prices, just wondering, how you think about this impacts customers build headroom there. And just, do you see any potential efforts out there to kind of curb this? Could you share any thoughts on potential for state legislation to support new generation, state to form a strategic reserve, multiple VIUs coming together for a larger consolidated IRP, greater FRR use? Or just in general, do you see anything happening to stem higher prices?
Brian Tierney: Jeremy, you use just about every acronym we have in the industry in that question. That was amazing. Here are some of the things that we're doing right now, right? It was late breaking news yesterday afternoon. So we're going by a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction analysis of the impact of a couple of things. One is the higher capacity print that we saw yesterday. But we also still have some energy prices in there that are reflective of the Ukrainian impact on gas prices and electricity in the United States and some of those are rolling off, at the same time, those higher capacity prices will be rolling in. So we're trying to determine right now on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis, how that will happen and what the impact to our customers will be. In West Virginia, we think the impact will be kind of a wash. We have about the amount of capacity that our West Virginia customers need and buying and selling at those amounts, we don't expect there to be a significant impact in the state of West Virginia. As we look forward to the other states, right, we have, what I would say, among most progressive energy policy states in the country and among the most traditional as well. So I think West Virginia has traditionally been responsive to being pro-coal, but also all of the above. We've added some solar there recently. And I'd like to see if in our next IRP, we might be able to add some combined cycle gas in West Virginia in addition to that. And then in some of the other states where we're wires only, we're open to any construct that would allow us to invest in capacity on something that looks like a regulated basis. So, if we were to have in Pennsylvania and Ohio, something that looked like NYSERDA or NYPA, where a state agency could buy at long-term capacity that they might hold an auction for that anyone competitive generators, regulated generators could offer into that, those auctions. If it looked like a regulated basis and we could offer at a price that would allow us something that looked like a regulated return and allow us to recover on a pass-through basis, fuel and energy, those are things that we'd be willing to do. The thing we wouldn't be willing to do would be start competitive generation of our own. That's something that we've recently come out of. We paid a heavy price for that. We've rebuilt our balance sheet in the wake of that, and that's not a place that we're going to be going back to. But other things, other opportunities that could benefit our customers have the capacity that they need be responsive from a price standpoint are all things that are on the table and are all things we're talking to our states about.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's clear. competitive generation been there, done that. Just wanted to pivot a bit here, a smaller question. Just wondering, if you could speak to the size of cost savings that you guys are expecting with some of the facility optimization moves you're making, shrinking, changing location, just where those initiatives stand today? And what can we expect for timing impact of that and other kind of cost saving initiatives on radar?
Jon Taylor: Hi, Jeremy, it's Jon. I think we'll see some savings associated with, for instance, getting out of the general office headquarters here in Akron moving over to an owned building. But those savings, I would say, are fairly minimal in the grand scheme of things. Where we're really trying to focus our efforts on continuous improvement and taking cost out of the business is really around our productivity of workforce, investing in infrastructure and data and technology that will help us drive better decision-making, faster decision-making. And we have some pretty aggressive targets on productivity of our workforce, so we can make sure that we get contractors off the property that we do our work ourselves. That's where the bulk of the savings are coming from. And in fact, if you look over the last couple of years, we've done a pretty nice job of taking cost out with about $200 million of cost savings in 2023. About $100 million of that was sustainable, and we're targeting $70 of cost savings this year. So we'll continue to do what we can to offset inflation going forward, and that's part of our plan.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. I forgot to mention with my earlier question, as far as offshore wind is concerned, is that anything that on your radar at all or really just kind of the transmission side? I just wanted to check on that.
Brian Tierney: I'll tell you what our favorite part of offshore wind is, it's the on-land part. And we are investing a significant amount of money to shore up the transmission system in New Jersey to enable their initiatives to have significant offshore wind commissure in our service territory, and we're making hundreds of millions of dollars of investments to enable that, and that's the part of offshore wind that we want to participate in.
Jeremy Tonet: Understood. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Brian Tierney: Thanks Jeremy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nick Campanella with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Campanella: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I know a lot of talk on PJM. Just I wanted to follow-up on that, Brian, I know you said that one print is not a signal, but we'll have another one in December. And my guess is that not much changes just given the lead times to build this generation. And I guess my question is, is there a tipping point if this is kind of truly a step change in the environment, is there any need to reevaluate how you deploy capital? Or you being very comfortable where you are right now? Thanks.
Brian Tierney: Look, thank you for the question, Nick. Look, I think it's interesting. I'd call yesterday's print, the canary in the coal mine and the canary didn't make it. If you look at what's happened with the IPP prices over the course of the year, they are all anticipating higher prices in the years going forward. If you look at the amount of new generation that cleared in the auction yesterday, according to PJM's auction report, it was like 100 megawatts, so essentially nil. Same in the auction prior to that, it was about 300 megawatts, again, not the right amount. If people were to respond to yesterday's print and say, yes, I think it's a good idea to invest in baseload dispatchable generation PJM, it would be six years before that capacity would come online. The reality is that we can increase load and build data centers almost immediately and it takes years of planning, permitting and procuring and construction to build a power plant. So I think it's indicative of the future, but it certainly doesn't solve the problem. So what we're going to do is what we need to do is enable the energy transmission you need a robust grid to be able to do that. PJM keeps opening these open windows. There's a current one open that we will be submitting proposals to. We just had significant action that we won in the last one, and we'll continue to do that. And we're going to engage in the discussion constructively with our states, regulators and customers to see if there's a way that we could deploy our balance sheet capacity for generation that looked regulated like to us and our investors. But that's how we're viewing the lay of the land right now. I don't have the silver bullet. That's the solution that will solve this tomorrow or in two years or in three years, but we're engaged in that discussion. I just don't think the PJM construct is going to fix the issue even if it sends some positive price signals.
Nick Campanella: I really appreciate your thoughts on all that. And then you brought up the balance sheet capacity. And one thing that we've noticed is, obviously, you've done a great job derisking the balance sheet this year. You're really not relying much on capital markets this year either. And I know you kind of are working towards another update maybe in the fall or later in the year. Just as you roll forward, presumably the CapEx plan is pressure higher? And how are you kind of thinking about financing that? Is this a plan that kind of continues to have sizable balance sheet capacity where we see no equity on a roll forward? Thank you.
Jon Taylor: Hey, Nick, this is Jon. So we'll work through that as we do our long-term plan and update the investment community and spring time or winter time of next year. I would tell you, listen, we got to balance a couple of different things. We want to be at a BBB flat credit rating with rating agencies were not there yet. If you look at where their thresholds are versus where our planned targets are, we do have some balance sheet capacity, I would say 4% of the CapEx program is probably in right neighborhood. But there's going to be a lot of puts and takes as we think about the capital plan over the next five to 10 years that we'll have to consider. Is it base capital that you'll have regulatory lag? Or is it formula rate transmission capital, those are all things that are going to go into the mix. But we do have some balance sheet capacity, but I would probably peg it at less than 5% of the CapEx program.
Nick Campanella: That’s very helpful. Appreciate that. Have a great day.
Brian Tierney: Thanks, Nick.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Carly Davenport: Hey, good morning. Thanks so much for taking my question. Just like to quickly go back to the load growth piece. Strong prints across both commercial and residential customer classes this quarter. Could you just talk a little bit about what's driving that and kind of how you see that evolving going forward?
Jon Taylor: Yeah, Carly, let me start with residential. I mean we're just generally seeing at least this quarter higher average usage per customer across all of our jurisdictions, especially in areas like New Jersey and Maryland, which have a much more progressive energy policy with respect to electrification of electrification of vehicles or other industries. We also continue to see higher customer growth in Maryland, given some of the economic activity that we're seeing in that part of our service territory. So that's really what's driving the residential growth for the quarter. If you look at commercial and commercial for us is kind of our small- and medium-sized businesses. This is a customer class that took a pretty hard hit after the COVID pandemic. We saw a pretty significant drop-off. And now we're starting to see some of that rebound. And if you look at the last four quarters, three of the four have been higher quarter-over-quarter, and it's getting closer to what I would call pre-pandemic level usage. So those are really what are the drivers for the residential and commercial prints for the quarter.
Carly Davenport: Great. Appreciate that. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Jon Taylor: Thank you, Carly.
Operator: Next question comes from Michael Lonegan with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lonegan: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So in the Ohio rate case, obviously, it's early on, but just wondering if you see an opportunity for ultimately reaching a settlement there. You reached a partial settlement in Grid Mod this year, a settlement with the House Rule 6 refunds credits a few years ago. Now you're resolving some of the legacy issues in the state. But that being said, ESP V, there are some issues with that. So just wondering what your thoughts are about ultimating settlement there.
Brian Tierney: Michael, it's always our desire to reach a settlement in any of these rate cases. This one is something that I think is very much at its early stages. We'll be filing our update to the rate case filing later today. And then, of course, we'll be engaging with interveners and other interested parties as we work our way through the balance of 2024 and well into 2025. So yes, always want to reach a settlement, always open to that and always striving to do that in any case that we find.
Michael Lonegan: Got it. Great. And then secondly for me, obviously, the big CapEx increase earlier this year, the 44%, an expectation is that you'll file more regular rate cases. Obviously, you have the two big ones going on in Ohio and Pennsylvania right now, and you recently reached settlement in your other states. Just wondering how we should think about the jurisdictions and timings of your next rate cases.
Brian Tierney: Yes. So thank you for that as well, Mike. Look, I have the belief that a well-run and growing utility should be going in for regular rate cases. We have a strong balance sheet. We have Energize365, the CapEx plant we're pursuing. By the way, we have a significant amount of our capital is covered under riders and trackers. But I think a very regular interaction with our regulators is something that we should be doing regularly. So I think in most jurisdictions, we should be going in every two to three years at the max and updating rates clearing out trackers and riders, getting them reflected in base rates and then moving forward with those again. So I just think it's a hallmark of a growing utility that you should be regularly engaging with your regulators.
Michael Lonegan: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Hey, good morning.
Brian Tierney: Good morning Paul.
Paul Patterson: I wanted to echo what Steve's -- congratulations to Irene first of all. A lot of my questions have been answered, but just sort of back to the -- sort of regulated or sort of central procurement ideas that you were throwing out there. I'm just wondering what jurisdictions in your distribution-only service territories do you think are more receptive to that that idea than others? Sometimes those logical issues would have you, I mean, for whatever reason, some might be as logical as something might be some might be a little bit more resistant or a little bit more receptive than others. I was just thinking any thoughts about in your discussion about who might be a little bit more open to that idea?
Brian Tierney: Yes. So, Paul, you asked a politically-fraught question. Look, I think the real need here in the near-term is for baseload dispatchable generation. And we are ready, willing and able to engage in all of our jurisdictions for anyone who would like to add that on a regulated type basis. West Virginia has really said to us that coal is important to them, but everything should be in the tool bag in West Virginia, we're willing to engage with them on that basis. Maryland and Ohio under certain circumstances, we could add generation there, and Pennsylvania would take a legislative change. So, we are open to all. And if they're open to us, we'd be willing to engage on that regulated type basis. And again, there are people that get upset and say, you're going back to regulation. I don't think you have to go back to regulation. I think you can still have energy markets. I think you can still have retail choice where you have it today. But I also think you could have constructs like NYSERDA or NYPA where they could buy on behalf of the state's residents. And that doesn't have to be an end to competition. And they can even have auctions where all people could participate in that, utilities, independent power producers, and others. So, for the people that say it has to be one or the other, I just don't think that's a valid premise.
Paul Patterson: Great. Thanks a lot. Have a great one.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Paul. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Weisel: Hi good morning. I want to also congratulate Irene on an incredible career and Chris, I don't know you, but looking at the number of new leaders who joined FE in the last year, I think you certainly deserve congratulations as well.
Brian Tierney: Thank you for that. I'll pass that on.
Andrew Weisel: Just a couple of quick ones on the balance sheet. I know you're targeting 14% to 15% FFO-to-debt, consistent with prior guidance. Are you still on track to reach that by year end? Where does that metric stand as of June 30th after the FET proceeds? And I see you're still reiterating equity needs of up to $100 million per year, you've taken $120 of reserves. Should those turn into cash outflows, would that ultimately require incremental equity as sort of a one-timer? Or would that be able to -- or would you be able to satisfy that without more equity? And I recognize the timing of that would be very uncertain, but maybe just some thoughts on that.
Jon Taylor : Yes. Andrew, this is Jon. So we've made significant improvements in the metrics just -- if you look at where we are as of the trailing 6/30 numbers, close to 200 basis points of improvement, a lot of that is coming from higher FFO. But if you just look at our debt levels, they're about $2 billion below where they were this time last year. I do think we're going to be a little bit challenged this year to hit the 14%. A lot of that is because of the SEC and OOCIC accrual. If you were to back those out, we would be closer to the 14%. But longer term, we're going to be at 14% to 15%.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Does that mean by next year? Or will it...
Jon Taylor : It would be next year. So sometime like in probably the first, second or third quarters of next year on a trailing basis, we would probably get to that 14% level.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then just a quick follow-up. Remind me, if you were to do a pension lift out, would that be cash or non-cash?
Jon Taylor : Well, it would be funded through the pension plan. It would be non-cash to the company, but the pension plan would have to fund it, which would use the investments that it has on hand to fund that.
Andrew Weisel: Right. Okay. But it wouldn't require external financing.
Jon Taylor : No, no, no, that's right. If you think about what we did in December, eliminated a $720 million liability by paying $0.95 on the dollar through the pension plan. So, no external financing to the company.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Very good. Thank you so much.
Jon Taylor : Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregg Orrill with UBS. Please state with your question.
Gregg Orrill : Yes. Thank you and thank you, Irene. I appreciate it. Just a couple of timing questions. Just on the potential construct of a NYSERDA type agency. What is the earliest do you think something like that could get started in any of your states? And then just on Grid Mod II, I know you've got the partial settlement there. What's your thinking on sort of the timing to get that done? What has to be done there?
Brian Tierney : So let me take Grid Mod II first, Greg. Would anticipate an order in the fourth quarter of this year on the settlement that that we proposed. So hope to get done like I said, this year, and we could start making those investments right away in the AMI. On the NYSERDA, it would require legislation changes in all of our jurisdictions to make that happen. And then they would have to have a process where they would run an auction to do that. So, I'd say it's not a short-term process. It would require legislation change and then activation of that new entity to do what it needs to do on behalf of its customers. So on behalf of the residents state rather than customers. The important thing about that is, it could be a structural change that could be a path forward rather than an auction to auction, do I build, don't build? There would actually be a structure for how the state would procure its incremental needs that could survive auctions, administrations and the like, and it could be truly sustainable. And I think we need a sustainable solution here even if it's not a short-term fix.
Gregg Orrill: Thank you.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Gregg.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, thanks for squeezing me in. Just one quick one, Brian. You talked about the PJM contract maybe it's not going to struggle to attract new generation, canary a coal mine, all this. Do you think as we're in this period, while they're trying to figure how to incentivize new generation, that could delay the economic growth or stall the economic growth or a load that you should see in the region?
Brian Tierney: I don't think so, Anthony, obviously, we have capacity to use still. I think we're still serving capacity. We're still adding load. We still have transmission capacity to serve people. I think long term, it could be a problem for economic development and load growth, and I think that's why we need to solve it. So it's not happening now. It could happen going forward. And I think on a regional and statewide basis, that's why we need to think about this. We can't cede our competitiveness to other regions because we don't have the energy to serve them. And it's our job to make sure that doesn't happen.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Anthony.
Operator: We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. And ladies and gentlemen, does conclude today's teleconference webcast. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 
 It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications. Please go ahead, Irene. 
Irene Prezelj: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to FirstEnergy's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Review. Our President and Chief Executive Officer, Brian Tierney, will lead our call today, and he will be joined by Jon Taylor, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 
 Our earnings release, presentation slides and related financial information are available on our website at firstenergycorp.com. 
 Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements can be found in our SEC filings. The appendix of today's presentation includes supplemental information, along with the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures. 
 Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Brian. 
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Irene. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in FirstEnergy. This morning, I will review financial performance and highlights for the first quarter, provide some updates on key regulatory developments and review FirstEnergy's shareholder value proposition. 
 For the first quarter, FirstEnergy delivered GAAP earnings of $0.44 per share compared to $0.51 per share in 2023. Operating earnings were $0.55 per share, $0.02 higher than the midpoint of guidance for the quarter versus $0.60 per share last year.  
 It is important to note that higher revenues from investments to better serve our customers and more favorable weather compared to last year were offset by higher planned O&M expenses and the expected decrease in Signal Peak earnings resulted in higher quality utility earnings for the quarter. Jon will provide additional details later in the call. 
 During the last earnings call, we announced our 5-year $26 billion investment program to better serve our customers, branded as Energize365. That plan, combined with our ongoing regulatory updates and our continuous improvement program, give us the confidence to affirm our 6% to 8% long-term operating growth rate. We are also affirming our operating earnings guidance range of $2.61 to $2.81 per share for 2024. We are providing guidance of $0.50 to $0.60 per share for the second quarter of this year. 
 Our confidence in the future gave us the opportunity to increase our dividend again to $0.425 per share payable in June. On an annual basis, this would represent an increase of 6.25% versus dividends declared in 2023. 
 We are continuing to make progress on recruiting and hiring executives to run our 5 primary businesses. We expect to make announcements in the near-term. 
 Earlier this month, we announced the hiring of John Combs as our Senior Vice President of Shared Services. John was most recently an SVP and Chief Technology Officer at JPMorgan Chase. John's deep background in technology and leadership as well as his financial acumen, make him the perfect person to lead our IT, supply chain, flight operations and corporate and cybersecurity organizations. We are thrilled to welcome John to the team. 
 On March 25, FirstEnergy closed on the final phase of our multiyear $7 billion equity raise to improve our balance sheet and fuel our growth. We received $2.3 billion of the $3.5 billion proceeds with a balance in interest-bearing notes that are expected to be repaid this year. We are excited to have Brookfield as our partner in the fast-growing transmission segment of our business. The impact of this transaction on FirstEnergy, as the final phase of the $7 billion equity raise, cannot be overstated. The total equity on the balance sheet increased 25% in the 3 months ended March 31. That's truly remarkable for a company of FirstEnergy's size. 
 For the first time in this company's history, we are fully regulated, mostly wires, with a strong balance sheet that enables organic investment in our utility companies to improve reliability and our customers' experience. Following the closing of the transaction, Moody's recognized the impact of the company by upgrading FirstEnergy Corp.'s senior unsecured rating to investment grade. On Tuesday, S&P upgraded FirstEnergy's corporate credit rating to BBB and our senior unsecured rating to investment grade with a positive outlook. The balance sheet strength and clean business model represented on this slide capture a lot about what excited me to come to FirstEnergy. 
 Let me provide some updates on key regulatory initiatives. People have asked us how they will know when we are making progress on our regulatory plan. I tell them to look for milestones where we are getting fair and reasonable regulatory outcomes. During the quarter, we proved that we can obtain constructive regulatory outcomes across our jurisdictions. 
 We received approval of our rate case settlement in New Jersey, authorizing a 9.6% ROE and a 52% equity capitalization ratio. Even with this increase, JCP&L's rates remain 26% below our in-state peers. 
 The West Virginia Public Service Commission approved constructive depreciation and base rate case settlements. In addition, they approved an expanded net energy fuel charge settlement for recovery of about $0.25 billion through 2026 with no disallowances. For investors looking for milestones that FirstEnergy can obtain fair and reasonable regulatory outcomes, we provided several examples during the quarter. Jon will provide additional detail on the results in his remarks. 
 For the balance of the year, we have an active regulatory schedule. In Ohio, we filed a settlement in our Grid Mod II case, asking for the opportunity to complete our advanced meter infrastructure rollout over 4 years. A hearing is scheduled for June 5. Approval of this noncontroversial settlement will bring us to parity with our in-state peers. We are expecting approval of our ESP V filing this quarter, and we will file a base rate case next month. That case will seek a modest increase in base rates, but we'll reset a number of riders since the last base rate case. Earlier this month, in Pennsylvania, we filed a base rate case requesting an 11.3% ROE and a 53.8% equity ratio. We expect a decision in December, with rates effective in January of next year. 
 Before I turn the call over to John, I would like to highlight the value proposition that FirstEnergy offers to shareholders. We have completed the multiyear overhaul of our balance sheet and have achieved investment-grade status at both Moody's and S&P. Our strong balance sheet differentiates FirstEnergy from many of our industry peers and that we do not anticipate incremental equity needs to fund our $26 billion investment plan. Our long-term annual operating earnings growth rate, combined with our dividend yield, represent a total shareholder return potential of 10% to 12%. Our earnings quality is vastly improved, driven by growth in our core regulated businesses and our customers' affordability remains strong throughout the investment period. 
 At the end of a significant business transition led by our Board of Directors and management team, FirstEnergy represents a high-quality and attractive risk value proposition to our shareholders. 
 With that, I will turn the call over to Jon. 
K. Taylor: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. Despite another mild winter, we are off to a good start this year with strong execution and financial discipline from our team that resulted in operating earnings above the midpoint of our guidance. And we are reaffirming our full year operating earnings guidance range of $2.61 to $2.81 a share, which represents a 7% increase versus the midpoint of our 2023 guidance. 
 Today, I'll review financial performance for the quarter, our progress on key strategic regulatory initiatives and close with some details around the balance sheet. 
 Looking at our financial performance for the quarter. Operating earnings were $0.55 a share, which is above the midpoint of our guidance despite the mild temperatures this winter that impacted retail sales and includes a planned increase in operating expenses as discussed on the fourth quarter call. This compares to 2023 first quarter operating earnings of $0.60 a share. As we also mentioned on the fourth quarter call, earnings growth this year will be back-end loaded, given the effective dates of rate cases in West Virginia and New Jersey, and planned increases in operating expenses in the first half of this year associated with the timing of maintenance work. Our first quarter results are detailed in the strategic and financial highlights document we posted to our IR website last night. 
 At a consolidated level, first quarter earnings of $0.55 per share were impacted by higher planned operating expenses and improved earnings quality from an expected decrease in earnings from Signal Peak, partially offset by increases from new base rates and rate base growth in formula rate programs. And although customer demand was not a significant driver year-over-year given the mild winter in the first quarter of 2023, retail sales were down 6% versus planned, primarily associated with heating degree days that were 14% below normal, impacting results by $0.07 a share versus our plan. 
 So let's also take a few minutes to review our segment results, which you will notice in our filings and presentation, the segment reporting change, consistent with how we're managing the business. We are now organized into easy-to-follow segments of distribution, integrated stand-alone transmission and corporate. This streamlined and transparent reporting places entire companies and individual segments, simplifying reporting and eliminating reconciliations. 
 In our Distribution business, operating earnings were $0.30 a share versus $0.33 per share in the first quarter of last year, impacted largely by the planned increase in operating expenses I mentioned earlier, specifically around vegetation management work, partially offset by an increase in rates from capital investment programs and lower rate credits in Ohio. 
 In our Integrated segment, operating earnings were $0.15 a share compared to $0.14 per share in the first quarter of last year. Results increased largely due to the implementation of base rates in all 3 jurisdictions in this business and rate base growth in formula rate programs, including integrated transmission investments, partially offset by planned increases in operating expenses. 
 In our stand-alone transmission segment, operating earnings were $0.18 a share versus $0.17 per share in the first quarter of 2023, resulting from a 9% year-over-year rate base growth from our formula rate transmission capital investment program. 
 And finally, in our corporate segment, losses were $0.08 per share versus $0.04 per share in the first quarter of 2023, primarily reflecting the lower planned earnings contribution from our 1/3 ownership interest in the Signal Peak mining operation, decreasing from $0.08 per share in the first quarter of last year to $0.03 per share in the first quarter of this year. 
 Turning briefly to capital investments. First quarter CapEx totaled just under $900 million, an increase of nearly 22% versus 2023 levels and slightly ahead of our plan across each of our businesses, focusing on grid modernization, transmission and infrastructure renewal investments. As a reminder, CapEx for this year is planned at $4.3 billion versus $3.7 billion in 2023. 
 Turning to regulatory activity. We are very pleased with the outcomes in the recent base rate case orders, consistent with our plan that allows for solid regulated returns for our investors while keeping rates affordable for customers. And we're committed to our customers and our communities to enhance reliability performance and support the energy transition through our Energize365 capital investment program. 
 As Brian mentioned, in mid-February, the New Jersey BPU issued a final order on JCP&L's base rate case. The new rates, which customers will see effective June 1 and continue to be well below our in-state peer average, represent an $85 million rate adjustment on rate base totaling $3 billion, an ROE of 9.6% and a 52% equity capitalization ratio. And we are currently working through our Energize New Jersey infrastructure improvement proposal initially filed in November, including over $900 million in capital investments over 5 years aimed to enhance reliability and modernize the distribution system. 
 In West Virginia, on March 26, we received a final order from the Public Service Commission on our base rate case with rates effective March 27. The case resulted in a $105 million rate adjustment on rate base of $3.2 billion, an allowed ROE of 9.8% and a 49.6% equity ratio. Rates for our West Virginia customers remain about 22% below our in-state peers. 
 Additionally, as Brian mentioned, in West Virginia, we received an order on our ENEC case for an increase of $55 million. We have been successful in reducing the $255 million deferral down to $168 million with full recovery expected by 2026. 
 Now let's move on to current activity with Pennsylvania. Earlier this month, we filed a base rate case requesting a $502 million rate adjustment on rate base of $7.2 billion, an 11.3% proposed return on equity and a 53.8% equity capitalization ratio. The case builds on our service reliability enhancements in the state with additional investments in a smart, modern energy grid and customer-focused programs while keeping rates comparable to other Pennsylvania utilities. 
 Key components of the case include implementing a 10-year enhanced vegetation management program to reduce tree caused outages, reduce outage restoration time and reduce future maintenance costs, recovery of costs associated with major storms, COVID-19 and LED streetlight conversions and changing pension and OPEB recovery to the delayed recognition method, which is based on traditional pension expense with amortization of previously recognized cumulative actuarial losses. 
 The case also includes a blended federal state statutory tax rate of approximately 27%, but also continues to provide customer savings from previous changes to federal and state tax rates. 
 Additionally, the application proposes a pension OPEB normalization mechanism to track and defer differences between actual and test year expense using the delayed recognition method. In addition to the base rate case, we plan to file a third phase of our long-term infrastructure improvement program this summer, which will include capital investment programs to improve reliability for the customers of Pennsylvania. 
 And finally, turning to Ohio. Earlier this month, we filed a settlement for the second phase of our distribution grid modernization plan, Grid Mod II. The settlement includes a $421 million 4-year capital investment program to continue modernizing the distribution electric system by completing the deployment of 1.4 million smart meters to our customers in Ohio. 
 Finally, next week, we plan to file a prefiling notice of our Ohio base rate case with a full application and supporting schedules by the end of May. 
 Key highlights of the case will include a 2024 test year with over $4.3 billion in rate base and an equity capitalization ratio reflecting the actual capital structure of the companies, a plan to recover investments in riders' DCR and AMI, which includes the Grid Mod capital investments in base rates and reset those riders to 0 and some of the same other features that we included in other rate case applications, including pension recovery and pension tracking mechanisms. The current expectation is a proposal of a modest net increase to customers of less than $100 million compared to current revenues and an overall average impact of less than 5% of total revenues across all customers which will be refined over the coming months. 
 And finally, just to touch on the balance sheet and the closing of the FET transaction. Obviously, a lot of hard work goes into any transaction like this, but this was a great team effort, and we couldn't be more pleased with the results. 
 Of the $3.5 billion in total proceeds, $2.3 billion was received at the end of March and was deployed immediately, consistent with our plan to pay off short-term debt and to redeem long-term debt totaling close to $1.4 billion, of which $460 million was at FE Corp. We expect to receive the remaining $1.2 billion later this year, which will be used to fund our capital programs and additional liability management, depending on market conditions. 
 This transaction completes a series of transactions over the last 2.5 years that resulted in over $3 billion in high-cost debt redemptions at FE Corp., close to $2 billion in utility long-term debt redemptions and $2 billion to pay off short-term debt that would have otherwise been financed with long-term debt at our utilities. And we are pleased to be back with an investment-grade credit rating with all 3 rating agencies and understand and appreciate and respect the importance of this to all of our stakeholders. 
 Thank you for your time today. We're off to a solid start this year with strong execution and a significantly stronger balance sheet to fuel our growth going forward. Now let's open the call to Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. 
Shahriar Pourreza: So Brian, I know obviously, Jon and Brian thanks for the color on the Ohio case, I think it touched on some of the questions I had on that. But look, the state is likely going to become sort of this epicenter for hyperscalers. So I guess I'm curious if there's going to be any sort of kind of data center-focused rate design or tariff filings in this case to maybe account kind of for these opportunities, especially to trying to balance the impact to other customers while trying to track this business? And then maybe just as a follow-up there, Brian, how is the dialogue going with data centers in general? 
Brian Tierney: So let me start with the second one. The dialogue with data centers is really positive. We've been out to see Josh Snowhorn, and his team out of Quantum Loophole right outside of Frederick, Maryland, it's amazing what they have going on there. It's kind of fascinating to see. We have 2 230 kV lines that end in an open field where there used to be an aluminum smelter and now Josh and his team were building that huge data center complex. So we're in direct dialogue with them. They will be one of our biggest customers over time and look forward to continuing that dialogue.
 We're also seeing as things like expand out from data center hubs from Northern Virginia. Now you're seeing in the Panhandle of Maryland, the Quantum Loophole folks. We're seeing the same thing in Ohio. And as things expand out from Central Ohio, the place where I used to work, and it's coming up into our service territory as well. And we're also seeing interest in Pennsylvania.
 Given what's happened with a number of power plant retirements over the years, our service territory has ample brownfield sites that are -- have land available and connectivity to the high-voltage transmission system. So we think we're well positioned for some of that growth. We're continuing to invest as we go forward. The PJM open data center 3 that we're able to fund about $800 million to help enable that growth. We're excited about the opportunity going forward.
 Jon, I don't know, are we doing anything tariff-wise to attract these? Or are we well set up given the tariffs that we have? 
K. Taylor: Shar, that's a really good question. I think it's something that we will take a look at over time. Our tariffs are set up or such that some of these customers would be transmission-related customers. So the revenue uplift to the distribution companies wouldn't be as significant as you would see maybe in a residential customer, and that's by design. So it is something that I think over time we'll take a look at as well as I'm sure other utilities will take a look at. But at this point in time, we don't have anything that we're planning for. 
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. That's perfect. And then, Brian, lastly for me and sorry, I got to ask this, but it's causing a little bit of angst this morning with investors. There's some new language in the queue kind of mentioning on potential fines coming from the OOCIC, I guess how do you book in the range of outcomes there? I know, obviously, the language is not going to be super material. But is there any kind of sort of read-throughs or knock-on effects on the ongoing PUCO investigations or any other investigations there? 
Brian Tierney: I don't think so, Shar. Thanks for the question. There are 2 new things that we raised in that OOCIC disclosure. One was at the beginning of the disclosure, we talked about -- we have traditionally talked about there being nothing that we were aware of that was outside of the DPA. 
 Well, during the quarter, the OOCIC-brought indictments against householder for things that had nothing to do with the DPA, and we were unaware of that activity, which they found and obtained indictments on. And the other component is in regards to that investigation as well as the Attorney General has a civil suit against the company. We'd like to put both those past us and we may have to put a little bit of money on the table to do that. So we don't think it will be material, but we'd like to put a period on both those issues as it relates to the company and move on.
 I think some of you saw the language that the Attorney General used in the prior indictments when he complemented the company on its cooperation with his office, and viewed us as a victim of the offenses that took place. So we think it's a constructive relationship, and we just like to put a period on it and move on from there. 
Operator: Your next question today is coming from Michael Sullivan from Wolfe Research. 
Michael Sullivan: Maybe just -- I know you're about to file this year and I appreciate all the kind of upfront detail on Ohio. But maybe if you could just give a little more on how you are able to keep the rate hike request so low in Ohio after being out for so long? 
Brian Tierney: Yes. So a lot of the activity that we're doing is taking things that have been handled in riders during that interim period and putting it in base rates. So things that customers were always paying for, but they weren't in base rates. So there's no customer increase associated with that. And then we're looking at refreshing the ROE, some cost structures, and we anticipate that those things will be $100 million or less in terms of gross increase, and we expect the net impact on customer rates to be less than 5%. 
K. Taylor: Yes, Michael, I'll expand just a little bit. If you think about rider DCR, that's been in place for over 10 years now and we've been able to earn on pretty much all of our investments in the distribution system over those 10 years. And to give you a sense of magnitude, that rider alone is close to $400 million annually. And then if you look at the Grid Mod rider, that probably got kicked off a few years ago with our Grid Mod I implementation, it's close to $100 million.
 So over the years, even though base rates haven't changed in over 10-plus years, we've been able to increase the returns on our investments through those riders. And a lot of this case is just moving those riders into base rates. 
Michael Sullivan: Okay. That's super helpful. Just a quick follow-up on that. With respect to the riders, does the outcome here in the next month in ESP V and how riders are treated there have any impact on how you approach the base rate case filing? 
K. Taylor: No, I don't think so, Michael. I mean, this is capital that has been prudently spent. It's been on distribution reliability. I think it's been subject to audits in the past. So I think that is simply going to be moved from those riders into base rates. And if you look at the past in other jurisdictions, you really don't have an issue with moving capital that you've deployed in riders in the base rates. That's typically fairly straightforward in any type of rate proceeding. 
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Makes sense. And last one for me, Jon. Just the -- congrats on getting back to IG and just what are we thinking for timing and prospects for maybe even mid-BBB, sounds like you have the metrics to support it. Is it doable at both agencies and potential timing there? 
K. Taylor: Yes. I'm not going to speak for the agencies, but S&P left us on a positive outlook. And I think they're looking for the expiration of the deferred prosecution agreement, which will be in July of this year. I think we also need to build a track record of hitting our forecast, and I think that's going to take some time to do that. And so that's what I think they're looking for and that's what our plan is. 
Operator: Next question is coming from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. 
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to kind of touch base, I guess, on how things are progressing against strategic initiatives to kind of realign the organization, bring in new hires, decentralized decision-making and assigned KPIs further down the structure. How is that being received? How do you see, I guess, the culture changing? Just wondering any thoughts on how that's progressing? 
Brian Tierney: Thank you for that question, Jeremy. It's progressing really well. So we've added Toby Thomas as the Chief Operating Officer; Wade Smith, as the head of FE Utilities; and we just announced John Combs coming in. And these folks are hitting the ground running, making an impact right away.
 If you look at how we're managing the company, we're managing it the way we're reporting it in segments now by those 5 major operating companies that we have. And things like Energize365, that is organized and planned according to those major business units. So the plans that summarize up to that $26 billion spend over 5 years, are all coming from those major business units. And they have the plans to put that capital to work for the benefit of our customers by business unit.
 And so it's working the way we thought it would. It's -- we've transitioned from a CapEx that's kind of break fix, repair in kind to one that gets our customers ahead in terms of reliability and gives us the opportunity to improve the customer experience rather than just treading water. And the transaction that both Jon and I talked about in our remarks, enables that, right? You can't make the type of investments that we're talking about making without the strong balance sheet that we've had through the capital raises over time.
 So everything is coming together and working as it should. The money is [ come in ] the door. The balance sheet is strong. And we have the plans by business unit to put the dollars to work, and you're seeing it from '23 to '24, and we have plans going out for 4 additional years as well to make this happen. So it's working the way it should, the way we envision it, and we're off and running. 
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. Good to see that there. And maybe following up on putting the dollars to work with regards to the Energize365 CapEx plan. Could you walk through the clean energy part a little bit more within the overall plan? And just wondering how that breaks down between solar energy efficiency, EV infrastructure, energy storage, different initiatives and how you see the timeline for that unfolding? And where could that go over time, I guess? 
Brian Tierney: So a lot of it Jeremy, is some things that we're doing on the wire side to enable the energy transition. So you've seen 2 major pieces of that. One was the PJM Open Window 3. We're able to put $800 million to work. And the other is the New Jersey offshore wind transmission component where we're putting over $700 million to work. So significant components well over $1 billion in those initiatives, in addition to what we're doing with solar generation in the state of West Virginia on our way to rounding out a 50-megawatt commitment that we have there and would like to see 2 more of those 50-megawatt commitments as we get further subscriptions.
 But a lot of it rather than being on the generation side is really on the wires component of the business, and that's where the bulk of that $26 billion spend is going to be. 
K. Taylor: Yes, Jeremy, I'd just would add on a little bit. If you just look at the clean energy component of the $26 billion, it's a little less than 10% of the total portfolio. And like Brian said, a lot of that is in the state of West Virginia with the expected build-out of additional solar as well as the energy efficiency investments that we need to make in New Jersey to hit the state-required goals on consumption usage.
 So we're working through that program right now as we speak. And we should have clarity, I think, later this year on the energy efficiency CapEx in New Jersey sometime later this year. 
Brian Tierney: One final piece that we've gotten questions on also, Jeremy, is that the DOE GRIP program and whether or not we've made applications for that. We proposed 5 projects and 4 of them we were asked by the DOE to proceed. And they include everything like distributed energy management, AMI, grid resilience, smart grid and storage. And so about $500 million worth of projects we're moving forward with in the GRIP program and hope to get some positive results on that later this summer. 
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. And just one last one, if I could, regarding Signal Peak and recognize it's a shrinking part of the plan over time here. But I think there's just been some reports out there about BLM delays and how that impacts operations down the line there, whether it has to shut at a certain time. Just wondering any thoughts you could share with us there? 
K. Taylor: No disruptions in the mine that we're aware of. In fact, we have in the plan about $0.12 of earnings contribution for the year. They contributed $0.03 in the first quarter. So they're on track with their plan. So... 
Operator: Your next question today is coming from Carly Davenport from Goldman Sachs. 
Carly Davenport: Maybe just on the pension volatility, relative to what you've done so far, how good things like the proposals you've got in the Pennsylvania rate case around pension and OPEB recovery and the normalization mechanism impact the volatility levels that you see going forward? 
K. Taylor: Well, if we're able to successfully get the pension tracking mechanism, that goes a long way in deferring the volatility on to the balance sheet because essentially, you would be tracking to your test year expense and any changes from that point forward, both positive or negative to that would be deferred on the balance sheet. So the volatility would be significantly reduced if you're able to achieve some of those pension tracking mechanisms.
 Now we've applied for that in West Virginia, Maryland and New Jersey. Last year, we were unsuccessful there. We'll apply for those mechanisms in Pennsylvania and Ohio this year. But it is something that we'll continually go after even if we're not successful this year, because I think it's important for us to make sure that we manage that volatility accordingly.
 I mean the other thing we did last year is we did the pension lift-out, where we looked at our former competitive business and lifted out about half of that liability at a favorable pricing, about a 95% of par, about a 5% discount, which also reduces the volatility in the pension plan by about 5%, 10%. And we plan to do another pension lift-out at some point in time either later this year or towards the end of the year. So something that we're looking at right now. 
Brian Tierney: Carly, the beauty of that tracking mechanism is that the regulator is never wrong, like there's always the true-up. And so we're never making more or less than what we're asking for in rates, and it's always the right amount because it's based on the numbers. So we think it has a virtue that should be appealing to the regulators and others in our cases as well. 
Carly Davenport: Got it. Great. That's super helpful. And then maybe just as you think about the balance sheet, are there any factors that we should be thinking about that could push the receipt of those remaining FET proceeds beyond the latter part of this year? 
K. Taylor: So they've already filed for application with the last co-investor and they've asked for accelerated approval. So I'm not anticipating any delay in that. So my expectation is that we should get the proceeds later this year. 
Operator: Next question today is coming from David Arcaro from Morgan Stanley. 
David Arcaro: Maybe back on the Ohio rate case, I was wondering, are there any new mechanisms or new capital programs that we should watch for that might come with the filling? It didn't sound like it, but anything new that you would plan to bring into this case? 
K. Taylor: David, no, this will be a more traditional base rate case. I mean, obviously, we have the DCR in place, which really covers most of all of the capital in the Ohio companies, specifically targeting distribution reliability enhancements. So we'll have the Grid Mod program as well. So no new capital programs in this particular proceeding. 
Brian Tierney: Grid Mod, which we do have a settlement in is a little over $400 million and that will allow us to get on parity with our in-state peers in that we're doing just the noncontroversial AMI implementation, which we hope to get. I just bought a house here in Akron. I've got 40-year old analog meter on my house. It would be nice to be able to have that AMI technology in place, and that's not controversial.
 The other component of Grid Mod II, where we hope to be able to put more capital to work is in the distribution automation. And we've asked in that case to be able to demonstrate the benefits that customers got in Grid Mod I from the distribution automation and then come back at a later date and ask to be able to advance that program further. 
David Arcaro: Got it. Got it. That makes sense. And then back on the topic of data centers, I was wondering how do you see the transmission opportunity growing over time in PJM? It sounds like you could be seeing greater load growth, whether it's in Ohio and Pennsylvania. Just what's the transmission CapEx upside opportunity that you're seeing? Is that growing rapidly potentially as we see data centers move to that region? 
Brian Tierney: Yes. So it's a great question, Dave. It's -- I'll just say this, it's a little lumpy. So as these things are coming about, we're seeing things like the PJM Open Window 3, right? That was somewhat of an unanticipated opportunity that we don't have opportunities like that in our $26 billion plan. But as they come about, they'll be incremental to that plan. And so we've seen that process play out last year. I anticipate that we'll see more processes through future open windows from PJM as they're looking to build capacity on the grid to enable the type of load growth that data centers represent.
 So you've seen it concentrated, like I said before, in that Northern Virginia, Central Ohio area, and now it's branching out into other areas. And we anticipate -- we know it's moving into our service territories in Maryland, Pennsylvania and Ohio. 
David Arcaro: Got it. And I guess on that, just a quick follow-up. In your conversations with these data center customers, do you have a sense of the timing of when these are coming in and trying to connect to the grid when we could see a bigger increase in the load in interconnections coming? 
Brian Tierney: Yes. So I'd say it's in the year's timeframe, but they're frequently getting more aggressive about wanting sooner, service, and that's all coming into things like their supply chain? Do they have the equipment necessary to put the equipment in, the cooling that they need, the generation that they need all those things. And so we have time to see it coming. But I think they're getting increasingly aggressive about wanting service sooner and quicker than what they had previously. 
Operator: Your next question today is coming from Gregg Orrill from UBS. 
Gregg Orrill: Just another follow-up regarding the DCR and how you see that getting rolled into -- getting recovery around that? Is it going to be sort of along the timeline of the new ESP V? Or will it be tied to the base rate case? And how does that impact your guidance? 
Brian Tierney: Yes. So our anticipation is that the accounts that we're recovering in the DCR should be fully recovered in either ESP V or the base rates. And there's been some discussion about that in the staff's filing and our responses. The accounts have been fully recovered for the last 12 or so years in the ESP V, and they've been audited and deemed appropriate and approved on an annual basis.
 So whether they're -- all the accounts are in ESP V or in the base rate case, we're sort of indifferent to that. But fully believe that what's been approved and recovered and invested in for the last 12 years will continue to be in either one of those venues. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Anthony Crowdell from Mizuho. 
Anthony Crowdell: Just hopefully 2 quick ones. One on the deferred prosecution agreement, is there a date in June where it expires? Or will there be an announcement or an office issue with a notice out? 
K. Taylor: Anthony, it's Jon. I think that's late July. It's not June. So it's late July. I think it's like the 20th or 22nd. And if we could make a filing prior to that, we'd like to be able to do that as well. Anthony, just meaning not wait until the absolute terminal date. If we've done everything we need to, to allow us to file sooner than that, we will. 
Anthony Crowdell: If I take that with Shar's question earlier, you mentioned to clear that potential suit out -- suit up. Are those the last 2 items of deferred prosecution agreement and that potential loss that Shar had brought up earlier? 
Brian Tierney: No. There's what we talked about earlier. There's the DPA, there's the securities case and then there are the audit cases in front of the Ohio Commission, which we asked if they could proceed currently and hopefully get those behind us as well. 
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then just lastly, the move to investment grade, was there any existing debt that maybe was triggered to a higher interest rate because you were sub-investment grade? And is there -- will that -- will those rates maybe trigger lower? And is there any significant interest savings going forward because of that? 
K. Taylor: Yes. So not meaningful interest savings, but with the Moody's upgrade, we had an interest rate step-up because we were sub-investment-grade. Now that's been eliminated, effective with the upgrade, although it will start with the next interest payment later this year. I think on an annual basis, that's less than $10 million. But nonetheless, I mean, it's meaningful. And then I think we also got some better pricing on the revolving credit facility by about 25 basis points.
 So I mean, all those things help, they may not be material in the grand scheme of things, but it is important to us.
 Anthony, there's one more that I forgot to put on the list. There's the SEC investigation that we'd like to get settled as well. 
Operator: Next question today is coming from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates. 
Paul Patterson: Just a follow-up, I think it might have been Jeremy's question on Signal Peak. There's discussion about maybe being forced to shut down in 2025. Any thoughts there about how we should think about that? And if that happens, is it just a $0.12 maybe not being there? Or is there a potential for a negative EPS impact or something like that? 
K. Taylor: Well, so Paul, thanks for the question. As we've kind of outlined in the plan, Signal Peak was $0.12 this year, but we really had them going to a very de minimis level of earnings contribution beginning in '25 and beyond. So not significant to the plan in the grand scheme of things. And I don't think it would ever go to where we're incurring losses, but just kind of a breakeven proposition if it were to have to shut down. 
Paul Patterson: Okay. Awesome. And then with respect to the Grid Mod settlement, is there any potential for having additional parties sign on to that? Or are we just going to go through what, I guess, has been outlined in the procedural [indiscernible] of the hearing examiners, are we pretty much just going to go down that road, do you think? 
Brian Tierney: I think we're just going to go down that road, Paul. It's June 25 is when I think we're expecting to have the hearing on it. And we have a majority of the intervenors signed on to the settlement. And there's -- like there's really nothing controversial about it. It's -- we're just trying to deploy the AMI that all the other in-state peers are either at or close to 100% of, we're trying to round out and finish the remaining 2/3 of our customers on. 
Paul Patterson: Okay. Great. And then this has been a topic that's been coming up a lot in policy circles about trying to get more grid-enhancing technologies to be deployed as opposed to the substantial build-out and all the issues that are being seen with that in terms of cost and timing and stuff. I'm just wondering how do you think about grid-enhancing technologies, and do you have any thoughts about how they might be deployed at FirstEnergy or industry-wide? 
Brian Tierney: Yes. So there are our responses to the GRIP, I think, are grid-enhancing technologies, grid resilient, smart grid storage, DERMS and the like. And so with the Department of Energy, we're looking to take that money that they're looking to help jump start some of those initiatives and get our fair share of those investment for the benefit of our customers. That's about $500 million of investment that we're looking to. And the Department of Energy is looking to put those dollars to work and make these pilots a reality, and we're looking to take advantage of that for the benefit of our customers.
 So it's happening. The dollars are being put to work and we're trying to get our share of those dollars. 
Paul Patterson: Okay. But you don't expect any -- do you expect any widespread adoption of those in the near-term? Or beyond just the pilots and the DOE funding and what have you? Is there any sense -- I know it's kind of a big question, so I apologize. I guess -- I mean, do you see the -- how do you -- do you see this as -- what the potential opportunity or threat might be associated with these technologies being deployed? 
Brian Tierney: I don't see it as being strategically disruptive for our industry. These new technologies, it's -- I think it's best to take a crawl-walk-run approach. And you've seen that in other places in the industry, Paul, not as big of a deal for us, but things like carbon capture and sequestration, right, to do it at a plant level, I don't think has been done on a commercial scale in this country with a coal-fired power plant.
 So you look at the new EPA rules, which would either call for that or retirement of the plants, I think if that rule were to go into effect, I think it would cause a lot of plants to retire because the economic technology just isn't there. Some of the things that we're proposing doing on a pilot basis, I think, are best done on a pilot basis. But I don't see any of these technologies at this point strategically disrupting our industry. 
Operator: Next question is coming from Angie Storozynski from Seaport Global. 
Agnieszka Storozynski: So I'm just wondering, so all these additions of data centers, especially those that are reliant on renewable power assume that there's a well-functioning grid with de minimis congestion issues. That doesn't seem right to me at least. And I was starting to hear from other PJM, wires on the utilities that they might be forced to building generation assets, again, and granted not maybe the next year or 2, but in the foreseeable future.
 I mean I understand that, that's a major change to a competitive power market, but those utilities think that, that might be needed for reliability reasons. Is this something you see as well, again, it seems like we're trying to manage a 24/7 load growth with intermittent resources. And I know transmission upgrades are an answer, but I'm just wondering how you see it going forward. 
Brian Tierney: That's a really good question, Angie. We're having more and more discussions with regulators and other companies around the issue that you identified, which we're kind of calling resource adequacy. And certainly, it's something that people are talking more and more about it. You can't just have a robust wire system. You have to have a commodity to put on the wires. And so our 5 states have sort of different stances relative to that.
 For us, in New Jersey and Pennsylvania, we would require legislative changes. In Maryland, there's -- in Ohio, there's an opportunity to -- for utilities to own generation on a very limited basis. And of course, West Virginia is a traditional integrated resource plan state. But for the region altogether, it is an increasingly talked about issue is, will there be enough commodity to put on the wires in the face of the load growth that we're facing and the coal unit retirements that we're facing as well. So there's going to need to be a solution to it.
 For us, in 4 of our states, were mostly wires. I don't think we'd ever be interested in owning generation in those states on a merchant basis. But if a state were to come to us and ask us to build on a regulated basis for a long-term, I think that's something that we'd consider. But I don't think any of our states are near that point right now. 
Agnieszka Storozynski: And then changing topics on interest rates. So we're starting to hear from some of the utilities that they were counting on some tailwinds from interest rates in the back half of the year. I mean that might still happen. But just wondering how do you see your growth plans and your financing plans and especially from an EPS perspective, if we -- if this current interest rate environment were to persist beyond this year? 
K. Taylor: Yes, Angie, so in our plan for this year, the planned coupon rate for all new debt deals was 5.75%. And then we had it elevated through the planning period over the 5 years. And so it is something that we'll keep an eye on. If you look at the 2 bond deals that we've done this year, it's on a blended basis, it's right at 5.75%. So we feel good about that, and I think we'll just have to keep an eye on interest rates. 
Operator: We reached the end of our question-and-answer session. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's teleconference webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-09 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you. Ms. Prezelj, you may begin.
Irene Prezelj: Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome to FirstEnergy’s fourth quarter 2023 earnings review. Our President and Chief Executive Officer, Brian Tierney, will lead our call today and he will be joined by Jon Taylor, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release, presentation slides, and related financial information are available on our website at firstenergycorp.com and we plan to file our Form 10-K next week. Today’s session will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause our results to differ materially from these statements can be found in our SEC filings. The appendix of today’s presentation includes supplemental information, along with the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures. Now, it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Irene. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in FirstEnergy. It's hard for me to believe that I've been with the company for eight months already. Time has flown by, as I've gotten to know the fantastic employees of this company who are dedicated to serving our customers every day. Some of you have heard me say previously that I consider myself to be a good teller of great stories. While our employees have given me a great story to tell for 2023 and I'll do my best to tell it well. This morning, I'll provide an overview of our financial performance for the fourth quarter and full year of 2023. I will discuss some regulatory milestones that we recently achieved. We are also unveiling today an exciting capital investment program focused almost entirely on our wires business. Over the next five years, we plan to invest $26 billion in our regulated system to improve reliability and the customer experience. This represents an increase of more than 44% compared to our last five-year plan. We will maintain our vigilance on affordability as our current rates are below our in-state peers. Jon will provide more detail on this later. For the fourth quarter of 2023, FirstEnergy delivered GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $0.30 per share compared to a loss of $0.71 per share in the fourth quarter of 2022. Operating earnings for the quarter were $0.62 per share, which was above the midpoint of our quarterly guidance range and compared to $0.50 per share in the fourth quarter of 2022. For the year 2023, the company delivered GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $1.96 per share and operating earnings of $2.56 per share, $0.02 above the midpoint of our guidance range. Employees work diligently throughout the year to overcome significant headwinds. The impact of market conditions on our pension plan created an earnings drag of $0.30 per share and unusually mild weather impacted earnings by $0.28 per share. Through our continuous improvement program, employees were able to drive base O&M down over $200 million or 14% versus 2022. Half of those savings are sustainable and this tremendous effort buoyed our full year results by $0.32 per share, allowing us to meet our operating earnings targets. In 2023, the company put $3.7 billion of CapEx to work to improve reliability and the customer experience. This was 16% more than was invested in 2022 and 9% more than budget. 93% of the 2023 CapEx was invested directly into our wires businesses. Our projects and construction organizations were able to take advantage of the improving supply chain environment and the mild weather to put the incremental dollars to work. 2023 was a game-changing year for the company in terms of strengthening its balance sheet to enable future investment and growth and are mostly wires regulated business. In February 2023, the company announced a second transaction with Brookfield to sell 30% of FET for $3.5 billion. With the successful completion of our Pennsylvania consolidation, and the anticipated order approving the filed settlement of the transaction, we are on track to close on this asset sale by the end of March. At that time, we will receive the majority of the proceeds in cash with the balance to be paid before the end of the year. In May, we successfully executed a $1.5 billion convertible debt issuance at a 4% coupon. We used these proceeds to pay down debt and make a $750 million contribution to our pension assets. In late December, we executed a $700 million pension lift-out representing over 8% of our total pension liability and reducing volatility in our pension plan by 10%. Our improved financial condition gave the Board the confidence to raise the targeted dividend payout ratio to 60% to 70% of operating earnings. In September, the Board had the confidence to raise the quarterly dividend for the first time in more than three years. Of course, subject to Board approval, our 2024 plan includes dividend declarations of $1.70 per share versus $1.60 per share in 2023. This represents a 6.25% increase. Going forward, we anticipate growing our dividend with operating earnings growth. The significant improvement in our balance sheet puts FirstEnergy energy in a growth and investment mode. The fact that we do not expect incremental equity to fund our CapEx growth beyond our employee benefit programs differentiates FirstEnergy for many of our peers. We are introducing a $26 billion five-year capital investment program to improve reliability and our customers' experience. We are branding this program, Energize 365 and John will provide more details in his remarks. These investments should enable 9% average annual growth in rate base over the period. We are guiding to $4.3 billion of investment in 2024, an increase of 15% over 2023. Energize 365 represents a significant increase in our investments and rate base with improved earnings quality. We expect to maintain a strong customer affordability position versus our in-state peers. We are reaffirming our 6% to 8% long-term annual operating earnings growth rate. FirstEnergy plans to execute on our long-term growth rate year-by-year. This is why we are announcing a 2024 operating earnings guidance range of $2.61 per share to $2.81 per share. The midpoint is 7% above 2023's operating earnings guidance midpoint. Turning to slide 6. Let's take a look at our regulatory calendar. One of the questions investors have asked is, how will we know what FirstEnergy can obtain fair and reasonable regulatory outcomes? The answer that we have given is, to look for milestones in our near-term results. In 2023 and early 2024, we have achieved several milestones demonstrating constructive regulatory outcomes. Let me highlight a few. As we mentioned in our last call, we received a reasonable outcome in our Maryland distribution rate case. The commission there approved a $29 million revenue increase that supports equity returns of 9.5% and an equity ratio of 53%. We are pleased to serve and invest in Maryland to provide reliable and affordable electricity to our customers. In West Virginia, we filed a settlement in our ENEC case with staff of broad intervener support for a recovery of $255 million over three years with a carrying cost after year one. The settlement has no disallowances. In January of this year, we filed a settlement in our base rate case with staff and broaden and leaner support for $105 million rate adjustment based on a 9.8% allowed ROE and 49.6% equity ratio. This settlement reflects the $700 million increase in rate base since our last base rate case in 2014. Of course, we did not get everything we asked for, but the settlement is fair and constructive and it demonstrates West Virginia as an attractive place to invest for our customers. In New Jersey, JCP&L filed a base rate case settlement last Friday, with staff and broad intervener support that reflects an $85 million rate adjustment based on an ROE of 9.6% and a 52% equity ratio. The settlement reflects the $400 million increase in rate base since our last base rate case in 2021. The settlement will have a modest 3.4% increase in the average residential bill and JCP&L's rates will be 26% below our in-state peers. If approved, the settlement will be a fair and reasonable outcome that will incentivize JCP&L to make investments to improve customer reliability. In Pennsylvania, we received an order in December, improving the consolidation of our Pennsylvania operating companies and approving the transfer of West Pan Power's transmission assets to CATCo. Both transactions were executed on January 1 of this year. We are awaiting commission approval of the filed settlement for the bit minority interest sale, which is anticipated soon. We anticipate filing a base rate case in Pennsylvania by April. For investors looking for milestones of FirstEnergy's ability to receive reasonable and constructive regulatory outcomes, these recent examples provide convincing evidence. In Ohio, we are actively working our way through our ESP 5 and Grid Mod 2 cases. We are fully engaged in the regulatory process with staff and interveners and expect constructive outcomes in both cases. We plan to file a base rate case in May. Turning to slide 7. I want to briefly review the new segment reporting that FirstEnergy will adopt in 2024, to reflect how we are managing the company. Individual companies will not be split among the segments, leading to simplicity and transparency in reporting as well as accountability and management. Our Distribution segment will house our Ohio and Pennsylvania pure-play distribution-only companies. Our Pennsylvania consolidation and the transfer of the West Penn Power transmission assets to KATCo make this segment transparent and clean. This segment will represent about $10.9 billion in rate base serve 4.2 million customers, and account for about 45% of forecasted 2024 operating earnings. A senior executive will lead each of FE Pennsylvania and Ohio. Our integrated business segment will report on JCP&L, Potomac Edison and Mon Power, our companies with combinations of distribution, transmission and generation. This segment will represent about $8.7 billion in rate base, serve 2 million customers, and account for about 35% of forecasted 2024 operating earnings. A senior executive will lead JCP&L and another will leave Mon Power and Potomac Edison. Our last major business segment will be standalone transmission and it will house our pure-play transmission-only companies, consisting of our ownership interest in FET as well as KATCo. This segment will represent about $7.7 billion in consolidated rate base, and account for about 20% of forecasted 2024 operating earnings. One executive will be responsible for these businesses. Finally, the Corporate and Other segment will be similar to the current segment with Aetna. It will report holding company interest, legacy investments, former subsidiaries and pension and OPEB. A recast of 2023 into the new segments is available in our fact book and we will provide quarterly and year-to-date reconciliations throughout 2024. Let me provide some key updates on Slide 8. In regard to the Ohio organized crime investigations Commission, there's nothing new to report. We continue to cooperate with the commission and answer any questions they ask. The deferred prosecution agreement with the DOJ details FirstEnergy's involvement and there is nothing new with respect to the company. In the updated climate strategy published to our corporate responsibility website yesterday, we are providing an update to our greenhouse gas emissions goals. In 2020, we set a goal of achieving net carbon neutrality by 2050, with an interim goal of reducing our Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions by 30% by 2030. Achieving the 2030 interim goal was predicated on meaningful emissions reductions at our Fort Martin and Harrison power plants in West Virginia, which account for approximately 99% of our greenhouse gas emissions. We've identified several challenges to our ability to meet that interim goal, including resource adequacy concerns in the PJM region and state energy policy initiatives. Given these challenges, we have decided to remove our 2030 interim goal. Through regulatory filings in West Virginia, we have forecast the end of the useful life of Fort Martin in 2035 and for Harrison in 2040. We remain focused on achieving our aspirational goal of net carbon neutrality by 2050. In the fourth quarter of last year, we made two-key additions to our leadership team. In November, we announced our hiring of Toby Thomas, as Chief Operating Officer. Toby joined us from American Electric Power, where he spent more than two decades in various leadership positions, including growing and managing one of the largest wires businesses in the country. He is responsible for system planning and protection, transmission, substation and engineering, project and construction management and system operations. Wade Smith joined the company in December, as the President of FirstEnergy Utilities. He was previously the Chief Operating Officer of Puget Sound Energy. Wade brings more than three decades of experience running large-scale multi-state transmission and distribution companies. The presidents of our five operating businesses will report to him. Ohio, Pennsylvania, JCP&L, our standalone transmission business and Mon Power and Potomac Edison. We are actively reviewing internal and external candidates to run these businesses and expect to make hiring announcements in the coming months. Wade and Toby are key additions to the leadership team that will grow and transform this company into a premier electric utility. In 2023, and continuing into 2024, we have made transformational strides to improve the financial strength of FirstEnergy. We have organized our company with a singular focus on growing our five regulated, mostly wires companies. We are making the investments needed to improve reliability and the customer experience. Our strong balance sheet and organic investment opportunities differentiate FirstEnergy for many of our peers. With that, I will turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Taylor: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. I'm also very proud of our performance in 2023, and I'm excited to turn a new page in our company's history. Today, I'll briefly review our 2023 results, but more importantly, discuss our enhanced five-year plan and 2024 guidance. Our results in 2023 speak to our employees' dedication and tremendous performance, which included strategic and transformational initiatives, while doing the hard work to meet our financial commitments in a very challenging year and emerge as a stronger, more nimble company. Since I've been at the company, I can't recall a more challenging year in terms of the financial headwinds we faced including the most abnormal weather conditions that I can remember, the extremely volatile interest rate environment and a significant impact on our pension plan from the interest rate and equity market performance in 2022. But at the same time, our employees demonstrated their grid and resiliency to overcome these adversities while making strategic advancements to improve our operational and financial performance. Fourth quarter operating earnings were $0.62 a share, which is above the midpoint of our guidance. This compares to 2022 fourth quarter operating earnings of $0.50 a share. For the year, operating earnings were $2.56 a year, also above the midpoint of our guidance range. This represents 7% growth of 2022's guidance midpoint and compares favorably to operating earnings of $2.41 a share in 2022. Fourth quarter and full year results are detailed in the strategic and financial highlights document we posted to our IR website last night. As we pointed to throughout the year, we largely offset the headwinds I mentioned earlier through a strong focus on reduced operating expenses across each of our business units. The deployment of proceeds from the low-cost convertible debt offering in the spring and certain tax benefits realized in the third quarter. Our focus on operating expenses across the company resulted in a 14% or over $200 million reduction year-over-year, representing a $0.32 per share year-over-year benefit. As we've discussed, about 50% of that represents unique items or work that was accelerated in 2022 from 2023, the other 50%, which largely includes productivity improvements across the company, lower contractor usage, and reduced corporate spending on areas such as branding and advertising are sustainable reductions to our cost structure. Our 2023 results benefited from our formulary investment programs across our transmission and distribution businesses, which resulted in a $0.20 per share improvement year-over-year. As Brian mentioned, we successfully deployed $3.7 billion of capital in 2023, about $300 million or close to 10% above our original capital investment plan for the year. In our transmission business, earnings increased $0.08 a share or close to 10% for the year, primarily from our investment programs, which resulted in rate base growth of 9% compared to 2022. Formula rate investments in our transmission business were $1.8 billion, an increase of 28% compared to 2022 and $100 million or 6% above our original plan due to emergent projects. In our distribution business, earnings declined year-over-year, primarily from the lower weather-related distribution sales and the lower pension credit I spoke of earlier, but also reflect the impact of our formula rate investment programs, new rates that went into effect in Maryland in mid-October, higher weather-adjusted demand, and lower operating costs that I spoke of. Distribution CapEx of $1.9 billion represents an increase of 5% compared to 2022, and exceeded our original plan by $220 million or 13% as part of our planned increases we announced last year. Finally, in our Corporate segment, 2023 results benefited from lower O&M and a consolidated effective tax rate of about 16% versus nearly 21% in 2022, mostly as a result of planned use of state net operating loss carryforwards. And a final point on 2023, as Brian discussed, we executed a $700 million pension lift-out in December, representing about 8% of our total pension liability associated with our former generation subsidiaries. Removing this obligation from our balance sheet at a 5% discount will reduce future earnings volatility related to fluctuations in pension assets and liabilities and lowers overall pension plan costs. We will continue pursuing opportunities to further derisk the pension plan through additional lift-outs and pursuing pension tracking mechanisms through the regulatory process. Now, let's shift gears and talk about our outlook going forward. We are very pleased to introduce our five-year financial plan supporting our commitments to our investors, including 6% to 8% long-term annual operating earnings growth with significantly improved earnings quality, investment-grade credit metrics, and dividend growth in line with earnings growth. The cornerstone of this plan is a robust Energized 365 grid evolution investment plan of $26 billion, with approximately 75% of planned investments in formula rate programs that provide real-time returns. The plan includes increasing annual investments in our transmission and distribution system each year, resulting in 9% average annual rate base growth. Energize 365 supersedes our long-standing Energizing the Future transmission program, which we're sunsetting after a decade of strong performance. Our planned targets investments that improve the customer experience and supports the energy transition or new load requirements, while ensuring a fair and reasonable regulated return for our investors. The capital program is 45% weighted in FERC-regulated transmission investments in our stand-alone transmission and integrated businesses, and includes investments to enhance and upgrade the transmission system, add operational flexibility to support projects like New Jersey offshore wind and new data center load and regulatory required projects. On the distribution system, the plan includes investments by our distribution and integrated segments to improve the customer experience through reliability enhancements, grid modernization and clean energy investments such as smart meter deployment, distribution automation and energy efficiency programs. This comprehensive five-year instrument plan is very solid with flexibility to adjust as projects and programs emerge. Over the next couple of years, we anticipate an increase in earnings from our formula rate investment programs and as we rerate base distribution rates for over $19 billion of state regulated rate base. Our plan builds off the approved or settled base rate cases in Maryland, West Virginia and New Jersey, our integrated segment, representing $7 billion in rate base that was earnings 400 basis points below the allowed returns, as well as scheduled base rate cases in Pennsylvania and Ohio later this year, where we have $12 billion in projected rate base in our distribution segment. It is also forecasted to be under earning. The true-up of returns will allow us to earn closer to our allowed regulated returns and to significantly improve the earnings quality of the company with the expected declines in the earnings contribution from Signal Peak. In longer term, annual rate base growth with planned investments in formula rate programs, more timely recovery of base capital investments and cost discipline with our operating expenses will result in less regulatory lag than we've seen historically with modest and reasonable customer bill impacts. We expect our utilities to maintain their strong affordability position and keep rates at/or below our in-state peers. Energize 365 will be funded with cash from operations, which we expect to average $4 billion-plus annually, building off our 2024 cash flow projections, as well as regulated long-term debt issuances and a portion of the $3.5 billion in proceeds from the FET transaction. And our plan does not include any incremental equity needs beyond our existing employee equity programs and it supports FFO to debt of 14% to 15% and FE Corp debt at/or below 20% of total debt. Our 2024 guidance range of $2.61 to $2.81 a share represents a 7% increase off the midpoint of our 2023 guidance, which will largely be back-end loaded given the timing of new rates in West Virginia and New Jersey and O&M mark plan for Q1 of this year. With this in mind, our projection for the first quarter are operating earnings of $0.48 a share to $0.58 a share. To give you some color on the year-over-year increase, our midpoint of $2.71 a share reflects 12% consolidated regulated growth offset by a decline in Signal Peak's earnings contribution. The increase reflects new rates and investments largely from approved or settled base rate cases in our integrated segment, where we anticipate new rates for our West Virginia and New Jersey settlements to be implemented late in the first quarter and ongoing formula rate investments in each of our businesses. A return to normal weather-related customer demand, higher operating expenses reflecting the timing of O&M activities that I spoke of earlier, and new depreciation rates on our fossil generating facilities as part of the settlement we reached in West Virginia.  It's important to note that our 2024 planned O&M is $140 million or 10% below 2022 levels. And when you adjust for timing such as planned generation outages, our O&M is $100 million or 6% below 2022, reflecting permanent cost reductions. Other drivers include improved earnings quality from the lower earnings contribution from our Signal Peak mining asset and a higher effective tax rate. The dilution from the FET transaction is largely offset by lower interest expense, representing planned debt retirements and interest income from the vendor take-back note as part of the FET transaction. Our $4.3 billion capital investment plan for this year represents a 16% increase compared to 2023. And is largely funded with $4 billion in cash from operations, which has improved year-over-year from several unique items that occurred in 2023, such as the $750 million pension contribution, contract termination costs and severance and employee separation costs, as well as increases from growth and cost recovery in our regulated businesses and improved working capital. With the improvement in cash flow, closing on our FET minority interest sale and deployment of those proceeds, we're targeting 14% to 15% FFO to debt by year-end. 2023 was a challenging but remarkable year, a year of significant transition, innovation and improvement with outstanding operational and financial execution from our 12,000 employees. Today, our company is a much stronger position, and we have a comprehensive plan for continued growth. Thank you for your time today. But before we go to Q&A, I'll turn the call back over to Brian.
Brian Tierney: Thank you all for joining us today. I'm excited about our company. We're building a strong track record of execution. We have a fantastic business model and a robust plan for the future. Starting with the initial Brookfield and Blackstone investments announced in late 2021, we have significantly improved the balance sheet via $7 billion in equity capital, and it was raised in a very shareholder-friendly manner, the equivalent of issuing common equity at $87 per share. In the past year, we've achieved several important regulatory milestones, representing constructive outcomes for FirstEnergy and our customers. This includes $219 million of increased revenues through base rate cases that will fuel our investments in reliable and affordable service. Energize 365, our five-year $26 billion investment plan is an increase of more than 44% from our previous five-year capital investment plan and it's funded with organic internal cash flow and utility debt, not incremental equity. We have a long-term 6% to 8% annual operating earnings growth trajectory with significantly improved earnings quality. This tremendous work together with the cultural changes and focus on continuous improvement has transformed our company. We have accomplished a lot and we're committed to executing on our plan to deliver the full value of this company to shareholders. Now, let's open the call to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Brian Tierney: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning, morning. Just, Brian, good to see the roll forward of the 6% to 8%. I guess as we're thinking about some of the sort of the earnings headwinds like Signal Peak becoming sort of immaterial next year and potential maybe future pension drag, I guess, any sense on how we should think about the linearity of that growth off the 2024 base, could we see some maybe near-term gyrations around the 6% to 8%? Or you have enough contingencies to maintain that linearity?
Brian Tierney: Shar, it's going to be really linear. We're not going to see much volatility. We're getting back to where a normal utility should look like. We're going to be investing in our regulated properties. And obviously, a lot of that recovery is going to come through formula-based rates. So that is -- tends to be linear, about 75% through formula-based rates. And then we're going to be regularly going in for rate cases. And it's just the normal cadence of how a utility operates. You invest, you operate, you recover and you finance. And that's the cadence that we're going to be on.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And the 9% rate base growth is obviously very solid. Is there still I guess, some incremental CapEx opportunities we should be thinking about in the five-year plan. I know, obviously, Jon highlighted some flexibility there in the prepareds, and then any sort of rule of thumb we should think about if there is incremental equity -- incremental CapEx? Could it come with incremental equity? Or you have enough cushion in the credit metrics to not have to tap the equity markets even if there's incremental CapEx?
Brian Tierney: Yes. I think we have enough cushion for sure. And we're seeing things like the PJM Open Window 3 that we responded to, where the team worked really hard to put together a solution in a short period of time, and we were able to garner over $800 million of incremental investment through that opportunity. I see more of those coming. They're not in our capital plan yet, and they won't be until we win the projects. But there's significant amounts of new CapEx that's not in our plan that I anticipate will see coming down, and we'll be able to fund that through a combination of cash flow from operations, debt equity issuances and things like the $3.5 billion of equity that's going to come into our system in 2024 from the transaction. So we're ready to fund these incremental CapEx, the way a traditional utility would without having to see much access for equity from the equity capital markets.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. And I think – sorry...
Brian Tierney: No, no. I would just reiterate kind of what you said. I mean had we not done the transactions over the course of the last couple of years, raising $7 billion of equity capital, really at the equivalent of a 36 times PE multiple, we wouldn't be in this position today. I think a lot of it depends on formula rate CapEx versus base capital. I think if you look at some of our utility capital structures, they have equity layers that are a little bit better than our targeted equity capital structure. So we have some flexibility in the plan.
Shar Pourreza : Perfect. And just real quick, lastly, on just -- Brian, I think you answered this, but on the OOCIC process. It doesn't sound like there's any updates its status close. So is it fair to assume -- I haven't seen the K yet, but when it's released, we shouldn't see anything surprising in that.
Brian Tierney: Yes. No surprises at all, Shar. Status quo, they ask questions, we answer them, and nothing new with regards to the company from what was disclosed in the deferred prosecution agreement.
Shar Pourreza : Fantastic guys. Really Brian, awesome execution. Appreciate it.
Brian Tierney: Thanks, Shar.
Operator: Our next question is from Gregg Orrill with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Gregg Orrill: Yes. Thanks. Congratulations on rolling out the new plan.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Gregg.
Gregg Orrill: So, just on cash from operations guidance. Is the guidance that the new base for growth is $4 billion and you grow off of that? Or it that's the average over the plan and there's sort of -- it's down and then you're above that level toward the end of the plan?
Jon Taylor: Yes, Gregg, this is Jon. In all years, it will be $4 billion or more of cash from operations. Some of it will be just growth in our regulated programs, offset by maybe some changes in working capital. But on average, over the five-year period, it will be north of $4 billion.
Gregg Orrill : Okay. Maybe just a follow-up for Brian. How do you sort of reconcile the idea of coming forward with the new plan that adds such a significant amount of new capital to the prior plan?
Brian Tierney: We're in a different place, Gregg. The work that's been done on the balance sheet since 2021, as we laid out, has been truly transformative. For the first time, I think, in the company's history, we're not distracted by M&A. We don't have a competitive arm. We have a strong balance sheet with the opportunity to invest in our regulated, mostly wires companies that, to be honest with, we got behind in the capital investment in them. And that's why our rate base is lower. It's why our rates are lower. And it's why we have some significant opportunities with regards to reliability and the customer experience.  We are here for the first time, ready, willing and able to put the money into our regulated properties for the benefit of our customers, and it is a significant difference from what you've seen in the past.
Gregg Orrill : Okay. Thanks a lot. Appreciate it.
Brian Tierney: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Nicholas Campanella with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey, good morning. Happy Friday. Thanks for all the updates. I guess, just to follow-up on Gregg's question, because the CapEx raise is pretty material across the board, obviously it's good to see, Just how should we kind of think about customer bill growth to achieve this plan, as it relates to just the upcoming filings and then just through the plan as well, please?
Brian Tierney: Yes. So we think the increases will be in the single-digit for most of the time for the five-year period. If you look Nicholas, at Page 23 in the fact book that we put out there in New Jersey through West Virginia and Maryland, our rates are 22% to 30% below our in-state peers. And in Ohio, they're -- and in Pennsylvania, they're 3% to 7% below our in-state peers. A lot of that in New Jersey, West Virginia, Maryland represents opportunities to invest in the rate base and improve the customer experience. But also more importantly, if you look at things like customer affordability between 1997 and 2022, our customers' electricity share of wallet has decreased to 1.3% from 1.6%. So, when we talk to smart people who cover our industry and they say that you need to start getting concerned when you're at 4% to 5% share of your customers' wallet, we're nowhere near that. And electricity, whether it's for home heating, whether it's to power your vehicles or whatever, still represents a considerable value for the customers in the states we serve.
Jon Taylor: Nick, this is Jon and I'll just add on to that. If you look at the cases where we have approvals or settlements on file in our integrated business, if you just kind of compare to where we were since the last rate case, it's an average of 1% or 1% lower than the last time, if you do that on an annual basis. And in fact, if you step back a little bit more and just look at the increases in customer bills over the last couple of years, most of that is generation related. And if we were to snap the line today with new generation service, for instance, in Ohio and Pennsylvania, you would see bill decreases of somewhere between 4% and 8%.
Nicholas Campanella: Got it. That's helpful. And then I guess just kind of a similar question on what's embedded in the plan here. And I'm just thinking about earned ROEs, obviously, New Jersey is pretty low here, that will improve with the settlement. How do we think about kind of Ohio? And if you get an improvement versus your slides here, is that baked into the plan or just how should we kind of think about that?
Brian Tierney: Yes. As we talked about, the next couple of years will be very important as we true-up our state-regulated returns to more of their allowed return. So, I think about Ohio and Pennsylvania, which will be next to file. Ohio right now is earning sub-6%. Some of that is weather-driven, but we do see an opportunity to true-up the return there. And then in Pennsylvania, although it's above 9%, a lot of the O&M that's coming back in the system will be in our Pennsylvania company, which will reduce the ROE there. And we use a projected test year for our Pennsylvania company. So, you'll be adding about $1 billion of rate base between where it is today and the filing that we'll make later this year.
Nicholas Campanella: Okay. And then just one last one, just on the load growth, 1% embedded in the plan. Places at PJM have just continued to see demand revisions higher and I'm just wondering if that's conservative at all?
Brian Tierney: So, like capital projects and other things, we don't want to put forecast growth in until we're seeing it and we're seeing it at about that 1% range. As things develop and go forward, like you've seen data centers in PJM and the like, we think we're going to get that here. You're seeing it to the south of us, you're seeing it to the east of us, and I think that migration will continue into our service territory. In fact, we fully believe it will. And then as you see other things like electrification of transportation and the like, I think there is some upside in the loan growth, we just don't want to bake it into the plan until we're seeing it in our confident that it's coming.
Nicholas Campanella: All right. Thanks a lot. Have a great day.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Nicolas. You too.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Sullivan: Hi, everyone. Hey, guys thanks for all the new disclosures. Just in terms of -- you mentioned milestones on the regulatory front. How should we think about Grid Mod II and the ESP playing out over the next couple of months? And how, if any, that can inform the base rate filing coming in May in Ohio?
Brian Tierney: Yeah. So, we're working those regulatory processes, and you're going to see that from us. You're going to see certain things are in flight and certain things are coming, and look for us to be making progress on what's in flight, and that will foreshadow what's coming down the road. ESP V and Grid Mod II, we're working through those regulatory processes. I was reviewing last night, and we'll file today, our post-hearing briefing on ESP V, and we expect a constructive outcome there as we do in Grid Mod II. But regulatory tends not to move very fast. These are months long processes. And we think that the processes in both ESP V and Grid Mod II are constructive. And we anticipate it will be the same, but an actually longer process for our base rate case, which we'll file in April of this year. So we're just moving along. Things are happening as they should, and we're getting these constructive outcomes. 
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Great. And then just on pension and limiting volatility there. Can you just give a sense on where we go forward, how much more lift out can potentially be done? And then just how you're feeling about ability to implement mechanisms? I know there were some language around that in some of the cases you already had, but nothing too prescriptive, I don't think. So, yeah, just the path forward on limiting pension volatility? Thank you.
Jon Taylor: Yeah, Michael. So we have another $700 million of former generation pension liabilities that we're looking at right now as to whether or not we should execute a lift-out transaction, something that we'll likely do this year if the market conditions warrant that. And then on the regulatory front, as we talked about before, some of these things take a couple of bites at the apple before we can get them in place. We did get authority to at least make a filing in West Virginia and New Jersey as part of the settlements. And we'll be thoughtful once we go through that process and get a final order on the cases as to the next steps there.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Great. Thanks. Just last one, maybe a little more philosophical, but just seeing how the reporting season has gone so far, I think we've seen a lot of your peers going the other direction in terms of dividend payout and growth. And I know you're coming from a different starting point, but maybe just how you think about that in the context of the sector not trading well, and just other levers that you have, how you thought about continuing to grow the dividend with earnings and the payout where you have it?
Brian Tierney: Yeah. So we are at a different place than our peers. Announcing the increase that we did in September, the first in over three years, it's time to start rewarding our shareholders with dividend increases. And we felt that now is the time to do that. So September and anticipated in 2024, increases there as well. It's time for us to treat our shareholders the way utility companies traditionally do. And we're in a place where we're going to be growing the dividend with earnings over time. Our balance sheet is healthy. We don't have the equity needs that some of our peers do because of the transactions that we've done over the last three years or so. So we're in a different place and where some of our peers are, and we think it's a really good place.
Michael Sullivan: Great. Thank you.
Brian Tierney: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning.
Brian Tierney: Good morning, Jeremy. How are you today?
Jeremy Tonet: Good, good. Thank you. Just wanted to dive in a little bit more on the guide here, talking about rate-based CAGR of 9% relative to 6% to 8% EPS CAGR without additional equity needs. So it's just looking to kind of marry those two data points, given the stronger pace of rate-based growth there. If there's anything else we should be thinking about, especially the signal peak and pension OPEB become a smaller part of the equation?
Brian Tierney: It's really the things that we mentioned in our remarks. It's going in for base rate cases and updating rate base, updating returns, cost structure, and those things that haven't been done in some time. You know, the three cases, Maryland, New Jersey, and West Virginia that we've just been in, Pennsylvania and Ohio coming up this year, it's a significant amount of updating the regulatory process and recovery, and then increasing, as we've announced today with Energize 365, the CapEx that we're going to be investing in our regulated properties going forward. So it's the way utility operations should work. And I repeat this over and over again internally. You invest in your properties and your people. You operate safely, reliably, affordably. You go in for recovery. And if you've done invest and operate well, the recovery component goes better when you're in front of our regulators. And then we come before investors and we tell them the story that we put together on those first three components and financing the companies easier as well. So we're in a place where we're at the beginning of what I call that virtuous cycle and the success that we've had and the rate cases that I discussed in my prepared remarks show that we're getting those fair and constructive outcomes, and we anticipate that going forward in the plan as well. It all holds together as a credible story where we're having success at the beginning point of that.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Maybe to rephrase the question slightly, just if the rate-based CAGR is 9%, are there any other drags besides lag to make EPS growth only 6% to 8%? Or is that a degree of conservatism?
Jon Taylor: So Jeremy, I would say it this year, just as you saw in 2024, the 2024 guide, you saw the step down in signal peak from $0.24 to $0.12. You'll see another step down from 2024 to 2025, but at the same time, that's when we're truing up these rate bases that I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the $7 billion this year, the $12 billion that we'll file in Pennsylvania and Ohio for this year. And then after that, it's more traditional rate base growth, a little bit of regulatory lag, but we're going to do everything we can to minimize any difference between our earned returns and our allowed returns.
Brian Tierney: I think it's important to note that the part that Jon mentioned about pension and Signal Peak decreasing, as they decrease and as the traditional regulatory component of our growth increases, our earnings quality improves, and that happens really, really quickly in our plan. So that's also a benefit. It's not just growing earnings, it's a reduced risk profile as well.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thank you for that. Very helpful. And then I just wanted to go back, I guess, to customer bill impacts. And I think you quoted some helpful numbers there as far as share of wallet that the bill will represent in New Jersey. But I just want to see, I guess, in Pennsylvania, Ohio, is it kind of similar share of wallet expectations over the forecast period? Or any color you can provide there?
Jon Taylor: It is. That was -- the numbers that I gave you of share of wallet was an average across our five states. So -- and it's not significantly different in any one of those, but it's very, very low.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Very helpful. I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
Brian Tierney: Thanks, Jeremy.
Operator: Due to time constraints, we ask to you please limit to one question. Our next question comes from Michael Lonegan with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lonegan: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Brian Tierney: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Lonegan: So you've talked about some sustainable O&M you've taken out of your business and a larger increase this year and then have to that account for less than 2% increases over time. Given the significant ramp-up in CapEx over the years of your planning period, presumably, you'd have to expand your workforce or use of contractors is my guess to work on complete all those projects. I was just wondering, how are you planning on managing your O&M within that 2% increase level? Is there room to take out more existing costs out of the business?
Brian Tierney: So I'll say this. A lot of what we talked about is actually CapEx that we're increasing. So it's not directly related to O&M. We recognize there's an O&M tail that's associated with any incremental CapEx, but we're going to be very, very focused on continuous improvement. And it's going to be part of our story that we're going to tell every time we're getting together going forward about how -- what we've been able to do and how we've been able to reduce O&M through continuous improvement. And it's just going to be part of our story going forward like it was in 2023. And you see well-functioning premium utilities are always talking about what they're doing in that regard. And we've had success here in our recent past doing that, and we anticipate that going forward.
Michael Lonegan: Great. Thank you very much.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question.
Angie Storozynski: Good morning.
Brian Tierney: Good morning.
Angie Storozynski: Good morning. Just a bigger picture question. So investors seem excited about the load growth accelerating loan growth associated with data centers, the obvious way to play this trend, this through generation companies, but also through vertically integrated utilities that actually own generation. You guys except for Virginia, a wires-only business. And I'm just wondering if you do expect to have this secondary benefit associated with the load growth, again, translating into either higher T&D CapEx, or maybe improved affordability because of higher volumes. I mean, you name it. Just wondering if you see that benefit accruing to you as well.
Brian Tierney: Thank you for the question, Angie. We absolutely do. And you're right, being mostly a wires company, certainly in four of our five states. We don't have as much of the generation opportunity. But I mentioned in my remarks, or in answer to an earlier question, the opportunity that we had associated with the PJM Open Window 3 for incremental transmission investment over $800 million. I had the pleasure of going out to our Maryland service territory late last year and got to go see what's going on at that quantum loophole data center development, it is unbelievable what's going on out there. They are recreating something that's on the scale of the data center footprint in Northern Virginia, out kind of in the hills of Western Maryland. And it's at a site of a former aluminum smelter out there. So you have these high-voltage transmission lines that go and just stop in the middle of space where the smelter used to be and where they're investing, they're turning dirt, they're moving ground right now, to build one of the largest data center complexes in the world. So we're seeing it in Maryland. It's going to be coming to Pennsylvania, in Ohio for us as well, and we're hopeful for New Jersey and West Virginia over time. So, it's coming, and it's real, and it does create incremental investment opportunities for us.
Angie Storozynski : And then just one last follow-up. So you mentioned affordability. Your rates are obviously so much lower than your peers. Your assets seem underinvested when you look at rate base per customer. But I'm just wondering because all of these investments or acceleration of investment happens in a low power price environment, given the load growth, the low power price environment is not sustainable. So, I'm just wondering what happens to that investment plan when power prices go up meaningfully. And so the customer bill meaningful increases because of that commodity component.
Brian Tierney: So it's a good question, Angie. I think we've already seen some of that associated with things like the war in Ukraine and the like. And we saw that in some of the polar prices that we have when we went out for auctions during the period when we thought prices were going to be really, really high because of what's going on in Europe. And some of those price spikes went through to our customers, really in Ohio, beginning like the day I started on June 1 of last year. So we saw some of those price spikes go through to customer rates, and now they're coming off. As John mentioned earlier, we're having auctions that are printing lower prices and those lower prices are passing through to our customers. So I don't see that as being a big concern. There are some things that are moderating that impact. And again, our prices are so low. The share of wallet is so low for us that electricity still represents a significant value to customers in all five of our states.
Angie Storozynski : Great. Thank you.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Angie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Hey guys. Congratulations.
Brian Tierney: Good morning Paul.
Paul Patterson: Just wanted to sort of touch base again, I apologize, on this this single-digit increase, is that rates or is it bills? And can you be a little bit more specific in terms of what that means -- obviously, there's a big range there, right? Just a little bit more elaboration as to what you see sort of the rate trajectory range being associated with the with what you're planning long-term?
Jon Taylor: Paul, so this is Jon. So, I would tell you that as we think about the cases that we filed this year, the increases since the last rate case are single-digits, like low, low single digits. So, on average--
Paul Patterson: New Jersey was 3.4%.
Jon Taylor: Yes. But on an average basis since the last rate case, it's probably less than 1% a year.
Paul Patterson: And that's what you see going forward? Is that -- when you -- low single-digits is what you guys been?
Jon Taylor: Well, I think you got to think of it this way, we haven't been in for a rate case in Pennsylvania for quite some time. Ohio, we haven't been in almost over a decade. So, I do think there'll be some increases there. But when you average it out since the time of the last rate case, it's very manageable.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then finally, on Grid Mod, do you see any settlement possibility? I know you guys sort of had thought about that before. There was sort of a delay in staff testimony. It looks like you're now talking about hearings. You expect that to be fully litigated at this point?
Brian Tierney: Look, we're always open to the settlement option and think that's always preferable. If we're going to go to hearing like we have in ESP 5, we're okay with that. We think we'll get positive outcomes. And in any regard, Paul, the settlement discussions that we have start to frame people's positions for where they'll be at the table at a hearing. And so we view it as being a constructive process even if we have to go to hearing.
Paul Patterson: Okay. I'll leave it there. Thanks so much guys. Have a good weekend.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Paul. Thanks. You too.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
David Arcaro: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I was just wondering, could you refresh us on any strategic options that might be available for the Signal Peak business as you're thinking about that now?
Jon Taylor: In this environment, there's not a lot of options. Obviously, we look at that quite frequently. It's not a core business for us. We've looked at that in the past several times, it's just -- there's not a lot of buyers out there. And so the options are fairly limited. But if you think about it in the grand scheme of things, it's going to be such a de minimis part of our company moving forward that it's not going to have the same impact that it's had the last couple of years.
David Arcaro: Of course, great. That makes sense. Thanks.
Brian Tierney: Thanks David.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sophie Karp with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Sophie Karp: Hi, good morning. Thank you for squeezing me in here.
Brian Tierney: Good morning Sophie.
Sophie Karp: Most of my questions have been answered -- most of my questions have been answered. Maybe I can just ask you about the balance sheet. Are you completely happy with the balance sheet shape at this point? And if not, what are the incremental goals here in terms of credit ratings, incremental balance sheet strength? Or are you completely satisfied that you kind of done?
Brian Tierney: Yes. Thank you for the question, Sophie. We are really pleased with the shape of the balance sheet at this point. We're going to get the incremental $3.5 billion in the door in 2024, most of that coming in March of this year anticipated with the Brookfield transaction, that caps off what's a total of about a $7 billion raise over the last three years. That work has been intentional and purposeful by the Board and the management team even before I got here, for sure, to strengthen that balance sheet. So we'd be in the position that we are today to be able to invest the way that we've laid out for you today in our regulated properties. We anticipate by the end of 2024 being at 2024 of being at a 14% to 15% FFO to that range. And we're anticipating rating agency positive actions associated with the strength of our balance sheet. So we're really, really pleased with where we are from a balance sheet strength situation.
Jon Taylor: Yes. And Sophie, I would just add, if you think about where the company has come from withholding company debt probably in the 30% plus range, Today, it's 26% with a plan to get it to 20% or better by 2026. And that's a strong story. And it really started back in late 2021 when we announced the – the equity transactions with Blackstone and Brookfield and then we followed it up with a second transaction with FET for another $3.5 billion. And we all did that in a very shareholder-friendly way. So we're excited about where the balance sheet is headed, and we wouldn't have this capital plan without the strong balance sheet that we have.
Sophie Karp: Got it. Thank you so much.
Jon Taylor: Thank you, Sophie.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, good morning. Thanks you squeezing me in. I had five questions, Shar ask them all though. But just, I guess, quickly -- you've had a big eight months. I appreciate the CapEx update. It seems that you've accomplished a lot of what you were planning. Just the year ahead, what should we expect?
Brian Tierney: So I think more of the same, Anthony, thank you for the question. So we've talked about how we're reorganizing the company about how we're changing the segment reporting to reflect that. I mentioned some of the key hires that we made at the end of 2023, we have six more key hires that we need to make. The five people to run our major businesses and a shared services executive that we're looking for as well. So as we make progress on that, we'll then have the team ready to help move in the direction that we've laid out for you. And execute against the plan that we've described today. So it's really getting the right people in the right seats to manage the company the way that we've laid out for you and execute against the fantastic plan that we have.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Again, congrats. Thanks again for taking the question.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Anthony.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And this concludes today's conference for today. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you. Ms. Prezelj, you may begin.
Irene Prezelj: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to FirstEnergy’s third quarter 2023 earnings review. Our President and Chief Executive Officer, Brian Tierney, will lead our call today and he will be joined by Jon Taylor, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release, presentation slides and related financial information are available on our website at firstenergycorp.com. Today’s session will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause our results to differ materially from these statements can be found in our SEC filings. The appendix of today’s presentation includes supplemental information, along with the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures. Now, it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Irene and good morning everyone. Today, I will discuss third quarter and year-to-date results, some key developments over the last few months and our outlook for the future. For the third quarter, we delivered GAAP earnings of $0.74 per share versus $0.58 last year. Operating earnings for the third quarter were strong at $0.88 per share at the upper end of our guidance range and compared favorably to $0.79 per share last year. Our financial performance was a result of discipline and operating expenses as well as execution of our regulated capital investment plan to improve system resiliency and reliability. Also, as previewed on the second quarter call, we realized a tax benefit in the quarter related to a state tax adjustment, which reduced our effective tax rate to 17% for the year-to-date period. Our service territory continued to experience very mild temperatures impacting earnings by $0.06 per share compared to last year. In addition, quarterly results were impacted by lower pension credit and higher financing costs, primarily as a result of higher debt balances used to fund our capital investment program. Through strong execution by our treasury group, our consolidated long-term borrowing rate remained essentially flat. For the year-to-date period, we reported GAAP earnings of $1.66 per share versus $1.42 per share last year. Operating earnings for the 9-month period were $1.94 per share compared to $1.91 in 2022. As you know, we have faced some headwinds in 2023 from both the impact of market conditions to our pension plan and the impact of the extremely mild temperatures on distribution sales. Our employees have risen to these challenges by focusing on the things within our control, allowing us to meet our financial commitments despite these headwinds. Examples include demonstrating financial discipline. Our employees were able to reduce base O&M by over $130 million or 13% year-over-year by executing on various continuous improvement initiatives. Employees executed on our capital plan with CapEx increasing $410 million year-to-date, mostly in transmission, which is 50% ahead of 2022 levels. Our treasury organization executed on a strategic low cost of capital, convertible debt issuance that was used to retire high cost debt and fund our pension. Jon will discuss these drivers and others in more detail in just a few minutes. The key takeaway is that we have had tremendous operational and financial execution to allow us to meet our targets. We intend to build on this performance, continue to change our culture and improve resiliency and reliability for our customers. We are providing a fourth quarter guidance range of $0.55 to $0.65 per share, which assumes normal weather. We are also narrowing our 2023 operating earnings guidance range to $2.49 per share to $2.59 per share from our original range of $2.44 per share to $2.64. In addition, we are reaffirming our 6% to 8% targeted long-term growth rate off of the original midpoint of prior year’s guidance. Before I move to key developments in the quarter, I want to address a couple of other topics. First, I want to briefly address the Ohio Organized Crime Investigation Commission, subpoena. We have no new material update at this time, and we continue to cooperate with the commission and address their questions. Their focus continues to be on activities that were detailed in the deferred prosecution agreement with nothing new. FirstEnergy has taken full responsibility for those activities and implemented corrective actions to ensure that those type of activities never happen again. We will continue to cooperate with the OOCIC as we focus on executing our strategy and fulfilling our vision to transform FirstEnergy into a top-performing utility. The last subject before we move on is that I believe we are uniquely well positioned for the current interest rate environment. We expect to close on the FET transaction early next year and to receive the full proceeds of $3.5 billion in 2024 with the majority funded at close. In addition, our debt maturities are light over the next couple of years, on average, approximating 6% of our total debt outstanding. This positioning supports our robust capital plan. This year, we are on track for $3.7 billion in capital investments, up from our original plan of $3.4 billion. In 2024 and 2025, our planned capital investments are $3.9 billion and $4.1 billion, respectively. This brings our total capital investments over the 3-year period to approximately $12 billion. This capital investment plan is comprised of 47% transmission and 51% distribution, supporting 7% rate base growth over the period and we’re reviewing additional investments to serve our customers. Turning to Slide 6. Let’s review some recent key developments. In September, our Board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.41 per share payable December 1. This represents a 5% increase compared to the quarterly payments of $0.39 per share paid since March of 2020. The increase corresponds with our targeted payout ratio of 60% to 70% that was approved by the Board earlier this year. It sets the stage for future dividend growth that is aligned with our long-term operating earnings growth as we continue to work – as we continue working to enhance value for investors. During the quarter, we also achieved some important regulatory milestones that support our strategy of investing to improve reliability, resiliency and the customer experience. On October 18, the Maryland Public Service Commission approved our distribution base rate case including a $28 million revenue increase that supports equity returns of 9.5% and an equity ratio of 53%. We are pleased with this outcome, which support continued investments in the state and helps us deliver on our commitment to providing dependable and affordable electricity to our customers in Potomac Edison’s Maryland service territory. We are also excited to move forward with the first of our 3 utility-scale solar generation sites in West Virginia, totaling 30 megawatts of capacity. Our proposal, along with the small construction surcharge was approved by the West Virginia Public Service Commission in August. We plan to seek approval from the PSC to build an additional 2 solar sites, representing another 20 megawatts once customer subscriptions reach the 85% threshold. Jon will address the regulatory items and discuss the progress we’re making with other filings, including the Pennsylvania consolidation case and our rate proceedings in New Jersey, Ohio and West Virginia. We are focused on making the necessary investments in our regulated businesses, our employees and in systems and our systems to enhance the customer experience and create new opportunities from the energy transition. To execute that vision, we are shifting decision-making and accountability closer to where the work is being done to serve customers. We are making progress to fill several key executive positions in an organization that will be structured to allow greater execution at the business unit level. In the near future, we expect to announce a President, FirstEnergy Utilities, as well as a Chief Operating Officer. President, FirstEnergy Utilities, will oversee 5 business unit executives who will lead our state operations and our stand-alone transmission companies. In our new organization, the business unit executives will have P&L responsibility and will be accountable for regulatory direction and outcomes as well as operational performance. The Chief Operating Officer, will lead the customer experience group and a range of T&D functions, including planning, construction, system operations, safety and compliance. Five months into my role, I’m more excited than ever about the future of FirstEnergy. We are building a strong foundation of operational and financial excellence. We are using our strengthened balance sheet to invest in our people and our system for reliability, resiliency and in support of the energy transition. We are poised to capitalize on these opportunities to continue to grow the company and create a strong investment opportunity for investors. Thank you for joining us today. I look forward to seeing many of you at the EEI Conference next month and talking more about the progress we’re making at FirstEnergy. Now I will turn the call over to Jon for more financial detail.
Jon Taylor: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. We had a strong quarter, which showcased our commitment to operational excellence and financial discipline. This work enabled us to offset the impact of continued unseasonably mild temperatures across our service territory and deliver operating results near the top-end of our guidance. In addition, we’re also making good progress on our regulatory initiatives, which I’ll review in more detail in a few minutes. Let’s start with a review of our financial performance. As Brian mentioned earlier, third quarter GAAP earnings were $0.74 a share and operating earnings were $0.88 a share. This compares to 2022 third quarter GAAP earnings of $0.58 a share and operating earnings of $0.79 a share. And on a year-to-date basis, operating earnings are $1.94 a share compared to $1.91 a share in 2022 despite significant headwinds from our pension plan and lower weather-related distribution sales. Our performance in large part is due to intense focus on our operating expenses. Lower company-wide O&M improved operating results by $0.08 a share in the third quarter and $0.21 a share on a year-to-date basis, representing a 13% reduction when compared to the first 9 months of 2022. And our expectation for the full year is an O&M reduction of roughly 15% versus 2022 levels. About 50% of that is unique in nature, including spending we accelerated in 2022, with the other 50% being sustainable cost reductions that we will build upon in 2024 and beyond, primarily related to improved productivity across the entire organization, reduced use of contractors and lower spending on branding and advertising, just to name a few. We’re also running ahead of plan with capital spending in both our transmission and distribution businesses. Strong planning and execution across our operations and supply chain teams as well as the need to respond to more severe and capital-intensive storm events, resulted in an increase to our 2023 forecasted capital investment of nearly $300 million to $3.7 billion from our original plan of $3.4 billion. Looking now at the drivers for each of our business units for the third quarter. Results in our distribution business benefited from the diligent focus on operating expenses as well as our formula rate capital investment programs and rate structures. Together, these helped to offset the impact of a lower pension credit, higher financing costs, mostly associated with new debt issuances and the impact of mild weather on distribution sales. Mild summer temperatures with cooling degree days 17% lower than the third quarter of 2022 and 6% below normal drove a 3% decrease in total customer demand and impacted earnings by $0.06 a share compared to last year. Sales to residential customers decreased nearly 4% compared to the third quarter of 2022 resulting from a 6% decrease due to the mild summer weather, partially offset by a 2% increase on a weather-adjusted basis. Year-to-date, weather-adjusted usage in this customer class is about 2% higher than our forecast and last year, and about 5% higher than 2019 pre-pandemic levels. In the commercial sector, demand decreased just over 1%, resulting from a 2% decline in the mild temperatures but increased over 1% quarter-over-quarter on a weather-adjusted basis. Year-to-date weather-adjusted usage is flat to last year and continues to lag pre-pandemic levels by about 5%. Finally, sales to industrial customers were flat compared to the third quarter and year-to-date periods of 2022 and remain slightly lower than pre-pandemic levels. Looking at our transmission business, third quarter results increased as a result of rate base growth of 8% associated with our energizing the future investment program. So far this year, we deployed $1.2 billion of capital in our transmission business, an increase of $400 million or 50% versus last year and nearly $200 million or approximately 20% above our plan. Highlighting just a few of the many projects currently underway, in Northeast Pennsylvania, we’re rebuilding 20-mile 115 kV transmission line to enhance service reliability and improve system resiliency. In Ohio, we’re rebuilding a 20-mile section of a 138 kV power line in Belmont and Harrison Counties which is in the third phase of a larger 64-mile project to enhance service reliability, improve system resiliency and accommodate increasing customer demand. And in West Virginia, we’re upgrading 4 miles of a high-voltage transmission power line in Preston County to reinforce local transmission system against severe weather, meet future energy demands of the region and enhance service reliability for 5,000 customers in the Kingwood area. For the full year, we now anticipate transmission formula rate investments of over $1.8 billion versus our original plan of just under $1.7 billion. In our corporate segment, our results for the third quarter largely reflect the tax benefit from the expected use of state net operating loss carry-forwards, which we discussed on the second quarter call that reduced our consolidated effective tax rate for the year. As Brian mentioned, throughout 2023, our consistent operational and financial execution, including growth from our investment plan, significant cost control and other financing and tax benefits has more than offset the headwinds from pension and the impact of lower weather-related distribution sales which for the first 9 months of this year impacted results by $0.18 per share versus normal. I’m proud of how all of our employees have addressed these challenges and supported our commitments. While 2023 is not over, our 2023 debt financing plan is now complete, with 6 long-term debt transactions at our regulated operating companies totaling $1.6 billion, with an average coupon of 5.41%, slightly below our plan of 5.5%. Also earlier this year, FE Corp. issued $1.5 billion of convertible debt with a coupon of 4% that allowed the company to refinance revolver borrowings costing more than 7% and to make a voluntary pension contribution to eliminate minimum funding requirements in 2025. Additionally, earlier this month, we extended the maturity date on our $4.5 billion revolving credit facilities to October 2027 and added 2 new revolving credit facilities, including a $1 billion facility at FET LLC and $150 million facility at CatCo. Moving forward, we will have $5.65 billion of credit facilities to support our increasing capital programs. As we look to 2024 and 2025, our debt financing plan is minimal since the majority of the FET asset sale proceeds will be received at closing, with the remainder anticipated before the end of 2024. We plan to use these proceeds to repay costly revolver borrowings and depending on the interest rate environment will be used to redeem high coupon holdco debt, such as the 738 notes of which $460 million remain outstanding, retire maturing utility debt and/or defer other utility debt issuances. The funding from the FET transaction, our light debt maturity schedule plus the decision we made to issue the low-cost convertible debt provides significant flexibility with our utility debt financing plan, which other than refinancings and new money requirements at our stand-alone transmission companies could be as low as $2.1 billion over the next 2 years. And as for FE Corp’s holdco debt, we only have $300 million that matures in 2025. All that said, we’re uniquely well positioned for the current interest rate environment with minimal earnings sensitivity to interest rate increases over the next couple of years. Now let’s turn to an update on our rate proceedings and other regulatory activity. As we’ve discussed, we filed three base rate cases earlier this year, representing more than $7 billion of rate base. As Brian said, last week, we received an order in the Maryland base rate case that aligns with our goals to continue meeting the energy demands of Potomac Edison’s rapidly growing population. The order authorized an equity capitalization ratio of 53% with an equity return of 9.5%, recovery of regulatory assets associated with both COVID and electric vehicle infrastructure, while also providing support to help our strategy of strong reliability and resiliency in support of the energy transition. The new rates went into effect October 19. We’re also happy with the progress on the New Jersey and West Virginia base rate cases. In New Jersey, we’ve entered into settlement discussions on our proposed revenue increase of $192 million, and in West Virginia, our hearing is set for late January and our $207 million base rate case with new rates expected to be effective in March of next year. Other recent regulatory updates include in Pennsylvania, FERC approved our application to consolidate our four Pennsylvania distribution utilities in August, and the parties to the case filed a settlement agreement with the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission on August 30. The settlement includes $650,000 in bill assistance for income-eligible customers over 5 years, supports unification of rates over time and includes a tracking mechanism to share certain cost savings associated with the legal entity consolidation with customers. With the ALJ’s recommended approval of the settlement, which is pending final regulatory approval, we expect the consolidation to close by early 2024. This consolidation aligns with our state operating model is an important step to simplify our legal entity structure and increase the flexibility and efficiency of our financing strategy. In Ohio, hearings for our Grid Mod II filing are scheduled to begin in December. This 4-year $626 million capital investment plan will support our continued work delivering safe, reliable power, offering modern customer experiences and supporting emerging technologies. And in November, hearings are scheduled to begin on our fifth Ohio electric security plan which supports our generation procurement process for non-shopping customers as well as investments in the distribution system, storm and vegetation management riders and energy efficiency programs. Our proposal also supports low-income customers and electric vehicle incentives. We have requested approval for the new ESP effective June 1 of next year. In West Virginia, we reached a unanimous settlement in our depreciation case, with an agreed-upon $33 million increase in depreciation rates, those rates will be effective upon conclusion of the West Virginia base rate case. And as Brian discussed, we received approval from the West Virginia Public Service Commission in August to move forward with construction of the first three utility-scale solar generation sites in the state. We expect the first site to be in service by the end of this year and all five sites to be completed before the end of 2025. And at a total investment cost of approximately $110 million. Just as a reminder, summaries of our key filings together with news releases and links to dockets are all available on the regulatory corner section of our Investor Relations website. Looking ahead, we plan to file our New Jersey infrastructure investment program in the next few weeks. And as you know, we are preparing for an active regulatory calendar in 2024. The performance of our team has been second to none by focusing on what we can control and a commitment to continuous improvement. We’ve delivered outstanding operational and financial performance. We’ve overcome the impact of historic unseasonable weather and other challenges to deliver solid results through the first 9 months of this year. We’re on track to meet our financial commitments, and we’re building a strong foundation for continued growth. Thank you for your time today. Now let’s open the call to your questions.
Brian Tierney: Hey, Jon, real quick, before we go to Q&A, I’d like to share some late-breaking news from last night. Yesterday evening, PJM released the results of its open window process to address reliability concerns with data center load growth in the Dominion and APS service territories. Based on our preliminary review of these results, we are on track to gain a substantial portion of the projects. The recommendations still need to move through TAC and the PJM Board, but we anticipate that happening by year-end. While these projects won’t come to fruition until the latter half of the decade, we’re really excited about this opportunity. It builds on our successful bid for the onshore transmission construction that supports New Jersey’s offshore wind project, and it further highlights the significant transmission build-out we anticipate in our footprint to support the energy transition. We look forward to talking more about this opportunity at EEI once we’ve had a chance to fully understand the details. Now let’s move to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, good morning, guys.
Brian Tierney: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning, Brian. Let me just on the regulatory side. Obviously, we’re going to be approaching the Ohio case next May. I just – I guess I want to get a little bit of a sense on how you’re thinking about bill impact given this environment? Could this case still end up being sort of built neutral? And just remind us on what’s sort of the key driver of that case is on the invested capital side, rate base, deferred costs, O&M true-ups? And I guess any sort of experiences from the ESP proceeding that could dictate how you manage the GRC? Thanks. 
Brian Tierney: Yes. Thank you for the question, Shar. You’re really forward-looking. So we’re still in the midst of the ESP V discussions and the Grid Mod II. So we’re in the throes of that, engaging with staff and interveners and trying to come to successful conclusions there. But as you – all the things you mentioned are what we’re going to be doing in the base rate case next year, it’s going to be taking things out of the trackers and riders that we have, getting them put into base rates, updating fully our rate base, our prudently incurred costs, storm tree trimming, regular O&M, financing costs, all that getting that in base rates and then moving forward with some healthy trackers that we will have at that point. There is nothing that’s going to be controversial in that case. It’s a traditional rate case, nothing special about it, but all the things that you’d expect a regulated utility to be doing. We found over time that the Ohio Commission has been very supportive of wires investments and we’re poised to continue making those and look forward to investing in the state of Ohio. A couple of things that we’re going to be cognizant of in that case. One is where we’re earning right now relative to what we think a normal authorized return should be. We’re well below 9.5% to 10.5% return on equity, and we need to get that increased, and our rates today are about 14% below our in-state peers. So to be honest with you, Shar, it’s too early for us to know what the bill impact is going to be, but we’re always looking for ways to minimize the bill impact to customers.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. And then lastly for me, just on the O&M side and just pension, $0.31 of benefit is sort of very material year-over-year. I guess, how much should we assume with this benefit is tactical. So really short-term in nature versus how much of it is maybe more perpetual, so if we can put a multiple on it and assume that benefit carries into ‘25 and beyond. And then any sense on the pension performance year-to-date? Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Jon Taylor: Hey, Shar, this is John. Thanks for the question. So yes, if you look at our O&M performance year-over-year, about a 15% reduction from what we incurred in 2022 which is about $200 million, a little bit more than that. I would tell you about 50% of that is associated with timing of work that we accelerated from ‘23 into ‘22 and some unique items. But the other 50% is sustainable savings associated with just productivity improvements, getting contractors off the property doing the work ourselves, we had some benefits associated with contract terminations associated with sponsorships and branding relationships that we had and just a real intense focus on just general business items that we spend. So I would say about half of it is kind of unique. I would say the other half of it is sustainable savings that we will build upon as we go into next year. With respect to the pension, the pension performance year-to-date is about flat. So that is something that we have our eye on. A lot of that is associated with the interest rate environment, but we’re taking that into account as we think about the long-term.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. I appreciate it guys. That’s all I had and Brian good luck with the search for the COO and President. Appreciate it.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Shar.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Brian Tierney: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to touch base, I guess, on the financing plans a bit here. Given your CapEx refresh, could you clarify, I guess, what’s in the financing needs at this point? It looks like – there was prior language last quarter about no equity needs except for $100 million SIP DRIP and didn’t see that messaging in this deck. And just wondering if anything has changed there, what we should expect on that front?
Jon Taylor: Yes. That’s still the case. I mean, Jeremy, if you think about where we are relative to our cash flow metrics and our projections, if you think about 14% to 15% FFO to debt. You think about $3.5 billion of proceeds coming in next year from the FET sale, that has significant impact on our financing plan in a meaningful way. And so we have a lot of financial flexibility in the plan. And so – no new equity requirements fully supports the CapEx plans that we have in place plus the ability to do some balance sheet improvement initiatives to take out additional holding company debt. So no issues there.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s helpful there. And then continuing along on the CapEx front, I just want to kind of run through some of the numbers by had it straight here, but looking at the ‘23 through ‘25 plan, the $12 billion, how that compares to the $18 billion in the ‘21 through ‘25 plan. I think you might have spent $2.4 billion in ‘21, $2.75 billion in ‘22. And it looks like your prior plan might imply $12.8 billion CapEx for ‘23 to ‘25 and so current plan $800 million less. I just wanted to know if I had those numbers right or if there were other moving pieces here, should we be thinking about or CapEx was decreased to any of the different subs?
Jon Taylor: CapEx hasn’t been decreased. I mean if you look at what we’re going to spend this year, it’s $3.7 billion and then in ‘24 and ‘25 million, it’s going to be $3.9 billion and $4.1 billion, respectively. So no change in the ‘24 and ‘25 capital plans from what we introduced back in February of this year. And in fact, we increased the capital plan in ‘23 by $300 million.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s helpful there. Thanks. Just last one, if I could. I think you talked about incremental business disclosures that could be coming forward here. Just wondering if you might be able to offer any incremental thoughts with regards to what type of information we could see there?
Jon Taylor: Yes. So I think what we’re going to plan on doing is looking at our segment reporting for 2024 and going forward and making it a little simpler and more transparent for the Street. And quite frankly, for us, it will reflect how we’re going to manage the business going forward. So we’re probably going to move to segments that is distribution, one, transmission another and integrated another, and that will allow us to not have to split companies between the segments and it will require us to not have to do reconciliations for analysts that cover us, investors that are interested in it just makes the presentation of our results simpler and more in line with how we manage the business.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s very helpful. I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
Jon Taylor: Perfect.
Brian Tierney: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nick Campanella with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Campanella: Hey, good morning, everyone. Happy Friday. Thanks for taking my questions. So I guess thanks for previewing the PJM transmission opportunity. As we kind of think about rolling that into our models, is this opportunity in the hundreds of millions of dollars. And I think you said back half of the plan? Or any idea how to size it at this point?
Brian Tierney: We’re still working through that, Nick. We just got the news last night. We do believe it will be in the hundreds of millions of dollars range. Which side of $500 million. We’re still trying to figure out today. But really, it’s late-breaking news for us. We have our engineers working on it today. We hope to be able to provide more detail on that at EEI.
Nick Campanella: Great. And then, I guess, just the cadence of updates from here because I know that there is a lot of moving pieces with the COO search to your point, some of the resegmenting and everything, should we still expect fiscal ‘24 guidance on the fourth quarter? And then how do you think about financing CapEx, etcetera?
Brian Tierney: Yes. We will provide that guidance on the fourth quarter call. And look, there is going to be some late-breaking news. I’m trying to forecast what it is that we’re going to be – what the news is going to be, so nobody is surprised. And of course, we’re going to be updating you as that news comes in and becomes available. But I don’t want people to be surprised by the positions that we’re looking for, how we’re going to manage the company going forward, how we’re going to report going forward. And that’s really why we’re forecasting all that. And then we will update it as the news becomes reality. But we anticipate doing all that here over the next several months.
Nick Campanella: Okay, thanks. And if I could just squeeze one more in. Just I know that we will get 2024 guidance in the fourth quarter, but there were just some more one-time items in the fiscal ‘23 walk, I acknowledge you kind of brought up the pension headwinds in prepared remarks. How do you kind of think about the offset to those future headwinds like pension, the tax item, etcetera? I know we get a better comp on weather next year, but any guidance you could give would be helpful.
Jon Taylor: So, Nick, this is Jon. So, I guess the way I am thinking about this year, if you think about where we are with the pension, if you just look at the year-over-year weather impacts and you look at what the company has done to offset that in terms of rates and investments taking advantage of opportunities in the capital markets with low-cost convertible debt and how we deployed that proceeds. If you just look at the tight cost controls that we have put in place year-over-year, I think that overshadows the benefits associated with the income taxes. And so as you think about next year, and beyond, it’s right, you are right. We are going to get a benefit from going back to normal weather. We have the rate cases that we have in flight. We have the capital programs associated with our distribution companies that are on a formula rate as well as our transmission formula rate CapEx. And so if you think about where the returns are for the three rate cases that we filed this year, and if you look at where the returns are for the cases that we will file next year, I think you can do the math in terms of what’s going to carry the day for the earnings of the company.
Nick Campanella: Thank you.
Brian Tierney: Thanks Nick.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
David Arcaro: Hi. Good morning. Thanks very much for taking my question.
Brian Tierney: Good morning David.
David Arcaro: I was wondering if you could maybe give the latest on the status of the New Jersey rate case. Current thoughts on the settlement potential and maybe specifically on the pension normalization mechanism, how optimistic you are in that coming through?
Brian Tierney: So, we are – as you know, they have stayed the schedule for now to the last settlement discussions to continue. And we are working all of those things that you just mentioned are still in play, and we are still working – engaging with staff, interveners, others to try and bring a successful conclusion to that case and without having to take it through adjudication.
David Arcaro: Okay. It sounds good. And then also curious if you could give the latest feedback from rating agencies on prospects going forward to achieve investment-grade ratings at the parent and how the FFO to debt outlook is sitting right now as you are heading into 2024 as well?
Jon Taylor: Yes. I think we continue to have dialogue with the rating agencies. Those have been constructive conversations. They have our projections. It clearly shows that we are going to be in that 14% to 15% in ‘24 and ‘25. I will say that we have kind of taken a little bit of a step back this year in terms of our performance in the metrics. And a lot of that is because of the unseasonable weather, the fact that we made a voluntary pension contribution, we have – we had some one-off items associated with severance associated with the voluntary retirement program. So, if you kind of take those out of the mix, I mean, we are closer to that 11% range. But clearly, with the rate cases that we have in flight, which we risk adjusted in terms of what we are going to get, the fact that we are going to get now 100% of the FET proceeds in 2024, whereas before, it was going to be about 50% next year, 50% in 2025. So, we will have an opportunity to deploy all of that. It clearly shows that we will be in the 14% to 15% range next year.
David Arcaro: Okay. Excellent. I appreciate that color. Thanks so much.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. Just following up on that FFO to debt question, so I am looking at your financials, I mean the FFO looks particularly weak, right, for the first nine months. And I hear the explanation of why that is. But I thought that we are waiting for some improvement, not even to hit that 14% to 15%, but just some improvement in the FFO to debt, to warrant any upgrades? And it doesn’t seem like it will happen this year, is that fair to say that the trailing 12 months doesn’t seem to have any upward momentum for now.
Jon Taylor: Yes. Like I have said, I think the trailing 12 months and where we are this year, we have taken a little bit of a step back. Some of that was planned because we wanted to make the voluntary pension contribution. Some of it was associated with non-recurring items such as the severance that I have mentioned, that’s really going to have about a 1-year payback if you think about it. So, that will improve the metrics next year. And you can’t discount the impact of weather and it, what’s that done to cash flow, right, in terms of the lower weather-related sales. So, I understand your question, but we are very confident in the plan. We are very confident in the metrics that we provided to the rating agencies, and we will see where we get to.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And my bigger question here, and I know that this is what we are all sort of the beating is that you obviously have this bullish EPS and now dividend growth plan. It’s pretty much contingent on the outcome of the distribution case in Ohio, and we won’t know that what happens there until probably very late to 2025. So, how do we get comfortable with that validation of your growth profile between now and then?
Brian Tierney: Just – so Angie, I don’t think we are all debating that at all. I just disagree with that. The things that you look for and how we hit our growth rate are how we perform in the rate cases that are before us, and you are going to have signposts to that long before the end of ‘25. We have the Ohio ESP Grid Mod II. We have the New Jersey case, the West Virginia case. And if we are performing well on those, I think you will be able to see – you will be able to get an indication that we are being successful in prosecuting rate cases, engaging with staff and interveners and come to positive outcomes. So, no need to wait until the end of 2025.
Angie Storozynski: And then just lastly on the tax benefit, very big tax benefits. And I understand that you are trying to address the weather impact. I mean lots of headwinds actually this year, but you are also reflecting in the O&M lever. I mean did you expect to have this tax benefit this year, again – and is it cash related?
Jon Taylor: So, at the beginning of the year, we did not anticipate the effective tax rate being at that 17%, 18%. We anticipated it being probably in that 19% to 19.5% range. So, some of the benefit that we achieved this year was not planned, but something that came up midyear and that the team executed on. I would tell you, long-term though, Angie, if you think about our blended effective tax rate, it’s probably going to be 17%, 18% this year. But longer term, it will be a more normal tax rate in that 20% to 21% range.
Angie Storozynski: And that’s already reflected in the growth plan?
Jon Taylor: Correct.
Angie Storozynski: Along with those additional costs that will come with basically those additional managers that you are hiring for the utilities and the COO, right? All of this is reflected in your – in your EPS growth plan.
Brian Tierney: It’s all in there, Angie.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Thank you.
Brian Tierney: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me back in here. Just wanted to kind of clarify, I guess the cadence of updates of what we should be expecting for updates on 4Q or for EEI, just wondering when ‘24 – I guess future color as far as long-term plan revisions might be if that’s the 4Q event, just wanted to kind of clarify some of the prior comments there.
Brian Tierney: Yes. We are going to provide an update on the fourth quarter earnings call. So, we will do specific guidance for ‘24 and we will also update the capital plan at that time.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. And this could include everything EPS, long-term EPS CAGR as well or just those two items really the focus?
Brian Tierney: Yes. We are – there is going to be no change in the long-term EPS CAGR.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Great. Very helpful. I will leave it there. Thank you.
Brian Tierney: Thanks Jeremy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey. Good morning. Just hopefully two quick questions on – one on Slide 25, and I am not trying to run your rate case decisions in the jurisdictions. But when do you kind of think that we could see like normalized earnings coming from the utilities or maybe we are in a different way? Do you guys have a target of what you think you could earn across the OpCos?
Brian Tierney: Yes. I think we can be earning in that 9.5 to low-10s range in terms of ROEs. And so if you look at this, that’s a significant component of earnings growth is going back in having these rate cases, updating our rate base, getting ROEs higher, getting current costs reflected in rates and adjusting what you can see is lower than normal earned ROEs on that slide.
Anthony Crowdell: I guess you have answered my – sorry.
Brian Tierney: No, it’s the normal stuff that utilities do, Anthony. It’s just the normal work pale that you expect us to do. We invest for the benefit of our customers. We then operate. We then recover and finance. And that’s what we will be doing this part of the presentation is the recover, where we go back in to get our hard work reflected in current rates.
Anthony Crowdell: Okay. And I think that actually answers my second question. I think earlier in one of the slides, I apologize I forgot the number. You guys give us – I appreciate the detailed rate base growth of about 7%. And to Jeremy’s question earlier about the long-term growth rate of earnings of 6% to 8%, I guess how – I was curious if you think there is going to be any lag or spread between the rate base growth and the earnings growth, but it seems that they are aligned because of this improvement in ROE. Am I thinking of that correctly?
Brian Tierney: Yes. So, we are getting ahead of this now, right. We have very active rate cases to get what you reflected on Slide 25, up to more normal levels. And as we do that, we will have some growth associated with that. And then going forward, we said rate base growth for ‘24, ‘25 was going to be about 7%, and we are looking to add to that as we go forward. So, a combination of continued investment growth in rate base, active rate cases for the foreseeable future and continuing to invest for the benefit of our customers, all of that will put us in that 6% to 8% long-term growth rate.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks so much for taking my questions. I am looking forward to seeing you at EEI.
Brian Tierney: Thanks Anthony, we are too.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gregg Orrill with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Gregg Orrill: Hi Brian. Hi Jon. Just on, Brian, where do you stand in terms of the key management hires that you are looking to do? I know you announced two of them already. Are there more to come there? And then just secondly, how are you thinking about moving beyond the sort of legacy investigations that remain? And do you see concerns with that at this point? Thank you.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Gregg. I appreciate that. In terms of the key hires, I am spending and our senior executive team here is spending a significant amount of our time recruiting. I feel some of this we need to do sequentially. I need to get a COO in place, President of FE Utilities in place, and I would like those people to help us recruit then the people who are going to be reporting to the President of FE Utilities. And they will be the five people running our major businesses. So, sort of – and by the way, we are not waiting to interview a candidate pool for those five people. We are proceeding ahead on that as well. So sequentially, trying to get the COO, President of FE Utilities, then next the people that run our four businesses and get those people seated as quickly as possible. But moving very much forward on that, it’s active. We are trying to get this done as quickly as possible. But at the same time, making sure that we are getting the right people in the place who will bring the right skills to bear for the things that we are trying to do. And we have a very strong candidate pool for all of those positions that we are recruiting for. So, I am confident we will get success. The timing of it is going to be here in the, I would say, in the near-term and hope to be able to make those announcements shortly. In terms of putting the past behind us, A lot of that heavy lifting had been done by the Board and the management team before I got here. There is active engagement with the OOCIC. We are providing our updates for the DPA with the Department of Justice. And then for the remaining litigation that’s out there, we are moving forward with that, trying to settle what we can, but put that pass behind us and strongly focused on the future. And I don’t anticipate any unexpected hiccups there.
Gregg Orrill: Okay. Good luck. Thanks.
Brian Tierney: Thanks Gregg.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Fleishman: Yes. Hi. Good morning.
Brian Tierney: Good morning Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Good morning. Just the cases in Ohio, the Grid Mod and the ESP filing, can you just talk to the schedule there coming up. And I know some of the other utilities have actually have been able to settle ESPs and the like. Is that possible for you?
Brian Tierney: Yes. So, we are in the midst of ESP-5 right now. That case is in flight. We have seen intervener’s testimony. I think staff testimony comes out on Monday. But as you would expect us to do, we are actively engaged in settlement discussions in those cases, trying to positively engage people like the staff and the other interveners and hopeful that we will be able to come to a settlement similar to what the other companies have settled at. I don’t see any reason to think that we won’t be able to do that.
Steve Fleishman: And then on the Grid Mod, would that be kind of part of the same thing or separate?
Brian Tierney: Same thing, slightly behind where we are in ESP-5. But as soon as we get through the ESP, we will get the Grid Mod and hope to be able to settle that as well. There is nothing, Steve, that’s controversial in these. It’s normal course of business, trying to update the rate base and costs that are reflected in those riders, and then hopefully leave those in place until we get to the May ‘24 rate case and then try to get those cleared out and get them reflected in base rates.
Steve Fleishman: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Brian Tierney: Thanks Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session and concludes our call today. A replay of the call will be available on FirstEnergy’s Investor Relations website. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you, Ms. Prezelj. You may begin.
Irene Prezelj: Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome to FirstEnergy second quarter 2023 earnings review. Leading our call today is Brian Tierney, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Jon Taylor, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings-released presentation slides and related financial information are available on our website at FirstEnergyCorp.com. Today's discussion will include the use of non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause our results to differ materially from these statements can be found in our SEC filings. The appendix of today's presentation includes supplemental information, along with the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures. Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Irene, and good morning, everyone. This is my first earnings call as President and CEO of FirstEnergy, following John Somerhalder, who did an outstanding job leading this company during a period of transition. I am thrilled to be here with you today and look forward to talking about our second quarter and year-to-date results, a dividend update, some discussion of why I came to FirstEnergy, earnings from key stakeholder engagement, and the outlook for FirstEnergy's future. Let's start with a quick look at the results we announced yesterday. We delivered 2nd quarter GAAP earnings of $0.41 per share versus $0.33 per share last year. The company reported second quarter operating earnings of $0.47 per share at the upper end of our guidance range versus $0.53 per share last year. Mild temperatures continue to affect our service territory, impacting earnings by $0.06 in the quarter. Cooling degree days were 40% below normal and 48% below last year. Pension, signal peak, and financing costs were negative in comparison to last year. Our results were favorably impacted by a strong focus on operating expenses and continued execution on a regulated capital investment program for the benefit of our customers. For the year-to-date period, we reported GAAP earnings of $0.92 per share versus $0.83 per share last year. Operating earnings for the period were $1.06 per share compared to $1.12 for the first half of 2022. The impact of mild weather in the first half of the year reduced earnings by $0.18 per share compared to 2022, with heating degree days being 16% below last year and cooling degree days being 47% lower. The positive impacts of investments made for the benefit of our customers and operations and maintenance cost discipline partially offset the negative impact of pension and financing costs. Despite the impact of the mild weather, we are working hard to be disciplined about our cost structure and to have our investments reflected in rate base. As such, we are confident reaffirming our 2023 operating earnings guidance of $2.44 per share to $2.64 per share. Last week, our board declared a dividend of $0.39 per share, which is payable September 1. Subject to board approval, we expect to have one additional dividend payable this year. At that time, it is our expectation that we will be in a position to resume dividend growth in line with the new targeted payout ratio of 60%-70% which the board approved earlier this year. This ratio is more in line with our peers and reflects our improved credit profile as well as our commitment to enhancing value for investors. Many of you know that I recently returned to the electric industry. I decided to come to FirstEnergy because I thought the company had evolved from a business and cultural perspective to a point where my background and experience could help further that evolution and growth. I could not be more excited to be working with my colleagues to provide the service that is the lifeblood of modern living to our communities. The employees of FirstEnergy don't just view their service as a job, it is a vocation that they take very seriously. This vocation and the service we deliver are more important than ever. Electricity demand is growing through the electrification of sectors like transportation and home heating. On the supply side, requests for interconnection of distributed energy resources and renewables is putting more stress on the electricity grid. As a wires-only company in four states and a fully integrated company in one state, I can think of no other electric utility that is better positioned to enable the increased demand and facilitate the energy transition than FirstEnergy. Through several strategic transactions, including great execution of a $1.5 billion convertible senior note transaction in the second quarter, the board and the management team have strengthened the balance sheet to invest in our regulated businesses in our service territories. This will lead to better customer reliability, system resiliency, and higher growth for the company. In the time before I arrived, the new board and management had done a commendable job of taking responsibility for and putting the activities of the past few years in the rear-view mirror. On July 20, the company filed the second of three planned updates to the Department of Justice on the company's deferred prosecution agreement. It was a very positive report detailing the progress the company has made on people, processes, and training to preclude such activities from happening again. We continue to cooperate with the department on any and all requests they make to us. During the quarter, the company received a subpoena from the Ohio Organized Crime Investigations Commission related to matters already detailed in the deferred prosecution agreement. We have cooperated with the commission and will continue to do so. Over the past 60 days, I have had the opportunity to meet with key company stakeholders. I have listened and learned a lot about where the company is in its evolution and some of the key elements required for future success. I've had many town hall, in-person, and virtual meetings with employees in union leadership. We've estimated that I've been able to reach about half of our 12,000 employees so far. This is a very engaged and dedicated workforce. Employees are asking for resources to better serve our customers. I have committed to them that we will invest in our system and them by making sure that we have the right complement of employees with the right training and the right equipment to serve our customers. These employees were not distracted by the events of the past few years and remain focused on safety and our customers. They will lead us into the future with their hard work, skill, and determination. Their commitment was on display again this weekend as our employees worked to restore power to customers impacted by the recent storms. I've had the opportunity to meet with three of our five commissions and two of our state governors. In talking with them, I committed that the company will take responsibility for the actions of the past when those dockets come before them. I also expressed our desire to engage constructively in normal course of business with the commissions for the benefit of our customers. Each of the commissions I spoke with want FirstEnergy to keep up with the normal day-to-day business of investing in our utilities and serving our customers. I have not detected any regulatory overhang associated with the past that would impact our forward-facing activities before the commissions. This is really important because we have a full regulatory schedule that John will take you through in detail. Camilla Serna and his regulatory team are engaged in base rate cases in Maryland, New Jersey, and West Virginia that represent about $7 billion in rate base with returns that need to be updated. We have important ESP-5 and grid mod 2 filings in Ohio and the consolidation case in Pennsylvania. We anticipate base rate filings in Ohio and Pennsylvania next year with current combined rate bases of about $10.5 billion with returns that also need to be updated. We spent a lot of time together as a management team and with the board discussing how to best organize the company to reach our goals quickly and sustainably. There are key roles that need to be filled. In July, we added two key hires, Abigail Phillips as chief risk officer and Amanda Merton's Campbell, our vice president of external affairs. These are experienced professionals who have hit the ground running and are already making an impact. We are currently looking to fill our chief operating officer role. We have attracted well-known industry leading candidates and hope to be able to make announcements in the near future. Over the past two years, FirstEnergy has consolidated key functions like engineering, HR, workforce development, and others. These actions led to efficiencies and consistency in standards. At the same time, there is a sense that certain decision-making would be better if it were closer to the customer and to the employees providing the service. We are looking at ways to make that happen and we'll be updating you on this in the months to come. I've spent considerable amount of time with investors talking about our plans for organic investment and growth. These discussions have focused on the investment needed in our electric grid, management additions we plan to make, and the regulatory schedule necessary to convert investment into growth. I've had the opportunity to meet with three of the major rating agencies. I've committed to further optimizing our financing plan and improving our credit metrics and balance sheet. This included paying down short-term borrowings and repurchasing high coupon debt in the open market with the proceeds of the convertible bond offering from earlier in the quarter. We anticipate FFO to debt being in the 14%-15% range by 2025. Following meetings with these and other stakeholders, I have not found any surprises relative to what I knew coming into the company. What I have found are some key indicators for success. A skilled, engaged, and dedicated workforce. A constructive regulatory environment focused on customer affordability and reliability. A system in need of investment for reliability, resiliency, and to support the energy transition. And finally, a strengthened balance sheet to be able to make that investment and to support organic growth. I believe in this company's strategy of making necessary investments to improve reliability, resiliency, and the customer experience. In addition to reaffirming the company's guidance for 2023, I am reaffirming our 6%-8% long-term growth rate off of the original midpoint of prior year's guidance. We have a strong platform to build upon. We are getting and will continue to get the right people in place to lead this company to sustainable growth. I am incredibly excited about this company and am thrilled to be here at the start of what I know will be a very bright future. With that, I will turn it over to John for more financial detail.
Jon Taylor: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. Despite the extremely mild temperatures across our service territory in the second quarter, our focus on efficient operations in a financial discipline allowed us to deliver operating results above the midpoint of our guidance. I'll start today with a review of our financial performance and outlook, then provide an update on recent regulatory activity. As Brian mentioned, second quarter GAAP earnings were $0.41 a share and operating earnings were $0.47 a share. This compares to 2022 second quarter GAAP earnings of $0.33 a share and operating earnings of $0.53 a share. Second quarter results in our distribution business benefited from our ongoing capital investment programs and our laser focus on operating expenses. Together, these helped offset the impact of lower distribution sales, which largely resulted from mild temperatures as well as a lower pension credit. Mild temperatures with cooling degree days 48% below the second quarter of 2022 impacted residential demand by more than 8% and total customer demand by 4% with a year-over-year impact of $0.06 a share. Total residential sales decreased 11% from the second quarter of 2022 or 2% on a weather adjusted basis. On a trailing 12 month basis, weather adjusted residential sales continued to trend about 4% higher than 2019 pre-pandemic levels and for the June year-to-date period, they are 2% higher than last year. In the commercial sector, lower weather related demand drove a 6% decreased compared to the second quarter of 2022 while demand was down 3% on a weather adjusted basis. Usage by commercial customers over the trailing 12 month period continues to trend below 2019 levels by nearly 5% on a weather adjusted basis. Finally sales to industrial customers increased by just over 1% compared to the second quarter of 2022 and continue recovering towards pre-pandemic levels. As a reminder, revenue from our C&I customer classes are not as sensitive to sales volumes as a result of rate design for these classes, which is typically based off peak usage. In our transmission business, our results benefited from our energizing the future investment program and associated rate-based growth of more than 8% compared to the second quarter of 2022. Favorable weather and accelerated material deliveries allowed us to deploy nearly $400 million of capital into our transmission investment program during the quarter, bringing our year-to-date investments to nearly $750 million, which is over 20% ahead of our internal plan and $260 million or more than 50% ahead of last year. Looking at our corporate segment, second quarter results benefited primarily from lower operating expenses and lower interest costs, which helped to offset a lower earnings contribution from Signal Peak. We are very pleased with how we responded to the challenges we face this year, especially the impact of the extremely mild temperatures on distribution sales, which on a year-to-date basis is $0.18 per share below last year and $0.16 per share off plan. The team's effort allows us to confirm our guidance range this year of $2.44 to $2.64 a year. First, our focus on our cost structure, particularly our operating expenses, has been second to none. As you can see, our O&M has improved $0.13 a year, year-over-year, and is well ahead of our internal plan. Our focus on managing our labor costs through productivity improvements and selective hiring is paying off. In addition, in May, we announced an involuntary separation program and a voluntary early retirement program impacting approximately 550 employees. And we continue to focus on third-party and other operating costs, including corporate facility costs, branding and sponsorships, and improved customer collection rates, which has helped us lower our bad debt expense. Currently through June, our base O&M is running about 6% below plan and 11% below last year. And the expectation in the second half is for that trend to improve versus last year, given some of the steps we have taken to further reduce costs and the maintenance work we accelerated from '23 into '22. Second, in early May, we completed a very successful sale of $1.5 billion in convertible senior notes with a coupon rate of 4%. The initial conversion price represents a premium of approximately 20% from our closing share price on May 1. We consider this a cost-effective bridge to when we receive the full $3.5 billion from our previously announced agreement to sell a 30% interest in first-energy transmission LLC. The use of proceeds will be EPS accretive as we repaid high-cost short-term borrowings, reduced 738's coupon debt at FE Corp, and made a $750 million contribution to our pension plan, which had required contributions beginning in 2025. As a result, our net qualified pension obligation improved to approximately $800 million at the end of the second quarter, down from $1.7 billion at the end of last year, representing a funded status of 91% at the end of June. In addition, we don't have any minimum funding requirements through 2027. The convertible note issuance supports our ongoing work to optimize our financing plan, improve our credit metrics, and our balance sheet as we target FFO to debt metrics of 14% to 15%. Finally, we do anticipate a lower effective tax rate for the year, closer to 17%, resulting from the expected use of state net operating loss carry-forwards. Again, despite the extremely mild temperatures we've seen this year, the team has worked extremely hard to rise to the challenges so we can deliver on our commitments. Now let's shift gears and talk about our rate proceedings and other regulatory activity in the quarter. I'll start with the three base rate cases we filed earlier this year, these cases, which represent over $7 billion of rate base, and weighted average test year return on equity of less than 6% are progressing well through the regulatory process and consistent with our expectations. In New Jersey, we received a procedural schedule for our proposed revenue increase of $193 million, with evidentiary hearings to be held in early January of next year. In Maryland, very constructive evidentiary hearings were held last month on our proposed $50 million rate case, which was filed in March and supports equity returns of 10.6%. We do expect new rates to go into effect in October of this year. And in West Virginia, our Mon Power and Potomac Edison West Virginia utilities filed a base rate case in May, requesting a $207 million increase in revenue to support reliability investments, grid resiliency, our generation assets, and an enhanced customer experience, while providing assistance to low income customers. Key proposals in the filing include distribution rate base of $3.2 billion, and return on equity of 10.85%. A hearing has been set for January of next year, and new rates are expected to be effective by the end of March. Importantly, even with the proposed rate adjustments in each of these jurisdictions, our customers would continue to have some of the lowest residential rates among their in-state peers. Other regulatory activity also continues to progress. We filed our Ohio Electric Security Plan 5 in early April. As we discussed on our first quarter call, our proposal supports our generation procurement process for non-shopping customers, continued support for investments in the distribution system, storm and vegetation management riders, and energy efficiency programs. Our filing also includes proposals that support low income customers and electric vehicle incentives. We have requested approval for the new ESP effective June 1 and next year, when the ESP-4 ends, and hearings are scheduled for November of this year. We also received a procedural schedule last month for the Ohio Grid Mod 2 filing we made last summer. Under the schedule hearings are planned for October of this year, and we look forward to advancing the $626 million capital investment plan to continue our work enhancing the delivery of safe, reliable power, offering modern customer experiences, and supporting emerging technologies. And Pennsylvania hearings have been set for next week to consider our application to consolidate our four Pennsylvania distribution utilities. As we stated, this is an important step to align with our state operating model, simplify our legal entity structure, and increase the flexibility and efficiency of our financing strategy. And we are in settlement discussions with the parties to the case. And in May, FirstEnergy in Brookville submitted applications to FERC and to the Pennsylvania PUC to facilitate the FET minority interest sale that was announced in February. We have received approval for the sale from the Virginia State Corporate Commission, and the transaction also requires successful review by CFIUS. Finally, Mon Power is no longer reviewing the possible purchase of the pleasant power station. Last week, FERC approved the sale of the plant to a subsidiary of Omnia's Fuel Technologies. We will file an update with the West Virginia Public Service Commission when that sale is complete. So, all in all, several regulatory proceedings in flight, but everything is progressing very well and consistent with our plan. The regulatory team and the employees that support the regulatory filings are doing a terrific job, and we couldn't be happier with the progress. As a reminder, you can find summaries of our key filings together with news releases and links to the dockets on the regulatory corner section of the IR website. I'm very proud of our team's performance despite the challenges we have faced this year. We are on track with key regulatory initiatives, and we're executing very well in the areas that we control with strong capital deployment and financial discipline with our operating expenses. Thank you for your time today. Now let's open the call to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question. 
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning. 
Brian Tierney: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to start off, I guess, if we're looking to 10-Q a little bit here. Notice this OO CST subpoena, and was wondering if you might be able to provide a bit more detail on what that entails and could that impact the DPA in any way?
Brian Tierney: We don't think it will impact the DPA in any way. We, everything in the DPA was laid out. The company accepted responsibility for the activities that happened in the DPA. The OO CIC seems to be asking questions around what was detailed in the DPA and that the company's taken responsibility for. So other than that, we really can't offer any color other than to say that we're cooperating with their subpoenas, and we'll continue to do so.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. Thanks. And just with regards to signal peak, I was just wondering if you could provide any updated thoughts as far as asset earnings profile and I guess, how core that asset is or any other details you could share there?
Jon Taylor: Hey, Jeremy, this is John. So, obviously signal peak is not an asset that necessarily fits in with our regulated strategy. So it is something that we look at from time to time to determine if there's a market where we could monetize that asset. It has been tough, but we continue to look at that from time to time. Commodity prices have come down since the beginning of the year, but we factor that into our plan going forward.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. And any update thoughts on what percentage of earnings that might look like in the future, given what you described there?
Brian Tierney: Yes. I think it will continue to be less than 10% of the earnings of the company going forward. So it's going to come down on a relative basis as well as an absolute basis. And we factor that into the plan going forward.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. One last one if I could. Brian, it seems like you've undertaken a number of new strategic initiatives and some, it seems like some geographic decentralization efforts and overall. Just wondering how significant do you think the synergies could be over time, with some of the strategic measures that you've been, you have undertaken at this point?
Brian Tierney: So I think a couple of things, Jeremy. One is I think the consolidation that the company did around certain functions, HR, engineering, workforce development and the like. That's where we get real synergies from. I think we're going to get better decision making, pushing the decision making closer to the customers and employees because an executive running that particular entity will have the best insight into what the commissions want, what the customers want and what the employees need to do their jobs. So I think that decision making can happen much closer to where the activity is happening rather than a lot of that decision making happening here in Akron. I've seen that model work before at various other companies and I think we'll benefit from that going forward.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That makes sense. Very helpful. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Brian Tierney: Thanks, Jeremy.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Mr. Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Fleishman: Thanks. Appreciate it. .Don't get called Mr. that much anymore so. Good morning. Congrats, Brian, on your first call.
Brian Tierney: Good morning. Thanks.
Steve Fleishman: Thanks. I guess just in your intro you mentioned reaching out and seeing a lot of various constituents including kind of regulators and the like. I'm just, given the history in Ohio, I guess most curious, your perception of any discussions there, regulators, political, employee base, et cetera, any call specifically in Ohio.
Brian Tierney: Yes. So I've reached out to the commission there and employees. I've not had a chance to speak with the executives in the state yet but are still trying to get those scheduled. I'll say that the commission there is and always has been very, very professional, engaged, experienced and dedicated to making sure that utilities make the investments that improve reliability and the customer experience in the state. And that Steve really hasn't stopped over the last three years, right? We're concluding grid mod one. We're concluding the ESP-4 right now. So Ohio over time has been very effective in making sure that there are those riders and trackers in place to make the specific investments that the commission wants us to make. And when I met with the commissioners there, they seemed very focused on making sure that we continue to engage in those activities, those processes and those investments going forward. What I have with everyone I met with, there will be a time and a place to deal with the activities of the past and people have documents ready to do that. And I've committed that, like we have in other venues, that the company will take responsibility for that and do the right thing. But there's a real desire to make sure that we focus on the go forward business. And there seems to be no regulatory hangover associated with the past either in Ohio or in West Virginia or New Jersey that I've also visited with.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, that's helpful. And then just you talked about kind of updating the ROEs in these cases is that, if you look at your data based on the way you kind of have it out there, it looks like you're underearning pretty much in all these jurisdictions. So are you talking about kind of getting that basically kind of dealing with the underearning situation?
Brian Tierney: Yes. So thanks Steve for exposing my coded language there. Yes, that's what we're looking to do, is go to places where we are underearning either due to the fact that we haven't been in for a long time or that we've made significant investment that hasn't been updated and make sure that we get investment reflected in rate base and that we ask for authorized ROEs that are more consistent with what you're seeing across the industry rather than the lower ROEs that we're currently earning.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, and then lastly, I think you mentioned meeting with the rating agencies or maybe you or John could just update on any potential credit upgrades?
Brian Tierney: Yes, so we've been to see all three of the rating agencies recently. We've been on a watch for a change for Moody's for over 18 months now, have paid special attention there trying to give them what they could need. We hope that they will take action here in the near future in a positive way. As we look at S&P, I think they're looking for final resolution of the DPA, which will happen hopefully in 2024, as well as FFO to debts that are consistently moving above the 12% range. And we hope to be doing both of those here in the near future.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, thank you.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Mr. Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your question. 
Shar Pourreza: Hey guys, good morning.
Brian Tierney: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning. John, I wanted to just really just get a little bit deeper on Signal Peakif it's okay with you and start a needed course here. But the prices have declined another 30% since that Q1 update. Because we're thinking about maybe full prices, any hedging you may have in place and what hedges you are off. I guess how does all this tie in with the linearity of your 6% to 8% growth rate? In other words, as we're thinking about '23, '24, is there enough levers like O&M and liability management to mitigate incremental signal speed pressures as we're thinking about your annual guidance and where is that growth rate?
Jon Taylor: Yes. Thanks, Shar. I mean, you're right. The prices have declined somewhat over the course of the last year. I would tell you that in '24 and '25, we kind of had that baked into our plan to begin with. And so on an absolute and relative basis, we had those earnings declining somewhat to what we've seen historically, at least in the last couple of years. And then if you look at just where we're filing cases currently with over $7 billion of break base under review, probably earning at return of 6%, you're really going to see strong regulated growth in the distribution businesses. We will have some O&M increases in '24 relative to '23 primarily because of some timing. But we're also doing a pretty nice job managing that. So at least based on what I see today, we have clear line of sight into fairly linear growth going forward.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, perfect. That's an important point. Thank you for that. And then obviously, we're approaching the Ohio case next May, which is, I think, a very key event we're all going to monitor for obvious reasons. Just remind us on the drivers of the case. Is it capitals at rate-based deferred costs? How we should think about, maybe, that are we request in relationship to what you're earned or we are, especially if there's a chance to commission diverts from historical precedence on treatment of goodwill there? So how do we put all this together into that case? And then also, how are you messaging or will message around rate impact? Or would you still think it'll be built in neutral? Thanks.
Jon Taylor: Yes. So I would say a couple of things. Rate-based, since the last case, has increased over 50%. Our cost of service has increased primarily because of some of the accounting changes associated with our vegetation management program, the A&G cost that we previously capitalized. So we're projecting a return, an earned return when we file those cases somewhere in the 7% to 7.5% next year versus, an allowed return in terms of what we're seeing in the state, nine and a half, 10%. The capital structure we think will probably be closer to 50:50. Right now, if you look at the actual capital structure, it's probably closer to 55% equity, but we think it'll be more in line with what we have today, which is 49% equity. So, I mean, those are the key attributes of the case. We'll continue to refine those and give you a more fulsome update when we file in May of next year.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Perfect. Thanks, Jon for that. It's super helpful. And, Brian, congrats on your first earnings call. See you guys.
Jon Taylor: Thank you, Shar. Appreciate it. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Mr. Julien Dumolin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question. 
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Hey, good morning, team. Thanks for the time. Appreciate it. And congrats, Brian, again.
Brian Tierney: Thanks, Julien. Good morning.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Hey, good morning. Just following up on a couple of items. Maybe, John, just starting with what you were talking about the second ago, the increase in O&M that you were talking about going into next year. Talk about how much of an offset you could be getting from the separations and headcount here. I know you put some comments in the queue here on that front. And then related, obviously, you're adding some headcounts here at the C-suite elsewhere. So just put some takes on that O&M increase. You talked about timing issues, but just delving into that a little bit more.
Brian Tierney: Yes, great question, Julien. Let me give you a little bit of context as to what we're seeing. So when you think about the original plan that we had going into '23, we had to have plan for about a 12% year-over-year O&M reduction relative to '22, which was right at about a [billion five] of base O&M. Okay. I would tell you about half of that was what I would consider timing or one time primarily associated with the work that we accelerated from '23 into '22 to help mitigate the pension. But the other half was sustainable O&M reductions around productivity improvements, around lower branding and advertising costs, some efficiencies that we were getting to transition to more data and analytics to drive more efficiency in our operations. And so that was the original plan. Later on top of that, the impact of the voluntary and involuntary program, we'll continue to see more sustainable savings going forward. And I think what that will result in is about the only thing that you'll really see going into '24 is that one time, which is about $100 million or so of incremental O&M that you'll see into the plan going into 2024, everything else will be sustainable and will be used to offset any type of inflation going forward. So really what we're anticipating, if you look at our current forecast this year versus '22, we've gone from about 12% improvement to about a 15% improvement with about half of that flowing back into next year.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. Thank you so much, John, for the detail of that response there. And then if I can, to continue in the spirit of detail, how do you think about asking for higher authorized equity ratios, considering the desire to use the bookfield proceeds, as you've discussed, for equity growth investments, and then also consistent with the idea of higher equity ratios in the current and past rate case bonds you've pursued already here?
Brian Tierney: Yes, great question. So I would tell you with the first FET transaction, plus the common equity issuance, we improved the capital structures in New Jersey, West Virginia, and Maryland by probably anywhere from two to three points. So we were probably 49, 45% and now we're close to 50, if not above 50% in those jurisdictions where we have rate proceedings ongoing. If you think about the next FET transaction, which will close next year, a lot of about half of that, those proceeds have been deployed already through the convertible note offering. So we put that money to the pension, we took out some holding company debt, and then we reduced short-term borrowings. With the other 50%, we'll look to improve the capital structures primarily in Pennsylvania, which right now are about 49%, and we'll look to improve that to, close to 53% as we gear up to file that case next year.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Got it. Okay, excellent. 53%, wonderful. Really appreciate that, and best of luck, guys. Again, congrats, Brian.
Brian Tierney: Thanks, Julien. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ms. Angie Storozynski with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. I appreciate the message. It's been decades. Thank you. So first on Moody's, have you spoken to the agency since you received the new subpoena? And I'm just wondering if that has a chance of, anyway derailing the upgrade that we've been waiting for?
Brian Tierney: Yes, so we have spoken with them as you'd expect when we respond to a subpoena. And the dialogue seems to be around the things that were associated with the DPA that we've already settled with the Department of Justice and taken responsibility for. So other than that, we're not aware of anything else and certainly don't expect any derailment of anything.
Angie Storozynski: Okay, and there's no news on the FCC investigation or any sort of settlements or any quantification of the potential downside here?
Brian Tierney: No, they, the initial subpoena came to us in September of 2020, and then each year since they've updated their request for information. And that seems to be what's happened here at the end of May. And no, we can't quantify what any fine might be there, but expect that there will be one. Ultimately --
Angie Storozynski: Okay, and then moving on to the equity layer in Ohio. And I know we've talked about it before. The Goodwill, substantial Goodwill and how you calculate your equity layer. I mean, is there any concern as you go into this distribution rate case about, how the commission is going to calculate the equity layer in Ohio?
Brian Tierney: So I would just say a couple of things. We have the writers today, DCR and the AMI writer, which deals with the grid mod work. All of those are based on the capital structure that we have for base rates or our actual capital structure. We have precedent in the state of Ohio through the seat proceedings as well as through other cases in the state that they don't remove Goodwill in those types of calculations. So we don't necessarily see it as a concern. But it'll be something that we'll work through over the course of the case.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And lastly, just looking at the performance of your pension funds and I'm just wondering. So I'm assuming that the opposite is going to be true, meaning that there will be a potential gain that will support your 24 earnings. And so if there is any O&M inflation, it will be more than offset by that potential gain and any efficiencies on the O&M side that you talked about earlier, is that right?
Brian Tierney: Well, I would just tell you through June. The asset performance was close to 8% versus an expected return for the full year of 8%. The discount rate has come down slightly since year end. But we don't have in the plan, growth from the pension in ‘24 and ‘25 other than from the contribution that we made, which will be for the full year in ‘24 versus a partial year for '23. So, based on our plan, we're going to continue to drive, O&M efficiencies through our FE Forward program as well as other continuous improvement initiatives. And we're not relying on the pension to drive growth for the company.
Angie Storozynski: Good. Thank you.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Angie.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ms. Sophie Karp with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Sophie Karp: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question.
Brian Tierney: Good morning, Sophie. 
Sophie Karp: I just wanted to follow up on Ohio. And did you provide a little more color on how, if there's any ROE discrepancy between different utilities in Ohio, between the three utilities you have there, is 7.3 the average of the three? And if there are discrepancies, can you provide a little more color on what the range is?
Brian Tierney: You were cutting out, Sophie. I think your question was, we provided an ROE of 7.3% on a consolidated basis. Is there any disparity between that amongst the three utilities in the state?
Sophie Karp: Yes. Yes. 
Brian Tierney: I don't have that information here readily available. But I would imagine there would be some disparity between the three companies. I think it would be significant, significantly different from the 7.3% . But we would typically file in the state all three companies at the same time. And so that's why we provided at the state level.
Sophie Karp: Yes. But when you file, do you think that there will be, I guess, a pathway for you to consolidate these utilities in this rate case? Or are they too far apart in terms of the economics to attempt that?
Brian Tierney: Yes. So I guess there's two steps to that, right? First, like we're doing in Pennsylvania, it's a legal entity consolidation. We're still going to have four separate rate books in Pennsylvania, and we'll merge those probably over a period of two to three rate cases. And we'll do the same thing in Pennsylvania. So, excuse me, Ohio. We'll make the filing to do the consolidation on a legal entity basis, but we'll still have, three separate rate books, and we'll merge those over time.
Sophie Karp: Got it. Okay. And just lastly, a little bit of a housekeeping question. Could you just reiterate what's the level of FFO to that that you had at the end of the quarter? And what would that be, if performer for the Brookfield Transaction Closing?
Brian Tierney: Well, the performer for the Brookfield Transaction closing, when we deploy all the proceeds, would support the 14% to 15% that we're targeting. If you look at on a trailing 12 month basis, I'm assuming it's probably close to 10.5%. We were at 10.5% at the end of last year. So as we start to receive the proceeds in next year, deploy those proceeds, you'll see a pretty significant improvement. We'll also have rate relief in New Jersey, West Virginia, Maryland that will help the metrics going into next year. But right now I would anticipate the plan with the pension contribution for the full year of ‘22 being close to 11% FFO to debt for this year.
Sophie Karp: Excellent. Thank you so much.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Sophie. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mr. Gregg Orrill with UBS. Please proceed with your question. 
Gregg Orrill: Yes, thank you. Maybe a follow-up on the O&M, and just how you're thinking about that, longer term throughout the plan, what levels can you achieve, what areas can you look at to drive out those cuts or efficiencies? Thanks.
Jon Taylor: Yes. So like I mentioned earlier, I mean, you will see a little bit of an increase next year, just mainly because of the work that we accelerated from '23 into '22, as well as some other timing items. But I think, as Brian and I have talked about the plan going forward, continuous improvement initiatives are going to be very important to the plan. And so that'll be something that we continue to stay focused on. Now, whether that, is less than inflation or do we want to drive out, all the inflation and keep O&M flat, I mean, I think that'll depend on the facts and circumstances within the plan and where we are. But we don't anticipate significant O&M growth, once we get past 2024.
Brian Tierney: Greg, we've talked about this internally, right? I've seen utilities that are the premier utilities in the industry have continuous improvement as part of their culture. And we've had a program in FE Forward, which this year is beginning to pay significant dividends as employees are embracing the tools that we've given them to be able to do that. We're going to make that not a program, but part of our culture and DNA going forward, that we're not going to brand as FE Forward. We're just going to call it continuous improvement. And our goal will be to flatten or even decrease that O&M curve over time as part of an overall program that is continuous improvement, not just O&M savings.
Gregg Orrill: Okay, thank you.
Brian Tierney: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mr. Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question. 
Paul Patterson: Very good morning. 
Brian Tierney: Good morning, Paul. 
Paul Patterson: So just on the subpoena, the timing, this seems a little odd to me. From meeting the 10-Q, it seems to me that you guys weren't aware of this investigation. And if the subpoena shows up, I guess, so late in the day, it seems. Any thoughts about that? 
Jon Taylor: So, yes, other people might agree with your comment on the timing. With the law, the OOCIC's investigations need to be kept confidential. So it's not a surprise to us that our first knowledge of it was the subpoena. But given the fact that it seems to be dealing with activities that have been dealt with, resolved, responsibility taken for and paid for in the DPA, we just would have to leave it up to the OOCIC what their interests in these matters are.
Paul Patterson: Okay. I mean, do you have any discussions where they're explaining it, or you can relate to us about what might be going on, I guess, with respect to them? Is that right?
Jon Taylor: Yes, just nothing other than us facilitating transfer of information that they're requesting, which is all related to the DPA activities.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great. And then with respect to your discussions with regulators around your service territories, I noticed that you guys have been involved, or at least proposing, it seems to me, increased funding for low-income, affordability-challenged ratepayers, if I'm correct. I was just wondering, how is the regulatory reaction to that? Do they see that as going in a long way to sort of addressing the issue of rate concerns?
Brian Tierney: Yes, I'll just say we're trying to engage with our commissions constructively on that issue. All of them, as you might suppose, are very focused, given economic issues, given inflationary pressures on our customers. All of them are focused on affordability for our customers. And we're trying to put our dollars to work to address those concerns as well. And I think we're just trying to be constructive with our customers and commissions as we work through other rate matters that we have before them.
Paul Patterson: Absolutely. And no, I understand that. I guess maybe I'm not asking it right. I guess what I'm wondering is, when you approach them with that proposal, are they receptive? Or, I mean, maybe too early to say, or what have you. But sometimes the jurisdictions get more concerned about the actual total sort of impact in other jurisdictions. It seems like if you can sort of address the issue of those most at risk, I guess, of adverse issues, that that seems to go a long way. Do you follow what I'm saying? Do we have any flavor on that?
Brian Tierney: Yes, I don't know if I'm missing or misunderstanding the questions. All of our commissions view it as being positive and constructive when we try to help in our rate proceedings those who are most challenged to pay their bills.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Sorry. I'm sorry. Maybe I didn't hear correctly. I apologize. And finally, there's this Chevron doctrine that's being that I guess it's the Supreme Court, and it's kind of a significant issue, it seems like actually just in terms of EPA, FERC, what have you, I don't know what to sort of make of it in terms of what the potential impact might be, and I was wondering, do you guys have any sense about what a substantial change in this sort of long-held, sort of regulatory approach to things might be if the, if the Supreme Court, as some might, are speculating, would be would take, would have a new, completely different take on it.
Brian Tierney: Yes, so, Paul, we'll dig into that, but I'll just say that's not been on the top of my list in my first 60 days here.
Paul Patterson: Sure. I can imagine that. I'm just wondering if there's any thoughts that you guys have about it, but I can understand there's other stuff going on. Thanks so much.
Brian Tierney: Okay. Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mr. [indiscernible]. Please proceed with your question. 
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you very much. With respect to the OOCIC, is there anything under the DPA that would prevent the state from taking actions or potential violations of state law covering the same ground that the federal DPA covered?
Brian Tierney: Paul, we just feel like we've taken responsibility for the activities that are outlined in the DPA and have paid the fine for that and taken responsibility for it. So I really don't know the answer to your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So it's possible that they could just re-litigate the same issues that were essentially resolved and litigated at the federal level.
Brian Tierney: Yes, that would be unusual.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That's my only question. Thank you.
Brian Tierney: Okay. Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Tierney for closing conference.
Brian Tierney: Okay. We'd just like to thank everyone for their participation in today's call. We look forward to continuing this dialogue going forward. Appreciate your interest and are pleased with the quarter and look forward to seeing you next time.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp First Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you, Ms. Prezelj. You may begin.
Irene Prezelj: Thank you. Welcome to our first quarter 2023 earnings call. Today, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other matters. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by these statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the Earnings Information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures, the presentation that supports today’s discussion and other detailed information about the quarter can be found in the strategic and financial highlights document on the Investors section of our website. We will begin today’s call with presentations from John Somerhalder, our Board Chair, Interim President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jon Taylor, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Several other executives will be available for the Q&A session. Now, I will turn the call over to John Somerhalder.
John Somerhalder: Thanks, Irene. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. We have accomplished a lot since our last earnings call and continue to build on the positive momentum we have seen over the last couple of years. Our first quarter GAAP earnings are $0.51 per share. Despite the impact of extremely mild first quarter temperatures, operating earnings are $0.60 per share, which is within the guidance range and reflects the continued execution of our long-term regulated growth strategy. We continue to position FirstEnergy for greater resiliency and growth by strengthening our financial position, enhancing our operations, optimizing the customer experience and transforming our culture. When Brian Tierney joins us as President and CEO on June 1, he will hit the ground running to build on these efforts. We are very excited to welcome him on board. Clearly, we recognize how important it was to find the right leader for our company. And in Brian, we have a CEO who understands our industry and business and is the right leader to drive our strategy and accelerate our momentum. I know many of you worked with Brian during his time at AEP and we know him as a highly respected executive with a unique blend of operational, financial and strategic skills and achievements. His strong track record of driving results is very well aligned with our goals at FirstEnergy. He has expressed his support for the steps we have taken to position our company and he intends to continue to advance our business strategy, building on the strong foundation we have in place today. We know we found the right person to lead our company. I know everyone is looking forward to hearing from him, and we will certainly give you that opportunity. He will have a busy calendar starting on June 1. In the meantime, I am so proud of our employees and their excellent work to position our company for the future. I know they will double down in their efforts to support Brian to drive long-term sustainable value for all of our stakeholders. This work includes a very busy regulatory calendar that addresses the critical investments that support reliability and a smarter and cleaner electric grid. Jon will review our recent distribution filings in a few minutes, but first, I will take a moment to provide an update on our transmission business. In early February, we announced an agreement to sell an additional 30% interest in FirstEnergy Transmission LLC to Brookfield Super-Core Infrastructure Partners for $3.5 billion. And this transaction remains on track to close in early 2024. Brookfield’s partnership in FET supports our substantial long-term investments to build a more resilient and modern electric grid. We have a $1.7 billion transmission investment program this year and that’s increasing to $1.9 billion by 2025. The mild first quarter weather, coupled with strong planning and execution, helped us get off to a great start with our construction program. Our transmission capital investments of nearly $350 million are about 60% ahead of the first quarter of 2022 and about 50% ahead of our internal plan. Examples of this work include: upgrading an 8-mile 138 kV transmission line in Ottawa County, Ohio, near Toledo. This project, which is scheduled for completion in May includes streaming new, larger conductor that can handle additional demand, replacing older structures with monopoles and installing more than 40 new components and insulators, upgrading the high-voltage transmission line in New Jersey that is expected to improve system reliability for more than 3,000 customers. This project includes the installation of 53 new wood pole structures to fortify and strengthen the line and help prevent outages. And our transmission program is also facilitating the energy transition by connecting clean energy resources to the grid. Earlier this year, JCP&L completed a grid connection for a 19.8 megawatt solar project located at a former landfill property and not all in New Jersey that is now delivering clean energy through FirstEnergy’s transmission lines. We are excited to continue making these types of investments across our service territory in support of the clean energy future. We are affirming our 2023 guidance of $2.44 to $2.64 per share. As we discussed last quarter, the midpoint of this range represents 6% growth over our original 2022 midpoint of $2.40 per share. We are also introducing second quarter 2023 guidance of $0.40 to $0.50 per share. In addition, we are affirming our targeted 6% to 8% annual operating earnings growth rate. This represents year-over-year growth based off of prior year guidance midpoint. I want to spend a moment discussing our regulated earnings and earnings quality, particularly in light of the current contribution from the Signal Peak mining operation. While this is a legacy investment that we need or control or operate, it has taken on a higher profile over the last year. Based on our plan, the earnings contribution from Signal Peak in 2023 is expected to be less than 15% of our $2.54 guidance midpoint and the expectation longer term is that Signal Peak contribution will decline on an absolute and relative basis, representing less than 10% of 2024 and 2025 consolidated earnings, improving the company’s earnings quality over time. We intend to continue providing transparency around Signal Peak’s contribution going forward. Our focus is on our regulated operations, our state distribution companies and our transmission businesses and on improving the credit quality of the company. We expect significant growth from our regulated operations given current returns in our distribution companies and our customer-focused investment strategies across both distribution and transmission, which will more than offset the decline in Signal Peak and support our expectations of 6% to 8% consolidated average annual earnings growth. I believe we are on the right path to leverage our strengths and deliver value to all of our stakeholders. Now I will turn the call over to Jon Taylor.
Jon Taylor: Thanks, John and good morning, everyone. Although we were significantly impacted by the record-breaking mild temperatures this winter, our underlying business fundamentals remain strong and on track. I will begin my remarks with a regulatory update, then I’ll review our first quarter financial results. Last month, we kicked off a period of significant regulatory activity. Since early March, this includes an application to consolidate our 4 Pennsylvania utilities, which is an important step to align with our state operating model, simplify our legal entity structure and increase the flexibility and efficiency of our financing strategy. We also filed rate cases in New Jersey and Maryland that support critical reliability investments, a modern electric grid and enhancements to the customer experience, while maintaining the lowest residential customer rates among regulated electric distribution companies in both states. Since our last JCP&L rate case in 2020, we’ve made nearly $800 million in investments to modernize and strengthen the electric grid. The JCP&L proposal represents a $185 million revenue increase and supports distribution equity returns of 10.4%. It features enhanced recovery of storm balance costs, expanded vegetation management programs, recovery program costs related to AMI, in electric vehicles and a proposal to normalize pension OPEB costs. The proposal also confirms our plan to file an infrastructure investment program later this year. In Maryland, our proposal for a $44 million net revenue increase supports equity returns of 10.6%. It includes a proposal for the second phase of the electric distribution investment surcharge program, a pension OPEB normalization mechanism and a cost recovery proposal related to COVID and electric vehicle balances. And in Ohio, we filed our fifth electric security plan to support our generation procurement process for non-shopping customers, continued investments in the distribution system, storm and vegetation management writers and energy efficiency programs. The filing also includes proposals to support low-income customers and the electric vehicle customer experience. We requested approval for the new ESP to be effective on June 1, 2024, when the ESP four ends. We’ve included a summary of the key filings together with news releases and links to the dockets on the new regulatory corner section of our IR website. We received a lot of positive feedback about this resource, and we’ll continue to update the site as we move through each of the proceedings. Later this quarter, we plan to file a rate case in West Virginia. And looking further ahead, we are considering the appropriate time to file for new base rates in our third long-term infrastructure investment program in Pennsylvania and we will file a rate case in Ohio in May of 2024. While each utility in each case have unique circumstances, we have noted that recent base rate cases involving other investor-owned utilities in Ohio have been resolved with equity capital structures in the 50% to 54% range and support of ROEs in the 9.5% to 9.9% range. These outcomes align with our plan, which includes the financial impact of our 2021 approved settlement that provided for over $300 million in refunds and bill credits to customers as well as continued rate based growth and the accounting changes that we previously discussed, all of which significantly lowered the returns at our Ohio utilities. I want to spend a few extra minutes on the recent generation filing in West Virginia, where we are working with a broad group of stakeholders to ensure we find the best outcome for our customers. Last December, the Public Service Commission ordered Mon Power to provide an evaluation of purchasing and operating the Pleasants Power Station, a coal-fired plant that we understand is currently slated for closure on May 31. The concept of a potential acquisition of Pleasants was suggested by stakeholders in West Virginia as a replacement for our Fort Martin station, which has a proposed end-of-life date of 2035. We responded to the commission last month indicating that additional time and analysis are needed to properly complete the necessary and complex assessment. Mon Power proposed an option to enter into an interim arrangement with Pleasants’ current owner that would keep the plant operational beyond its May 31 deactivation date. This would allow the needed time to do a thorough analysis and evaluation as requested by the West Virginia PSC. On Monday, the Commission approved our proposal. We will begin negotiations with the plant’s current owner. If we reach an interim agreement that we believe is in the interest of customers and FirstEnergy, we will submit it to the commission. And if approved, this would allow recovery of associated cost through a surcharge. If we can’t reach an agreement that is in the interest of our customers, we will file an update with the commission. To be clear, we don’t see it as a viable option for Mon Power to operate 3 coal-fired power plants in West Virginia. We will continue to work through the process with the PSC and strive for an outcome that best serves our customers, communities and employees in West Virginia. At the same time, we are moving forward with our efforts to support the energy transition across our footprint and we remain committed to our climate strategy and our goal to achieve carbon neutrality from our Scope 1 emissions by 2050. Mon Power continues securing commitments from residential, commercial and industrial customers in the state to purchase solar RECs from our 5 planned utility scale solar generation facilities totaling 50 megawatts. This week, we filed an update with the Commission to begin moving forward with 3 of the 5 sites, totaling 30 megawatts of capacity and to obtain approval of a small surcharge. Turning to first quarter results and other financial matters, first quarter GAAP earnings were $0.51 per share and operating earnings were $0.60 per share, which is just below the midpoint of our guidance despite the impact of a very mild winter across our footprint. Absent the impact of weather, we were on plan for the quarter. In our distribution business, first quarter results benefited primarily from our capital investment programs, higher weather-adjusted load and lower operating expenses, including employee benefit costs and the maintenance work we accelerated into 2022. These were offset by a significant decrease in weather-related demand, lower pension credits and higher financing costs related to our financing activity in the second half of 2022. Record-setting mild temperatures this winter, with heating degree days 18% below last year impacted total customer demand by 8% or $0.12 per share. On a weather-adjusted basis, distribution deliveries increased more than 2%, which was very nice to see. Residential sales decreased 8% from the first quarter of 2022, but increased 5% on a weather-adjusted basis. Compared to pre-pandemic levels, weather-adjusted sales to residential customers are trending about 4% higher. In the commercial sector, deliveries decreased 7% compared to the first quarter of 2022 due to lower weather-related demand, but increased almost 2% on a weather-adjusted basis. While sales to commercial customers continue to recover, they lack 2019 levels by more than 4%. Finally, first quarter 2023 sales to industrial customers decreased slightly compared to the first quarter of 2022, driven by the chemicals, metals and plastics sectors. Industrial sales remained just below pre-pandemic levels, but we continue to see fairly strong growth in some of our other industrial sectors, such as steel, services and other manufacturing. As for weather-adjusted load, we do expect a positive trend to continue relative to our plan, especially in the residential class, helping offset some of the lower weather-related sales we experienced in the first quarter. Additionally, operating expenses in our distribution business reflect the continued focus on our cost structure, and we are pursuing additional cost reductions to further offset the impact of mild first quarter temperatures. Turning to first quarter drivers in our transmission business. Results primarily benefited from rate base growth of 8% compared to the first quarter of 2022 associated with our Energizing the Future investment program, offset by dilution from the minority interest sale in FET that closed in May 2022. As Jon mentioned, we started the year off strong with our capital investment program in our transmission business, deploying nearly $350 million of capital, which is significantly above our internal plan. First quarter results in our Corporate segment benefited from higher investment earnings from Signal Peak and lower financing costs associated with holding company debt redemptions in 2022, which more than offset the lower pension credit. Signal Peak’s contribution in Q1 of this year was $0.08 per share, but we expect a slight decrease to its projected earnings for the full year due to current forward market prices for coal. While weather had a significant impact for the first 3 months of the year, it’s not taking us off our plan. We expect to offset the weather impact this quarter as well as projected lower earnings contribution from Signal Peak through stronger weather-adjusted load, additional cost reduction opportunities as well as opportunities to optimize our financing plans. Thank you for your time this morning. We recognize we have some work to do given the mild winter temperatures this quarter, but we see this as manageable. We remain focused on executing our plan and creating long-term value for our investors, customers, communities and employees. Now let’s open the call to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your question. 
Shar Pourreza: Hey, good morning, guys. 
John Somerhalder: Good morning, Shar. 
Shar Pourreza: Just a couple of ones here. We’re sort of thinking about the upcoming Ohio rate case. Just maybe from a high level, what sort of – what are the asks there? Is it primary capital and rate base, deferred costs, O&M true-ups? Do you sort of anticipate something to be more rate-neutral? And kind of related to that, how should we be thinking about historical precedents with sort of a newer commission as we think about some of the key regulatory items like goodwill and how that may be treated differently in this upcoming case?
Jon Taylor: Yes. Well, Shar, so if you look at the returns for the Ohio utilities, they have been trending down over the last few years. If you go back to 2020, we were reporting returns in the 13% range versus 8.3% as of the end of March. Obviously, the seat settlement that we reached back in 2021 impacted the returns significantly with those annual rate credits to customers, the accounting changes that we made around veg management and corporate support cost had an impact on our returns as well as just continued investment in rate base with about $1.5 billion of incremental rate base, which is over 50% since the last rate case, which comes with the associated increases in depreciation and property taxes. And to your point, if you look at recently approved rate cases in Ohio, ROEs have averaged somewhere between 9.5% to 9.9% and capital structures with equity between 50% to 54%. And that’s really in line with what’s included in our DCR and AMI riders that recovers our distribution reliability and in Grid Mod capital investment program. So I feel like we’ve positioned the Ohio companies the best we can, and we’re looking forward to the opportunity to file the case next year.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then lastly for me, just obviously, it’s impacting the stock a little bit this morning. Just in your queue there is some new language around potentially using hybrids. Can you just maybe expand on that, how it ties into your thinking around equity? Are you kind of looking at converts in the traditional sense or ones that have been utilized lately with some of your peers where the window to convert is shorter, it’s less dilutive, you don’t really get the equity credit? I guess, really, the question here is, are you looking for equity credit or not? Thanks.
Jon Taylor: Well, I would say our first focus is filing the application for the Brookfield transaction and to get that closed. And if you think about that transaction, coupled with the other transactions that we’ve already closed on, we will have raised $7 billion of equity or equity-like capital. When it comes to other instruments that you’re referring to, we look at all types of instruments all the time to see if we can maximize or optimize our financing plan. and that’s exactly what we do. If you’re looking at our short-term borrowing rate at 6.5%, 7%, we feel like we need to look at opportunities to find cheap financing to offset those costs.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. So just to summarize your language around not needing equity has not changed to the plan?
Jon Taylor: Correct. Correct.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Prefect. Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question. 
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
John Somerhalder: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to come back to Signal Peak a little bit, if you could. Just wondering, I guess, beyond 2024, what’s the run rate EPS contribution? How should we think about that over time? And is there a strategic plan for the asset going forward?
Jon Taylor: So Jeremy, we’ve talked about before. In our plan today, we see Signal Peak’s earnings contribution declining on an absolute basis as well as a relative basis. So less than 10% of the earnings going forward. And right now, if you look at the price curve for Newcastle Coal, on average about $175 a ton, that supports that assumption. Strategically, we’ve looked at that asset before. It’s a very difficult asset to monetize, but it is something that we look at from time to time, we will continue to do so.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s helpful. Thanks for that. And then just wanted to kind of dive into weather, a little bit more, if I could. And clearly outlined before, I guess, offset to $0.38 pension headwind, but then weather is probably a bit more of an impact on the plan than when the guidance was originally provided. And you talked about, I guess, Signal Peak weather just load additional cost reduction opportunities and optimizing the finance plan to offset weather. But just wondering if you could quantify a little bit more how you’ve seen the weather impact versus plan for year-to-date or expectations at this point? And which of those buckets present kind of the bigger opportunities to deliver offsets?
Jon Taylor: Yes. So the weather for Q1 was about a $0.12 impact to the plan. Absent the abnormal conditions we saw in Q1, we would be slightly ahead of plan for the first quarter. Now we have seen positive, what I’ll call, weather-adjusted load primarily in our residential sector. We’ve seen that trend over the last several months. In fact, if you look at the last few years, our residential load typically comes in anywhere from 1% to 2% better than our load forecast. And so we see a little bit of a tailwind associated with weather-adjusted load for the rest of the year. As you mentioned, we are looking at further cost reduction opportunities. You probably saw, we’ve terminated some sponsorship agreements. We announced a facility optimization plan that – to consolidate real estate. And we’re also being very selective in backfilling attrition, especially for our non-bargaining employees. And then we’re also looking at our financing plan, as I mentioned earlier, in terms of how we can reduce short-term borrowings and we get better cost of capital associated with our debt financings.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s helpful. So even if 2Q guidance was below, I guess, where The Street was, things are still kind of progressing in line with your expectations and these offsets can keep you firmly towards the midpoint of your plan?
Jon Taylor: That’s right. In fact, if you look at just quarter by quarter and if you think about last year, really what’s going to help us offset the pension is some of the actions we took last year to accelerate operating expenses from ‘23 into ‘22, and we really didn’t make that decision until the third quarter. So you’ll really see the uplift in earnings beginning in the third quarter.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s helpful. I will leave it there. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question. 
Steve Fleishman: Yes. Hi, thanks. Good morning. John, maybe just – John, two Johns, Somerhalder, just a little more color on kind of the Board’s thoughts on hiring Brian and kind of what you think he brings to the company?
John Somerhalder: Yes. I mean as we’ve talked about, Steve, Brian was always someone that we thought would be very good in this role because of his deep experience in this industry. also is time Blackstone, that was very valuable experience. So we always viewed him as a really good candidate. We were very pleased that early this year. We saw him as available. We did not before that, but we saw that he saw the great fit as well. So there was mutual belief that he could be the right person. And truly his experience around regulatory environment in Ohio, other locations, all of his experience around the best way to run the operations and optimize operations over time, all fit with our plan. The heavy investments in our wires business, our T&D business, and so the more we discussed earlier this year with Brian, the more we saw that is the right fit. And obviously, the Board really feels good about the fact that Brian will be joining us on June 1. We’ve been able to spend some time with Brian. He’s been very busy, but we’ve spent some very good quality time, and I continue to be very confident that he’s the right person and I’m very confident in his ability to execute and deliver on our plan.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And just along those lines, there seems to be kind of – I know it’s kind of hard to speak for Brian, but just there is been some narrative that maybe Brian comes in and like rebases the plan. Just any thoughts on like is that unlikely, assuming people are thinking rebates lower when they say that?
John Somerhalder: Yes, Steve, I mean, we have spent a good amount of time with Brian and provided a lot of good information. Based upon my interactions with Brian, I’m confident that he’s committed to execute on our plan.
Steve Fleishman: Yes. And then just on the whole issue with the kind of thinking about – I’m sorry, just on the hybrid comment, I just wanted to just clarify that one more time. The – when you are thinking about optimizing the financing cost, this is more of like a hybrid that’s focused on a debt-like instrument like TPL and Southern and Allianz [ph] and a bunch of people have just done and not something that’s more equity focused?
Jon Taylor: That’s correct.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
David Arcaro: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Noticed that another phase of the New Jersey offshore wind transmission need was issued recently, and you had success in the first one. So I was wondering if you had any early read, if you could speak to your prospects for this next round of transmission need?
Jon Taylor: Yes, Dave, I mean, I think we will take a look at all of those types of proposals as they come up. We – I don’t – I think it’s too early to handicap at this stage our prospects. But something that we’re very interested in participating in. We think we’re well positioned in the state to provide value and support those plans, and we will keep the investor community up to speed as we progress.
David Arcaro: Got it. And on coal-driven earnings this year and on Signal Peak, I guess we’ve seen domestic coal prices notch down quite a bit since the beginning of the year. I was wondering if there is any view of a declining earnings contribution for this year, specifically versus what you had been originally contemplating in the guidance or do you have visibility into contracted levels that would potentially insulate you there?
Jon Taylor: Yes. I mean we have seen some decline in Newcastle power prices or coal prices, but you got to remember that about 60% of their volume was already locked in at a fixed price and about 40% of it was indexed to Newcastle coal prices. So we have seen with those index times a slight deterioration in the earnings contribution for Signal Peak, but it’s not nearly as dramatic as the decline in Newcastle forward prices, and it’s manageable in the context of what we’re thinking about for this year.
John Somerhalder: Yes. I mean there are – there is a fairly big disconnect between domestic coal prices in the U.S. compared to seaborne coal prices. And the good news is the first quarter came in very much in line with what our expectations were. And if you look at the forward curve, even though it’s coming down, it’s very much in line and supportive of what we have in our ‘24 and ‘25 plan. The real impact we see is this year, the prices because of the supply-demand fundamentals, milder conditions in Europe, fairly robust supply from some areas that supply Newcastle coal, Australia and others, the impact tends to be over the next several quarters where we see the impact. And as John said, that’s what we’re putting together plans to make sure we have other ways to address that and stay on track with our plan.
David Arcaro: Yes. Okay. Thanks. That makes sense. One more quick question for me. I was curious just with the New Jersey management audit report that came out recently, wondering if you could just give your view, your perspective on that and initiatives you might be pursuing in the state around some of the recommendations there.
Jon Taylor: Well, it was a very comprehensive report. We’re continuing to review the recommendations. I think we have an opportunity to provide feedback at some point down the road, and we will do that at the right time. But we’re going through the recommendations. I think there are many recommendations that we will accept, but there are probably some recommendations that we will need to have further discussion on.
David Arcaro: Okay. Thanks very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Angie Storozynski with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So, maybe first with 2024 and how you plan to manage your pensions costs. So yes, I see the OPEB and pension cost trackers embedded in the New Jersey and Maryland applications. The Ohio issue and the Pennsylvania issue won’t be addressed for a while, you will have lower contributions from Signal Peak, as you just noted, and yes, I know that the market has recovered somewhat. But looking at your allocation, you have an issue on the credit side, right, with the investments at least based on the latest disclosures on how you allocated your pension accounts. So, should we brace for another weakness – another year of weakness in earnings in ‘24 associated with pension?
Jon Taylor: Well, I mean, Angie, I think through the first quarter, the pension has performed very well. I think the returns were 7%. The discount rate had come down about 20 basis points. And we are tracking to that level as we speak today. And so in the plan, we have pension, the pension kind of at the same level we have this year, and we are working to get trackers to protect the companies from volatility in the pension plan in New Jersey, in Maryland and we will likely propose something like that in West Virginia. So, we are doing what we can to protect customers as well as investors from the volatility in the pension plan. But based on everything we know today, everything is tracking a little bit better than we had anticipated.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then changing topics on the other, Jon, maybe. Okay. So, we have gone through a couple of catalysts that were supposed to benefit the stock. The discounts on a relative basis hasn’t really changed, I understand that we are still waiting for upgrades to investment grade at the holdco level. But is there – as the Board looks at what’s been happening, is there any suggestions maybe to change the course, or is it just sticking to the current plan and then over time, the execution against the plan will basically be reflected in the stock?
John Somerhalder: Yes. I think absolutely the latter. The Board strongly supports the plan. I mean we view this as – the most important thing is that we execute on the plan and continue to execute on the plan. I think our track record over the last year or 2 years related to the Brookfield first transaction, Jon talked about, the second transaction. What we have done related to even with supply chain issues, making sure that we are investing in our business and meeting our schedules on capital deployment. The Board really views that the steps we have taken to-date, the good progress we have made and continued execution on that plan is what will deliver the value and close that discount gap that you referenced. So, Board is firmly committed to that plan.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Sophie Karp with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Sophie Karp: Hi. Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. Maybe first about the Ohio rate case that you will be filing in the not-so-distant future, I was wondering if you guys considered or is it under consideration to combine the three utilities in Ohio and what kind of challenges would that present if you were to request something like that?
Jon Taylor: Well, I do think at some point down the road, we are going to look to consolidate our Ohio utilities just like we have proposed in Pennsylvania. The timing is a little bit to be determined. And so we are just working through that. But regardless of whether we propose to consolidate, you are still going to likely have three sets of rate books, right. And you will kind of get to parity within the tariffs over time. I think we have had other utilities in the state that have consolidated their entities as well as their rate books, and that took some time. The legal entity consolidation is one step, but then to consolidate from a rate perspective, probably takes several rate cases a few years, that type of thing. So, it is something that we are looking at and we will likely execute on, but the timing is a little bit to be determined.
Sophie Karp: Got it. Thank you. And my follow-up is on West Virginia. So, the acquisition, the potential acquisition of Pleasants that you are exploring there, I don’t know how to phrase it, but is there a way that – is it possible that if you could pay political price there if you decided to not go through with that? Like in other words, is it almost like an impossible situation for you where you have to acquire it?
John Somerhalder: What we are committed to do is work very closely with the State of West Virginia with the commission. And they have instructed us to do this analysis. I mean we see this as – we all have an interest to make sure this is in the best interest of the customers in West Virginia, the State of West Virginia. And that because of the fact that the plant is a newer plant, has enhanced environmental controls, it’s a good question that needs to be evaluated. So, we see it as an appropriate thing to do. We do need to make sure it’s in the best interest of our customers and all. And so we see this as an opportunity to truly evaluate whether this is the right path forward. We are committed to work with the group or with all the stakeholders in West Virginia.
Sophie Karp: Alright. Thank you for the comments. Appreciate it. That’s all for me.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mr. Gregg Orrill with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Gregg Orrill: Yes. Thank you. Just following up on sort of the Ohio audits and the ability to – what is sort of the ability to maybe accelerate those? You have got the stay there. Obviously, it’s not a process that you have set out. But is there any flexibility there to maybe get that resolved faster?
Jon Taylor: Hey Greg, this is Jon Taylor. Those audits have been stayed for another six-month period. I think that happened back in February. So, you are looking at the August timeframe where they could potentially start back up. But in between [Technical Difficulty] and then there is really nothing that we can do to resolve those or to continue with that work. It’s just really up to the commission who ordered the stay. And as soon as the stay is lifted, then we hope to get back to working to resolve those.
Gregg Orrill: Sounds good. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mr. Julien Dumolin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Hi. Good morning. Thank you, guys for the time. Appreciate it. Just first off, coming back to some of the FE Forward conversation, you guys alluded to it at the start of the call, whether that’s real estate optimization or otherwise? Can you elaborate at least today on what that total run rate is? How much of an opportunity and offset the pension that is over time, say, in the outer years? And then separately, Signal Peak, was that hedged out to ‘24, ‘25, how much if any is…?
Jon Taylor: Yes. I mean so the facility optimization effort is probably a $0.02 run rate type of impact if you look at the lease cost, if you look at the maintenance costs, those types of expenses that we incur associated with the facility. So, it’s not a significant driver in the terms of the level of O&M that we spend, but it’s important. Those types of things add up. And with respect to your second question on Signal Peak, they will probably start hedging ‘24, I would say, later either this summer or early fall, which is consistent with their past practices. But at this point in time, that’s open.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Yes. So, that’s what I thought. Thank you. If I can, just pivoting the conversation back to where Steve was going earlier about kind of a longer term view. At what point in time do you think you come back with a little bit more of a longer term perspective? I also appreciate that you guys very carefully have focused on this targeted 6% to 8% sort of an annualized basis rather than having these multiyear CAGRs or what have you? But is there at some point where you give kind of a view that gives an extended perspective kind of beyond kind of the noise of what Signal Peak is providing, maybe that adjusts for the pace of rate base growth and reflect something that really is a buy-in from…?
John Somerhalder: Yes. Julien, I don’t want to commit to a timeframe. Obviously, we want to get Brian on Board and get him ready to go with the plan and put his fingerprint on it. So, I am going to leave it as kind of a to-be-determined. But my sense is, we will give you that outlook at some point in time. But I just want Brian to come in and really get into the details of the plan and really try to drive where he wants to take the company going forward.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Got it. And if I can grasp my one other point, you feel good about the 6% to 8% perspective beyond kind of the Signal Peak ‘24, ‘25 period, if I hear you right?
John Somerhalder: Yes. If you look at the level of capital investment that is needed across the system, yes, I feel really good about the 6% to 8% long-term.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Got it. Okay. Excellent. Thank you, guys very much. Have a great day. See you soon.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey. Good morning, apologies for not yelling into the phone. But just – quickly just some more housekeeping questions, I guess on Slide 11, you talk about sales data, really strong residential sales at over 5%, slight industrial decline. I guess if you could just talk about the drivers of what’s really driving the residential growth? Is it people moving into the service territory or EVs or something like that?
Jon Taylor: Yes. So, the 5% when you have like extreme weather conditions like we saw in the first quarter, coming up with your – the weather impact and the weather adjusted impact, it’s a little bit more of an art than a science just because of the extreme circumstances. So – but what I would say is that the trends over the last few quarters and quite frankly, if you look at our performance over the last few years, the trends have been favorable relative to our forecast in the residential sector, increasing 1% to 3% depending on the month, depending on the time of year. So, that’s what we are seeing and that’s what we are kind of forecasting for the rest of this year.
John Somerhalder: Yes. I mean we have seen the right trend related to EVs and other factors, not really people moving into the service territory. But that’s starting to drive, but that’s a fairly small issue right now. Most of what we have seen is really just the trend over the last couple of years of usage residentially with people more working from home and other factors that have influenced it and we are now being able to take that into account with our weather-adjusted load moving forward.
Anthony Crowdell: Is the industrial – and I guess I know that would be extreme weather in the, as Jon mentioned, are over science. Just a slight decline in industrial load, I think in your prepared remarks, was that more related to just one segment of the economy there?
Jon Taylor: No. I mean we saw it a little bit like auto has taken a little bit of a downturn in terms of what we are seeing in the industrial sector. Metals was slightly down, plastic and rubber was a little bit down. But we are also seeing some bright points. Steel continues to perform very well. Food and manufacturing tends to perform very well. So, it’s a little bit of a mix.
Anthony Crowdell: And then if I could switch gears on Slide 8 where you give us a walk-through and maybe a little different path in Julien’s question on the FE Forward to achieve. Just I think and you removed $0.05 of earning – of non-recurring earnings from GAAP to operating. Just how do we think about those charges as we work through the year? Is it likely that we continue to see those charges or do you think that one-time in nature, we don’t really see a repetition of that throughout ‘23?
Jon Taylor: Well, the $0.05 charge in Q1 was primarily the termination agreement for a sponsorship we had. You won’t see that level of cost to achieve going forward.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Got it. Okay. Great. I will leave it there. Thanks for taking my questions.
John Somerhalder: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mr. Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Weisel: Hi. Good morning everyone. Anthony, beat me to it. I was going to say we will miss hearing your name bring the brown games, but I understand the decision there. Most of the questions were asked and answered. Just one quick on FFO to debt, I know you were at 11% last year. You are very clear on the 14% to 15% target over time. My question is kind of what’s your latest thinking on when you might get there? Given the FET sale and some moving parts around coal, could we see that level in 2024, or is it going to take a couple more years of growth?
Jon Taylor: No, we definitely have a solid plan to get there by 2025. I think a lot of it depends on the level of proceeds that comes in from the FET sale initially. We have – we will see 50% of the proceeds that’s a minimum, but we could see more and put that money to work. And if we receive more of the money upfront, then there is a possibility we could be at that 14% level. If you net the receivable against the debt, we would absolutely be at 14%. But once we get the proceeds and put that to work, we will be in that 14% to 15% range.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Somerhalder for closing comments.
John Somerhalder: Thank you. Thank you everyone for joining us today. We very much appreciate your continued support this year.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-14 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you. Ms. Irene Prezelj, you may begin.
Irene Prezelj: Thank you. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings call. Today, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other matters. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by these statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the Earnings Information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between non-GAAP financial measures, the presentation that supports today's discussion and other detailed information about the quarter and year, can be found in the strategic and financial highlights document on the Investors section of our website. We'll begin today's call with presentations from John Somerhalder, our Board Chair and Interim President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jon Taylor, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Several other executives will be available for the Q&A session. Now I'll turn the call over to John Somerhalder.
John Somerhalder: Thanks, Irene. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. We had a strong year in 2022, and we are excited to make even more progress on our goals in 2023. Our full year 2022 GAAP earnings are $0.71 per share and operating earnings are $2.41 per share, which is slightly above the midpoint of our guidance range. Before I get started today, I would like to take a minute to say thank you to all of our employees for their efforts over the past year. I'm proud of what they've accomplished and company we have become. Our progress this past year is due to the efforts of our 12,000 employees who are serving our customers and working to make this company better for the long term. Thank you. With that, we have a lot of ground to cover today, so let's get started. Two years ago, we were taking some of the first steps to transform FirstEnergy. In 2022, we hit full stride, stretching ourselves to strengthen and enhance nearly every aspect of our organization. The scope and pace of these changes have been remarkable. Just to touch on a few of the highlights. First, we made significant improvements in our financial position. This includes deploying proceeds from the $1 billion common equity issuance that closed in late 2021, together with the $2.4 billion to 19.9% interest sale in FirstEnergy Transmission LLC that closed midyear to reduce debt by nearly $3 billion in 2022, most of which was at APICORP. As a result, we lowered holding company debt as a percentage of total debt to 24% from 33% at the end of 2021. On the operational front, we transitioned to a new five-state operating model and engaged in more than 175 projects across the Company to modernize the way we work and deliver a superior customer experience as part of our FE Forward program. At the same time, we continue to enrich our culture with an unwavering commitment to our core values. As a result of this work, we're entering 2023 as a more innovative, efficient and forward-thinking organization where employees are sharing ideas and working to move the Company forward. This year, we intend to build on our momentum. We're working to be a premier electric company with a strong foundation and a customer center focus that is enabling the clean energy transition. Earlier this month, we announced an agreement to sell an additional 30% interest in FirstEnergy Transmission LLC to Brookfield's Super-Core Infrastructure Partners for $3.5 billion. This transaction, which is expected to close in early 2024, supports our plans to improve our balance sheet and for approximately $1 billion of incremental capital investments, which we believe will drive long-term value for all our stakeholders. And as John will discuss, our regulatory calendar will address the critical investments that support reliability and smarter and cleaner electric grid. We are introducing 2023 guidance of $2.44 to $2.64 per share. The midpoint of this range represents a 6% growth from our original 2022 midpoint of $2.40 per share, and it offsets the pension impacts we discussed last year. We are also introducing first quarter 2023 guidance of $0.56 to $0.66 per share. In addition, we are affirming our targeted 6% to 8% annual operating earnings growth rate, which represents year-over-year growth based off of the prior year guidance midpoint. I'd like to spend a moment to provide an update on the CEO search process, and I realize there is much interest in this important topic. Late last year, we shared the broad criteria that we were looking for a strong track record of executive leadership within the utility industry, have demonstrated ability to execute on the regulatory front, leading operational and financial discipline and impeccable credibility with external stakeholders. And we always anticipated a three- to six-month time line. I can share that interest has been strong. The process has been quite active since the beginning of the year and discussions among the Board and select candidates continue. The Board is committed to selecting the right individual to lead our talented team, and we trust you will respect the process through its conclusion. We look forward to sharing the announcement when the Board completes its work. In the meantime, we continue to execute on the strategy we have in place. The Board and the management team are fully committed to this path and the expectation is that the new CEO, once name, will be as well. It's an exciting time for FirstEnergy as we're poised to leverage our many strengths from our diverse assets to the transformation that has taken place since 2020 to the talented employees who are making the Company stronger with their drive, passion and ingenuity. I appreciate your continued support. We are concentrating our efforts on long-term stability and success as a leading utility. We will continue to navigate our path with the same determined focus you've seen over the last few years. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jon Taylor.
Jon Taylor: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. I joined John in thanking our employees for their incredible work this past year. Their perseverance and commitment made it possible for us to navigate challenging conditions and make important progress on our goals. We have a busy year ahead of us as we continue driving towards our aspirations and laying additional groundwork for our future success. I'll start my remarks with a review of our top regulatory and business priorities. Then we'll move to a discussion of 2022 financial results and 2023 expectations. We have an active regulatory calendar this year. Later this quarter, we'll file for new distribution rates in New Jersey and Maryland and file an application to consolidate our Pennsylvania legal entities. Then by midyear, we plan to file a rate case in West Virginia, an electric security plan in Ohio in an infrastructure investment program, or IIP in New Jersey. Broadly speaking, the rate cases will address the significant customer-focused investments we've made since our last rate cases in each of the states and provide an opportunity to bring our distribution equity returns in line with the industry average allowed returns. At the end of 2022, our weighted average ROE was 7.7% and while authorized ROEs ranged from 9.6% to 10.5%. Our current residential rates are 10% to 40% below our peers in the states we serve and we are sensitive to the pressures of the current inflationary environment on our customers. Our rate cases this year will ensure we maintain our affordability position while enhancing the customer experience, provide further support for low-income customers and support the critical investments for a more reliable, resilient and smarter electric grid. Each filing will address unique elements to better serve customers in that state. For example, the Maryland and New Jersey rate cases will highlight our plans to improve distribution reliability through incremental investments. In Maryland, we plan to file concurrently with the rate case for continuation of the electric distribution investment surcharge. And in New Jersey, our rate case will highlight our plan to file an infrastructure investment program by the middle of this year. These programs will focus on investments such as circuit resiliency and reliability, feeder sectionalization and distribution automation and substation upgrades. In West Virginia, the rate case will reflect our recently filed proposal with the commission to update depreciation rates associated with Mon Power's II coal-fired generation assets, which based on the depreciation study, would have retirement dates of 2035 and 2040. Any increase in depreciation rates would not take effect until conclusion of the upcoming base rate case. Turning to consolidation of our four Pennsylvania utilities, this is an important step to align with our new state operating model, simplify our legal entity structure and increase the flexibility and efficiency of our financing strategy. This consolidation won't represent any changes in current electric rates for our Pennsylvania customers. Those will be combined as appropriate over time through future rate case activity. In Ohio, our ESP V will adjust generation procurement for non-shopping customers after the current ESP expires in May of next year. In addition, this filing will address other regulatory programs and mechanisms such as continuation of existing capital writers such as the DCR and AI. And as we extend our commitment to have a broad stakeholder dialogue, we are considering programs that support energy efficiency, low income and additional customer-related initiatives. We also look forward to advancing the $626 million Ohio grid mod Phase 2 capital investment plan, which was filed last July. If approved by the commission, grid mod will continue our work to enhance the delivery of safe, reliable power, offer modern customer experiences and support emerging technologies. As we make each major regulatory filing, we'll post a convenient and comprehensive summary to our IR website. You'll find this information on the Investor Materials page of the site and a new section named regulatory corner. Turning to financial matters. Our recent agreement with Brookfield represents an excited milestone in our progress to be a premier utility with a strong financial position and sustainable long-term growth. The $3.5 billion transaction will deliver highly attractive, efficient equity financing. The transaction is structured with a $1.75 billion due at closing and aligned with our investment and financing plans an 18-month $1.75 billion note at 5.75% interest. Once the transaction closes, we intend to deploy the proceeds to further improve our credit metrics and our balance sheet targeting FFO to debt metrics of 14% to 15%. The proceeds also supported more than 10% increase in our 2024 and 2025 capital investment plans. We're using nearly $1 billion into the CapEx plan, brining our target to approximately $18 billion over the 2021 to '25 period. Through this plan, we're targeting 75% formula rate investments and more than 7% average annual rate base growth beginning in 2024. We will use NOLs and existing tax credits to offset most of the taxable gain on the transaction, resulting in an expected cash taxes of approximately $50 million. Beginning in 2023 and moving forward, we expect to be a federal cash taxpayer at approximately $200 million annually. Our agreement to sell an additional 30% interest in FET triggered a deferred gain on the prior 19.9% sale that was completed in 2022. We As a result, we recognized a $752 million non-cash charge in our fourth quarter '22 GAAP results. Operating earnings were $0.50 per share for the fourth quarter of 2022 and on an adjusted basis, excluding unique drivers this year, which include the impact of accounting changes, rate credits provided to Ohio customers and equity financing transactions. Fourth quarter operating earnings increased $0.09 per share or 22% compared to the same period in 2021. In our distribution business, fourth quarter results benefited from weather-related demand, along with the impact of our capital investment programs. These results nearly offset higher operating expenses, primarily associated with accelerating certain planned maintenance work, incremental reliability activities and higher material and storm costs. Total distribution deliveries increased 2%, resulting from weather that was closer to historic norms compared to the very mild fourth quarter of 2021 and increased demand from industrial customers. Residential sales increased 3% from the fourth quarter of 2021, but decreased slightly on a weather-adjusted basis. Consistent with our observations on the October call, sales to residential customers remain about 3% higher than pre-pandemic levels. In the commercial sector, fourth quarter deliveries were up slightly from the prior year due to weather and decreased almost 2% on a weather-adjusted basis. While sales to commercial customers increased slightly overall in 2022, they continue to lag 2019 levels by more than 4%. Finally, sales to industrial customers increased nearly 2% compared to the fourth quarter of 2021, led by continued recovery in the automotive, mining, fabricated metals and steel sectors. Overall, industrial sales are trending closer to pre-pandemic levels with full year 2022 sales less than 1% below 2019 and fourth quarter 2022 sales flat to 2019 levels. In our transmission business, fourth quarter results benefited from continued formula rate base growth of 9% year-over-year associated with our Energizing the Future investment program as well as lower financing costs. I want to take a quick second to recognize our transmission, supply chain and materials operations teams, who overcame significant supply chain and other issues in 2022, investing nearly $1.4 billion in projects to improve grid reliability and resiliency. For example, we successfully completed the first segment of a 64-mile transmission line rebuild that will enhance service reliability for customers in Eastern Ohio. And in Central New Jersey, construction is only on two projects that will upgrade 19 miles of transmission lines and benefit 50,000 customers. In 2023, our transmission investment plan is $1.7 billion, and we have a long project pipeline ahead of us in this premium business. And finally, our corporate segment benefited from higher investment earnings from the Signal Peak mining operation and lower financing costs associated with the holding company debt redemptions earlier this year. For the full year, we reported GAAP earnings of $0.71 per share, largely reflecting the non-cash tax charge I mentioned earlier. Full year 2022 operating earnings were $2.41 per share, slightly above the midpoint of our guidance. Again, on an adjusted basis, excluding the accounting changes, Ohio rate credits and equity transactions, we achieved a $0.26 improvement in operating earnings compared to 2021, which represents 12% year-over-year growth. Our solid financial performance resulted in $2.7 billion in cash from operations last year, which is in line with our expectations, and we made more than $3.2 billion in customer-focused regulated investments and plan to execute our 2023 capital investment plan of $3.4 billion. And we met our 2022 FFO to debt target, executed our financing plan and achieved investment-grade credit ratings with Fitch and just recently received a positive outlook from S&P. The materials posted to our website yesterday afternoon contain an updated financial outlook through 2025, including our capital plan, load forecast and financing plan. It's our expectation that we will extend our outlook beyond 2025 later this year. As John mentioned, our 2023 earnings guidance of $2.44 to $2.64 per share reflects overcoming the enormous challenge we face related to the pension, which year-over-year was a $0.38 impact to our 2023 plan. The combination of accelerating O&M into 2022 together with lower interest expense resulting from debt reductions and earnings from Signal support our projection for 6% growth year-over-year at the guidance midpoint. Our focus is executing on our plan to drive strong regulated earnings growth, resulting in our long-term 6% to 8% growth outlook, anchored by increasing transmission and distribution utility investments. While pension and the positive offset provided in the near term by Signal Peak have complicated our earnings story, we are laser-focused as a management team to improve the earnings quality over time by replacing earnings from the Signal Peak and pension with high-quality core T&D earnings growth and the significant benefits associated with improving our balance sheet. In terms of other 2023 drivers, our expectation is for the continued strong growth from the investments we're making for our 6 million customers in our distribution and transmission businesses and an improvement in our cost structure, driven in part by the work we accelerated into 2022, but this is certainly an area we will need to keep an eye on with respect to inflationary pressures. And ending on another positive note, we are fresh off a recent Board meeting, where we discuss the importance of the dividend to our investors. The Board approved a new dividend policy that raises our targeted payout ratio to 60% to 70% up from 55% to 65% previously. And we also expect to resume dividend growth subject to Board approval for dividends payable late this year. Our new payout ratio is more in line with our peers, and reflects the steps we've taken to improve our credit profile and our commitment to enhancing value for investors. And as I mentioned on Friday, S&P moved First Energy to a positive outlook based on the announcement of the asset sale and our strategy to use those proceeds in a credit supportive manner. We're pleased with this action, which recognize our work to deliver on our commitments. I'm excited about our plans for this year and for the future. We've taken significant steps over the past few years in a broad range of areas to move the Company forward from the cultural changes, the improvement of our financial and credit profile and the execution on our regulatory strategy focused on benefiting our customers. We feel like we have great momentum for the future focused on delivering value for our customers, shareholders and all of our stakeholders. As always, thank you for your time and your interest in FirstEnergy. Before we take your questions, I'm going to turn the call back over to John.
John Somerhalder: Thanks, John. We'll have plenty of time for your questions, but I wanted to take another opportunity to say how pleased I am with FirstEnergy's progress. As you've heard this morning, this team has delivered on our goals. They have diligently executed our plan, and they have exemplified our commitment to performance excellence. I'm proud of where we are as a company, and I'm excited about our future. Now, let's open to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Nick Campanella with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Campanella: Appreciate all the disclosures, a lot in the deck here. So I guess, John, on the CEO time line, can you just help us understand what the expectation is on the time line now? Should you have someone announced before the second quarter call? Can you kind of help narrow that down for us a little bit more?
John Somerhalder: Yes. Thanks Nick. Consistent with what we've talked about earlier, which is not only the criteria, what we're looking for, and we talked about that as part of the prepared remarks, the time line that we talked about three to six months. Everything we're viewing now is still consistent with that. I can tell you that we've had quite a bit of activity related to the Board search process so far this year. It's been very active and that continues as we speak right now. I think a couple of positives are that because we've continued to execute as a company, we see good progress, and that's what we indicated that even though we were going through the CEO search process that we continue to execute on things like the FET transactions, that's been a very positive. Also, the Board has been very focused on getting the right individual. But saying that, we do realize that we want to address this issue, the Board has a high priority right now and is very active on concluding the search.
Nick Campanella: Okay. All right. And then, I guess, you guys have done a good job like offsetting the pension headwind with the Signal Peak earnings, which do see material and just acknowledging your prepared remarks, those are probably more cyclical type earnings. So just as we think about the fact that you're going to extend the plan in the coming later part of this year, and the fact that maybe by '25, the Signal Peak earnings may not be there, just -- what are the offsets that kind of keep you within that annual 6% to 8% growth trajectory that you can kind of share with us if you've identified anything?
Jon Taylor: Nick, this is John Taylor. So let me maybe take a few minutes to kind of explain how we're thinking about the long term. So if you think about 2023 ex pension and ex-Signal Peak, there's going to be obviously significant improvement in the earnings year-over-year of the business, mainly because of the actions that we took last year to accelerate maintenance expenses and the plans that we put in place for additional cost controls this year. The interest expense benefits from improving the balance sheet as the holding company as well as continued growth in our transmission business. And those items more than offset the decline in Signal Peak and pension that was close to 30% of our earnings in 2022. And now for this year is projected to be about 15% of our earnings in 2023. So, if I think about the plan going forward, I think what you'll see is above-average growth from the business ex-pension, ex-Signal Peak from new base rates and formula program capital spend in our distribution companies, the continued organic growth from our transmission business and then how we're going to deploy the proceeds in an EPS accretive way from the FET transaction. And so our current plan, pension Signal Peak is going to be less of a contribution in those outer years, representing probably around 10% of the total earnings of the Company. So obviously, what's going to be important for us is regulatory outcomes, cost control is going to be very important. And that, along with our transmission business continuing to drive significant year-over-year earnings will drive the overall growth of the Company.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andy Storozynski with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question.
Andy Storozynski: So just wanted to ask about the CEO search. So John, I think you mentioned that there's an expectation from the Board that the new appointee is going to stick with the current strategy. So does that mean that we shouldn't expect any changes to your EPS growth target, at least 25% by the new CEO?
John Somerhalder: Yes. I mean we view our strategy as very straightforward. What we're going to focus on related to investment in the business, controlling our cost, executing on that strategy, the management team very strongly supports that strategy. The Board very strongly supports that strategy. So yes, we're looking for a CEO that would be very much in line and be able to execute on that strategy.
Andy Storozynski: Okay. And then the other, John, the -- I'm just wondering if you have any expectations for the ESP and then the distribution case in Ohio, given the backdrop in the state and then ongoing investigations related to HP 6? I mean, -- is -- how do you think about the potential earnings impacts related to those two proceedings?
Jon Taylor: Yes. I guess from my perspective, there's a difference between the ESP and a base rate case, right? So the ESP is primarily focused on the procurement of generation services for those customers that don't shop. Having said that, there are some rider programs in the ESP that we will ask to continue on such as our distribution capital recovery rider and so those are important to us. But in the main, that's not nearly as significant as a base distribution case. I would tell you in our plan, we're not planning for anything extraordinary. We're going to file an ESP that's consistent with our peer companies in the state. And that's kind of how we plan for the future.
Andy Storozynski: Okay. And lastly, I mean, if I understand correctly, you are growing the dividend, maybe as soon as the midyear, maybe a little bit later. So when you talk about the FFO to debt targets, those already account for the fact that the dividend will start growing.
Jon Taylor: Yes, that's all in our plan. Yes, Andy, that's correct.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Fleishman: Yes, hi. Thank you. So just to follow up with a prior question. So when you kind of summarize the earnings outlook, is it fair to say then that the utility earnings and the parent should be growing better than the 6% to 8%, essentially while the…
Jon Taylor: Yes. Go ahead, Steve. Finish up.
Steve Fleishman: Yes. Now the other part shrinks. Is it -- and then what -- is that just because you're going to -- you've got the rate base growth and you'll be able to, I guess, improve you exceed this under-earning situation improve over the next few years?
Jon Taylor: Right, right. So I mean, if you just look at the cases that we'll file next year, New -- or excuse me, this year, New Jersey, West Virginia, Maryland, all of them, except for Maryland, have fairly low return on equity. So New Jersey 7%, West Virginia, 6.6%, we're also filing for capital programs in the distribution business with the grid mod program in Ohio, we're going to file for an IIP in New Jersey. So, all of that will provide significant growth to the distribution business. You know about the transmission company and the robustness of that business and then how we deploy the proceeds into the balance sheet from the FET transaction will reduce otherwise incurred interest expense. And so as we look at the business ex-pension, ex-Signal Peak, you'll see above-average growth.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then I guess a question or John Somerhalder. Just on the CEO search, are you still looking for the same characteristics that you mentioned from the beginning? And I guess, the other question is it takes longer. Is there any chance you're also reviewing like strategic options separately as part of this, too?
John Somerhalder: Yes. The requirements, what we're looking for, Steve, are very consistent with what we've talked about. We have not changed that. As we've said, we've had good interest from individuals that have that. What I can tell you, consistent with what we've said earlier is, the Board truly supports and believes in the plan, and we are really focused on finding the right CEO that can execute on that plan. So, that is the path that the Board is headed down.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Securities. Please proceed with your question.
James Ward: It's James Ward on for Shar. How are you?
John Somerhalder: Hi, James. How you doing?
James Ward: Hi, doing well. Thank you for taking my question. We're glad to see in the slides that the 6% to 8% annual growth rate target continued beyond 2025, the recently announced FET transaction obviously gives you a lot of flexibility in terms of deploying capital, as you mentioned, either towards rate base growth or debt repayment, both of which yield recurring benefits to earnings. But specifically on the investment side, you've highlighted the step-up in annual rate base growth from 6% to 7% in '24 and '25, is 7% just 24% and 25% expectation or like the 6% to 8% annual EPS target continuing post 2025, should we be assuming that 7% rate base growth also applies annually post '25? Just trying to make sure we're thinking correctly about the drivers of earnings in that period, even though you're not officially guiding beyond '25 in terms of a capital plan at this point in time? Just high level.
Jon Taylor: Yes, James. So I think from my perspective, the CapEx plan is increasing from $3.3 billion last year to over $4 billion by the time we get out to 2025. And quite frankly, I see that trend continuing into the back half of the decade. So post 2025, obviously, we'll provide you much more in the way of details once we announce a longer-term plan. But I do see the need for significant capital investments post 2025 to really support resiliency, reliability to support the electrification of different industries, continuation of our transmission CapEx program. So I do see that level and more increasing through the back half of the decade.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
David Arcaro: I was wondering if you could speak to the Pleasants plant in West Virginia, just the considerations there around potentially acquiring that plant and how it could factor into the resource planning outlook in the state?
John Somerhalder: Yes, David, the Pleasants plant has some improved environmental controls compared to at least one of our facilities. And the commission in West Virginia has asked us to look at -- could it make sense to continue to operate that plant as part of the generation that we would own to support our customer load. We are consistent with what we've been asked by the commission. We are evaluating that at this time. And I think we'll have some results in late March that will inform that decision. West Virginia and the load for the customers and the economy there are keen interest. So, we will work hard to see if that could make sense, but I can't prejudge at this time what the result may be. But we will comply with what we're asked to do there and do a good faith analysis to see if that could make sense. And we'll be able to let you know as we conclude that what the next steps could be or what additional steps the commission may take to further evaluate that depending on the evaluation.
David Arcaro: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then I was curious just in terms of the offsets that you dug into for the pension in 2022, the $0.38, I was wondering if there's a -- or the $0.38 that you planned to offset. I was wondering how much of that ends up being one-time in nature and doesn't recur kind of what's in your control as to -- is there any of that, that you would see recurring going forward as a more sustainable source of earnings?
Jon Taylor: Yes, David. So if you think about just year-over-year, the $0.38, I would say probably 25% of that is coming from OpEx that we accelerated from '23 into '22, our financing plan, which would be permanent the debt tender as well as the open market repurchases that we executed in the back half of last year. Signal Peak is a contribution to the $0.38 offset and then some other, what I'll call, cost initiatives and other benefits that we're driving towards -- round out the difference. There is some timing or some of those benefits that aren't necessarily sustainable into the future, but we are trying to put in programs and controls in place to continue to drive out costs throughout the entire organization. So that's kind of the way that we're thinking about it at this point in time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Listen, just coming back to the rate base growth question. Just I wanted to understand a little bit more how to think about the net rate base growth relative to the 7% growth disclosed. And how do you think about that accelerating here? I know you said in your comments, you expect to revisit some of the growth later this year potentially. But just to understand like what the baseline is in terms of like net growth back to yourself from rate base and how that might accelerate here just to reconcile the core 6% to 8%? Or alternatively, how much of the outlook when you think about the 6% to 8% is driven by some of the under-earning improvement that you alluded to earlier.
Jon Taylor: Well, maybe I'll answer it this way. So the 7% rate base growth, '24 and '25 supports the earnings of the 6% to 8% through that time period. And we continue to look at the capital plans post 2025 and based on some work that we've done over the last year or so, we believe there's even incremental capital to that to support the electrification support EVs and support other reliability and resiliency type of program initiatives. So, I do think you would -- you could see that annual CapEx number start to increase beginning in 2026. But like I said, we'll provide all that color in that detail when we're ready.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And just to clarify, when you're ready, that's the event later this year that you're alluding to? And then related to that, just the rate base growth, that 7%, what's the delta that's not owned in terms of the FET sell-down? Just to clarify that as a baseline.
Jon Taylor: So yes, so -- so when we sell off the 30%, let's say that the total transmission business by that time would have $11 billion or so in rate base. So 30% of that would be owned by Brookfield effectively.
John Somerhalder: Yes, that's a different 30%. If we sell off 30% additional plus the 19.9% represents about 30% of our total transmission. So the math works just like John indicated, but two different 30%s.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. But just to reconcile the outlook here, you're going to provide a roll forward later this year that would include an updated CapEx look beyond '25 that should show an accelerating CapEx budget for '26 onwards? And just trying to set expectations on what that update will look like later this year.
Jon Taylor: I mean, Julien, it's hard to tell you exactly what the outlook is going to -- I mean, what we're going to provide you. I think, we are going to extend the outlook, and we'll provide the normal detail that we typically provide when we extend the outlook. But I would just ask that we just kind of wait to see -- wait until that time, and then we can provide you all the detail.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sophie Karp with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Sophie Karp: All of my questions have been answered, but maybe I can ask you a high-level question here. So your stated rate base growth and your EPS growth targets are consistent with what your peers -- some of your peers also forecast in much higher growing jurisdictions, right? And so Ohio, Pennsylvania, jurisdictions where you guys operate are not really characterized by higher population growth. And so with that in mind, how do you feel about build pressure going forward, considering that you will not have that tailwind of growing population and necessarily to help spread the pain, right? So how do you think about that? And what supports that growth on the ground? Maybe you can comment about local economy, something that maybe we are missing.
John Somerhalder: Yes. Sophie, yes, that's a key point. The good news is in all of our states, we start out very affordable when we compare to our peer rates in those states, were anywhere from single digit up to approaching 30% more affordable in the different states. So it does give us the ability to invest -- and as everyone knows, we've underinvested in some of our jurisdictions. And so there's a need to invest for reliability and other things that really benefit the customers. So as you said, even without some of the high customer count, customer usage growth rates of some other jurisdictions because we're very affordable because we have these needs for reliability and other, we feel like that's very manageable starting with where we're starting from on that. And then, we do see that with electrification first of transportation, we will see, as we move out later in the plan out through the 5- to 10-year period, we do see load growth that can help support additional investments. So, that's how we view it, and that's how we view that we can remain affordable and deal with our customers' affordability issues even with this more robust capital plan.
Sophie Karp: Got it. And then if I may, on Signal Peak, what is -- maybe if you can reiterate what is your kind of exit path here? Do you plan to can sell it? Or is it just going to naturally diminish in your earnings profile over time? And if you are planning to sell it, could you just remind us what the book value of it is and if there's a possibility of impairment and the balance sheet impact?
Jon Taylor: Yes. So I mean, the plan does call for diminishing earnings contribution from Signal Peak. As we've talked about before, we have looked at monetizing our investment that has been difficult -- but we continue to look for those opportunities, and we'll continue to do that into the future. And from a balance sheet perspective, I think the investment on the balance sheet is about $60 million, so not significant given the size of our balance sheet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Crowdell: Just maybe two quick housekeeping questions. One is, I guess, following up on Sophie's question. Just in 2023, what is your assumption for Signal Peak in pension earnings?
Jon Taylor: So, it represents about 15% of the total earnings of the $2.54 midpoint.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then I think on Steve's question earlier, Steve was talking -- you answered this question, I think the utility growth rates were maybe earnings will be ramping up as Signal Peak and pension earnings decline. Just how much of that additional capital that maybe is going into the utility is eligible for a rider refund eligible for rider recovery versus a rate filing.
Jon Taylor: Yes. So, I think if you look at our plan, we're trying to ramp up our formula rate CapEx at about 75% overall 100% of the capital in the transmission business is formula rate, and I think we're targeting 50% by the time we get out to '25 in the distribution business. So a fairly significant amount of formula rate CapEx in the plan.
Anthony Crowdell: And just lastly, if I could jump on the CEO question, bandwagon. Just over the last three or four months, the Company has made some great strides in transitioning or transformation for the Company. Just thoughts, John, on -- does the title move from interim to like full-time CEO?
John Somerhalder: I wasn't expecting that question. My thoughts are we have strong interest. So my thoughts are that we're focused on concluding that and transitioning me back to the Board as what my thoughts are.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Sommerholder for any final comments.
John Somerhalder: Thank you, and thank you all for joining us today. We very much appreciate your interest in and support of FirstEnergy. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the FirstEnergy's Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the call over to Irene Prezelj, Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications. Thank you. You may begin.
Irene Prezelj: Thank you. Welcome to our Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. Today, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other matters. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by these statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the Earnings Information link and in our SEC filings.  We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures, the presentation that support today's discussion and other detailed information about the quarter and year-to-date can be found in the strategic and financial highlights document on the Investors section of our website.  We'll begin today's call with presentations from John Somerhalder, our Board Chair and Interim President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jon Taylor, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Several other executives will be available for the Q&A session.  Now I'll turn the call over to John Somerhalder.
John Somerhalder: Thanks, Irene. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. FirstEnergy continues to make significant progress in its transformation. Yesterday afternoon, we reported third quarter GAAP earnings of $0.58 per share and operating earnings of $0.79 per share. These results, which Jon will discuss in more detail later in the call, are at the upper end of our guidance and support our expectation for full year 2022 operating earnings in the top half of our full year guidance range of $2.30 to $2.50 per share, assuming normal weather.  In addition to our strong financial and operational performance year-to-date, we continue to execute against our strategy to become a more resilient and forward-looking company that is positioned for long-term stability and success. We are building positive momentum through our ongoing efforts to strengthen our culture, rebuild shareholder trust, accelerate improvements of our balance sheet and drive operational excellence through innovation and continuous improvement efforts. And we are positioning our company to capitalize on significant opportunities for growth through long-term customer-focused investments.  I'm privileged to work alongside the strong leadership team in this interim role, and I'm confident that this team and our committed employees will continue to execute on these strategies to transform the company into a best-in-class utility. And we intend to continue this momentum as we transition to a new Chief Executive Officer. The Board's external search is well underway, and we remain hopeful that we can make an announcement late this year or early in 2023.  The key attributes we're seeking include a strong track record of executive leadership within the utility industry, a demonstrated ability to execute on the regulatory front, leading operational and financial discipline and impeccable credibility with external stakeholders.  Our Board is excited about the future of the company and is confident in the leadership team and our strategy. We expect to continue driving the efforts that are already underway to ensure FirstEnergy is built for long-term success, and it's our expectation that the new CEO will see the same strong future that we see for FirstEnergy.  We are entering this new chapter from a position of strength. As we continue to focus on balance sheet improvements through organic growth and operating cash flow and our plan to sell an additional minority interest in one of our distribution or transmission assets, we will further accelerate improvements in our credit metrics. Improving our balance sheet to be on par with premium utilities will support higher levels of capital deployment to harden and modernize the electric grid to support the energy transition.  Before I turn the call over to Jon, I want to thank our employees for their efforts to move FirstEnergy forward over the last few years. They have been asked to step up time and time again to serve our customers, meet our commitments to stakeholders and stay focused on strengthening our company for the future. They continually rise to the challenge. Their hard work is helping us make great strides towards implementing our strategy and achieving our vision, and the Board remains committed to providing them with the support and resources they need to carry this company forward. I'm confident in the strength and talent of our team and our future.  Now I'll turn the call over to Jon Taylor.
Jon Taylor: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I'm glad you can join us for today's call. We continue to execute on our strategies as we drive strong operational and financial performance. I'll start my remarks with a review of some regulatory and business updates, then we'll move to a discussion of financial results and expectations.  Starting in Ohio, we are nearing completion of the first phase of our grid modernization program, which began in 2019 and included installing more than 700,000 smart meters with supporting communications and data management systems and voltage regulating and distribution automation equipment on over 200 circuits to help provide our customers with enhanced reliability and power quality along with greater visibility into their electric usage. We continue this successful work.  In July of this year, we filed for our grid modernization Phase 2, a 4-year $626 million capital investment program, that proposes to deploy an additional 700,000 smart meters, distribution automation equipment on nearly 240 circuits and voltage-regulating equipment on nearly 220 circuits. It also includes pilot programs related to electric vehicle charging and battery storage. Together, these programs are designed to enhance the delivery of safe, reliable power while offering our customers modern experiences, emerging technologies and opportunities to help lower their bills.  In West Virginia, the Public Service Commission approved a settlement agreement for environmental compliance projects at the Fort Martin and Harris power stations to meet the U.S. EPA's current affluent limitation guidelines required to operate both plants beyond 2028 as well as a surcharge to recover the expected $142 million of capital investment along with annual operation and maintenance expenses. We currently expect to complete this construction by the end of 2025.  These projects allow us to responsibly operate these power plants for the benefit of our customers in the state through 2035 and 2040 as we continue to support a timely and clean energy transition.  At the same time, we continue securing commitments from residential, commercial and industrial customers in West Virginia to purchase solar RECs from our 5 planned utility scale solar generation facilities totaling 50 megawatts. As part of the conditional approval by the West Virginia Public Service Commission, Mon Power is required to obtain subscriptions for at least 85% of the facilities prior to filing for final approval. The customer response has been favorable, and we expect to reach the 85% threshold before the end of the year.  Our expectation is that our first solar generation site will be in service in 2023, with others to follow by 2025 at a total investment of approximately $100 million. This progress coupled with other regulatory outcomes this year around smart meter and electric vehicle programs in New Jersey go a long way in executing on our strategy to improve the customer experience through investments that modernize the grid and support the energy transition.  As we think about the future, we are preparing for an active regulatory calendar in '23 and '24. We've planned rate case filings in New Jersey, Maryland and West Virginia, all in the first half of 2023. For JCP&L, we last filed a case in 2020, and for West Virginia and Maryland, our last base rate case was filed in 2014 and 2018, respectively.  The planned rate cases will primarily address our lower equity returns, as highlighted in the presentation, which are the result of the significant capital investments we have made since our last rate case and changes in operating expenses, and include the accounting changes that we have previously discussed, such as vegetation management and corporate support costs.  In addition, the New Jersey rate case would address our smart meter and electric vehicle programs. The Maryland case would address our electric distribution infrastructure investment and EV program. And in West Virginia, we plan to file for new depreciation rates resulting from a depreciation case to be submitted later this year.  Also, as you recall, our existing Ohio Electric Security Plan expires on May 31, 2024. Thus, we plan to file a new ESP in the first half of 2023, which will include a proposal around our generation procurement plan. And ESP also provides an opportunity for provisions regarding distribution service such as capital recovery riders as well as additional programs that can provide benefits to our customers, such as energy efficiency. In the months ahead, we intend to engage Ohio stakeholders in a discussion about our proposed ESP V.  As we've mentioned on previous calls, we have been considering the potential consolidation of our Pennsylvania and Ohio operating companies into 2 state utilities. While we continue to evaluate our options in terms of timing for a potential Ohio consolidation, we expect to file an application in Pennsylvania within the next 6 months. Consolidating these utilities will align with our 5-state operating model, simplify our legal entity structure and increase the flexibility and efficiency of our financing needs. In 2024, we are required to file a base rate case for our Ohio utilities and we are beginning to explore the option of filing a rate case in Pennsylvania at some point within our current planning cycle.  Finally, in these regulatory filings, we plan to address recovery of regulatory asset balances, such as deferred storm costs, which currently amount to approximately $680 million across all of our jurisdictions. In September, Ohio Edison issued $300 million of 10-year notes at 5.5%. And we have one more transaction to complete this year at West Penn Power as we continue executing our debt financing plan.  While interest rates have increased, interest expense remains manageable through 2024 as our new money requirements are minimal, and our debt maturities over this same period have higher coupons averaging near 5%. Additionally, filing for new base distribution rates in all of our jurisdictions over the near term allow us an opportunity to address the increased cost of debt.  We remain focused on improving the credit profile of the company. During the third quarter, we repurchased approximately $140 million of holding company debt in the open market, bringing our total holding company debt reduction to $2.5 billion this year, which is more than a 30% reduction from the end of 2021. Also, as John mentioned, we are pursuing the sale of additional minority stake in one of our distribution or transmission businesses. This would follow our very successful transaction with Brookfield Super-Core Infrastructure Partners for a 19.9% interest in FirstEnergy Transmission LLC that was completed in May of this year at a 40x PE multiple or 3x rate base for approximately $2.4 billion.  While we don't have any additional details at this time regarding a proposed transaction, we remain focused on accelerating our balance sheet improvement efforts in a cost-effective manner with a goal of achieving 14% to 15% FFO to debt much sooner than originally planned.  We had a robust discussion about the pension during our second quarter call and our approach has not changed. Extreme volatility in both interest rates and global equity markets continue. The discount rate that measures our pension obligation increased from 3% at the end of 2021 to approximately 5.5% as of September 30, while asset losses and our qualified pension trust were approximately 22% through the same date. Despite the asset performance, our net qualified pension obligation improved over $400 million from 2021 to approximately $1.6 billion at the end of the third quarter with the plan's funded status at 81%.  The potential 2023 EPS headwind from the qualified pension plan has increased from $0.30 as of June to approximately $0.45 as of September 30. As we communicated in July, we are confident in our mitigation plan to address the $0.30. This includes costs we have already begun accelerating into 2022, the benefits from our balance sheet improvement efforts, specifically the $1 billion of high coupon debt that we retired in June and the expected uplift from other corporate cost reductions and earnings from our legacy investment in the Signal Peak mining operation.  We will also continue contemplating longer-term regulatory approaches to moderate the impact of market volatility on our pension plan, and we would look for additional offsets if the outcome as of December 31 exceeds $0.30. While an impact larger than $0.30 would affect 2023 earnings, we don't plan to pursue shortsighted gains that could take us off track for the future. Our solid and sustainable investment pipeline focused on providing reliable service to customers continues to firmly support our long-term plan for 6% to 8% growth.  Our focus remains on controlling what we can control and creating value over the long term through regulated investments, operational and financial discipline and an improved credit profile. Our financial performance this quarter speaks to the continued resiliency of our business.  Third quarter GAAP earnings were $0.58 per share and operating earnings were $0.79 per share, near the top of our guidance range. GAAP results primarily reflect a onetime charge as a result of implementing recommendations from the FERC audit, which covered the period going back to 2015 and resulted in certain write-offs and expected refunds. On a proforma basis, excluding the impact of accounting changes, rate credits provided to Ohio customers and equity financing transactions, which are all unique drivers this year, our third quarter operating earnings increased $0.11 per share or 16% compared to the same period in 2021.  On a year-to-date basis, we reported GAAP earnings of $1.42 per share and operating earnings of $1.91 per share. Again, on a pro forma basis, adjusting for the accounting changes, the Ohio rate credits and equity transactions, we achieved a $0.17 improvement in operating earnings compared to the first 9 months of 2021 or nearly 10% year-over-year growth.  Third quarter results in our distribution business benefited from higher weather-related demand, the positive impact of our capital investment programs and lower financing costs. These benefits offset higher operating expenses associated with accelerating future planned maintenance work from 2023 into 2022 and higher material costs.  Total and weather-adjusted distribution deliveries were essentially flat compared to the third quarter of 2021. Warmer summer weather and stronger demand from industrial customers, reflecting the continued rebound in many industrial sectors within our service territory, was partially offset by lower year-over-year weather-adjusted residential usage.  Residential sales decreased 1% from the third quarter of 2021 and a little less than 2% on a weather-adjusted basis. However, sales to residential customers remain higher than pre-pandemic levels by nearly 3% on a trailing 12-month basis, reflecting a permanent structural shift in this high-margin customer class.  Deliveries to commercial customers decreased 1% or close to 2% on a weather-adjusted basis. And sales to industrial customers increased approximately 2%, led by growth in fabricated metals, automotive, food manufacturing, education services and plastic and rubber.  Third quarter industrial sales were down approximately 1% compared to pre-pandemic sales. In our transmission business, third quarter results primarily benefited from continued formula rate base growth associated with our Energizing the Future investment program and lower financing costs. Our ongoing investments in this important program have added more than $0.5 billion in additional rate base since the third quarter of 2021.  Key projects currently underway include replacing more than 1,100 insulators along a 68-mile transmission line corridor in Northeast Ohio to ensure power reliability and resilience, a new substation in Ashland County, Ohio, to meet the area's future energy demands and supporting economic growth, and planning for a new high-voltage substation to support a data center campus that is under development in Frederick, Maryland. And finally, our corporate segment benefited from higher investment earnings from the Signal Peak mining operation and lower financing costs primarily related to our holding company debt redemptions throughout the year. With our strong results so far this year and our outlook for the next 2 months, assuming normal weather, we expect 2022 operating earnings at the top half of our guidance range. Additionally, we are on track to meet our cash from operations target of $2.6 billion to $3 billion this year, and improve operating cash flow consistent with earnings over time.  In mid-February, along with announcing our fourth quarter and full year 2022 results, we plan to provide you with 2023 guidance, along with updated capital and other plans to support our future growth. I too am proud of our progress to revitalize our culture, optimize our performance and improve our financial profile. We are energized by our transformation and look forward to taking the next steps to become a premium utility.  Now I'll open the line to your questions. As always, I appreciate your time and your interest in FirstEnergy.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first questions come from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Jon, just -- I guess, just given some of the pressures we've seen with inflation and interest rates, I guess, how much of the $0.30 of pension headwind that you previously disclosed have you sort of been able to offset to date with some of the O&M and financing moves you've done recently, especially as we're layering in Signal Peak, which essentially is printing money given sort of the coal price moves. And just on the incremental $0.15, you mentioned, obviously, you're looking at additional offsetting opportunities. What could those be?
Jon Taylor: Yes, Shar, thanks for the question. Obviously it's been a very fluid situation with the pension. During the quarter, the pension improved $0.30 as of the second quarter to close to a $0.20 headwind at the mid-August time frame, and then it's ratcheted back up to $0.45. I would tell you with the moves that we've already made with our financing plan, the OpEx that we're accelerating into '22 and the insight that we have into Signal Peak's earnings for next year, at least the sales that they have locked in at this point in time, we've captured the majority of the $0.30. And we just have a little bit left to do on the remaining $0.30, which we feel very confident in. So with respect to the $0.30, we feel very strong about it. But like we said in our prepared remarks, if it's above $0.30 in a material way, we'll look for opportunities, but we're not going to take the business off track for the long term.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Got it. And then just maybe a strategic question and maybe a little bit more theoretical. Just on asset optimization. Obviously, it's been a bit more challenging doing deals at this kind of like an interest rate environment. The buyer pool, I would think has shrunk a little bit. Are you still only open to selling a minority stake of, let's say, Pennsylvania, or could we see -- could we see you make -- could it make more sense kind of in this environment to look at an entire opco, which could actually expand the buyer pool to bring in more strategic versus just financial players. Obviously, some utilities are waiting for assets right now, but not sure they want a small stake in one.
John Somerhalder: We've seen continued strong interest for minority interest, either in a distribution business or additional sale of transmission facilities. Since that has remained strong, that works very well for us, either a 19.9% interest in the distribution business, which has tax benefits or potentially with strong value we continue to see in transmission, even though there will be some tax consequences that has value. So that's the direction that we think makes the most sense and based upon what we're seeing to date, we feel good about that direction. Jon?
Jon Taylor: Yes, I would agree. I mean, when we made the announcement in September, we had several inbounds from financial players showing strong interest in either a transmission or distribution business. We've had some conversations with several parties, and the interest continues to be strong. So we're continuing to work the process internally, and hopefully, we can get into a position where we can make an announcement either late this year or the first part of next year.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: So just for Jon Taylor, the pension, I know you probably don't want to get into marking pension every day, but the market's back to Q2 levels and I think it's up almost 8% this month. So if you -- and I know bond market's still weakened further. But just overall, if you kind of update it to roughly where things are now, where would you be relative to that $0.30 or the $0.45?
Jon Taylor: The $0.45 -- Steve, I -- it's probably in the same place or maybe modestly improved since September. Interest rates have continued to increase. Corporate spreads have expanded a little bit, which not only impacts the interest costs on the liability, but also impacts the value of our fixed income assets in the trust. So I think it's modestly better than the $0.45, but not significant.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. Great. And then on the CEO, the comments on -- that you made, John Somerhalder, on just what you're looking for in a CEO. I mean, those sound all great. And I guess the real question is, what's your conviction that you can find somebody and who comp -- that meet all these credentials from what you've kind of seen so far?
John Somerhalder: The good news is the process is we've made good progress already on it. And we've identified more than a couple of dozen individuals that meet these -- the criteria could be very good. And I would say that the interest level has been solid and strong as well. So we anticipate that we'll have a shorter list but still a list approaching 10 individuals that both are very well qualified, fit very well with our strategy and have interest at this point. We're encouraged at this point.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. That's good. And then lastly, just on the continued balance sheet progress. Any sense from the standpoint of the rating agencies on the potential for getting upgraded to investment grade, either late this year, by the end of the year, I guess, Jon?
Jon Taylor: Yes. We talked to them just a few days ago, and the conversation was constructive. I think we continue to execute against the plan that we provided them. And we continue to have conversations on timing. I think they're just waiting for -- just want to see us continue to execute. They are interested in what we're going to do with the minority interest sale and how that improves the metrics. And once we get into a place where we can make an announcement, we'll put that into the forecast and start having conversations in. But the conversations have been very constructive. I think it's just a matter of time.
Operator: Our next question is come from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley.
David Arcaro: Maybe just starting on the pension first. I was just wondering, could you consider selling part of the pension? And then -- or is there a regulatory approach that you could pursue? We saw a PEG in New Jersey filed a request with the BPU with a different way to consider accounting for the pension there. I'm wondering if either of those might be feasible options that you're looking at?
Jon Taylor: Yes. So Dave, I think for us to -- I don't know if we were to try to sell the pension obligation, I mean, given its funded status, that might be a little bit of a challenge to offload that obligation to like an insurance company or something like that. So I'm not sure that would be something that we would pursue.  With respect to regulatory mechanisms as we file base distribution cases over the course of the next couple or 3 years, we will absolutely look at ways that we can limit volatility exposure in the pension plan at our regulated companies. So that is something that is definitely on the table at this point in time.
David Arcaro: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then -- in the slides, you had mentioned 20 to 40 bps of FFO to debt impact coming from AMT. And I was just wondering, would you consider that to be kind of structurally permanent going forward? Or are there potential offsets that you could find on the cash flow forecast to help with that drag coming from AMT?
Jon Taylor: Yes. So I mean obviously, we need much more clarity from the internal revenue service on the mechanics of the minimum tax. I mean the 20 to 40 basis points is not significant in the grand scheme of things when you think about FFO approaching $3 billion to $3.3 billion over the course of the next handful of years. So obviously for opportunities to offset that either through regulatory mechanisms or just further refinement in our operations. But I think to understand the final impact or the real impact, we just need a little bit more clarity from the IRS.
John Somerhalder: And David, I'd mention that we do see that impact as we move forward, but we have the other positives of just when we look at our ability to fund capital and increasing capital, we have enough cash to pay dividends, do that and the balance sheet improves moving forward.  So just our plan, we'll continue to improve the balance sheet as we move forward. And then obviously, the minority interest sale further accelerates that. So we do have other very positive ways to move the balance sheet where it needs to be even with this 20 to 40 basis points of impact from AMT.
David Arcaro: Yes, definitely smaller than some of the big positive changes that you're looking for.
Jon Taylor: Thanks, David.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Real quick on Ohio, can you just remind us with the ESP expiring late May next year? And also the potential for having to file a coal-blowing rate case at some point, do you think about -- in your conversation with stakeholders there, whether there's potential for a global settlement of some kind where you wrap all of those things into one kind of multiyear rate-making regime and rather than have potentially kind of 2 different proceedings or dockets and kind of somehow resolving for long -- to kind of create more long-term uncertainty about the regulatory work in the state.
Jon Taylor: Yes. Well, so Michael, thanks for the question. So I would tell you that we'll file the ESP V sometime next year. We have to make sure that we have a plan to procure generation for our customers beginning in June of '24. We also need to make sure that we have clarity on the capital recovery riders that we have in place and any other types of programs that will provide service to customers like our grid modernization program, any types of energy efficiency programs that we want to put in place.  So I kind of see these as 2 separate work streams [indiscernible] ESP V, which needs to be approved before we get into the June 2024 time period. And then with the rate case that we have to file in May of '24, obviously, we have a history of settling. But given where we are right now, my sense is that's going to be a fully litigated case and might take us out into the late '25 time frame before we get final approval on that.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Super helpful. And then one thing on Signal Peak. I mean, you've benefited from what's happened to commodity prices, although we had a bit of a pullback over the last couple of months and part of that is macro or trying to shut in a number of things. Is there a scenario where you look at yourself and say, you're not the logical owner of that stake? And how should we think about the market robustness for something like your state and Signal Peak as well as the tax claim applications or implications for you all if you were to be a seller of that state.
Jon Taylor: Yes. I wouldn't say the market is robust for that type of asset. Even with commodity prices where they are, I wouldn't consider it a robust market. We've had some interest in terms of people calling us about the asset. But as we started the dialogue, it just didn't make sense. And we're continuing to be open to those types of transactions and those types of discussions. But at this point in time, I wouldn't consider it robust.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And last one. Can you remind me what's the capital you're deploying in West Virginia to meet the environmental requirements? And are you getting a forward-looking or historical-looking cash return on that?
Jon Taylor: It's a $140 million capital investment for the affluent limit guidelines. And I think it's in the form of a surcharge that will be covered based on the capital you spend.
John Somerhalder: Yes. And importantly, I believe the depreciation rate for those dollars are in line with what we see as a logical end of life closer to 2035 or 2040 for the 2 plants. So we have that positive as well.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Listen, I know things are going real fine here in parallel with the New Jersey BPU. Can you comment at all about offshore opportunities here? It seems like you may have just won in recent minutes here, a decent chunk on that effort here. But can you comment as best you understand in your position here, I get that this is happening literally in real time, but any commentary or initial thoughts? Or at least provide some perspective about what you guys already felt, if you can?
John Somerhalder: Yes. It is happening in real time. I mean we have not yet reviewed the order or the details, but we do understand that our proposal has been successful to a large extent and something potentially approaching $1 billion of investment over the next 8 to 10 years, which we view as very positive and additive to our plan and why it's so important to have our balance sheet, the strength that we're targeting. So we're pleased with that.  We're very happy to be a part of meeting New Jersey's clean energy needs in a way that really works for the customers. And we're using more existing -- we're using existing right-of-way impacts or less. So we're very positive, but we'll need to review the order and make sure we have more detail like you said, Julien, it's late breaking. And I'd ask Jon, Sam or to update if there's anything else that I missed on that.
Jon Taylor: No, I think I don't have anything else. I mean, obviously, it would be incremental to the plan that we have provided to investors. I think the capital would probably start being deployed sometime in 2024, '25, potentially. So in the last couple of years of our current planning cycle but would be an uplift to our plan going forward. So we're excited about that. But yes, we just -- like John said, need to review the order and make sure we understand it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Understood. Thank you guys for at least attempting to broach that one here. Meanwhile, back to the schedule program. On 2023, I know there's been a lot of talk about pension here and the puts and takes. But can we talk about 2 other comments. First off, Pennsylvania, as best I understand this is the first time we've seen you guys indicate your filing for a case. Can you talk about, a, just how much of 2023 we could see an uplift? I mean you document in your slides here, earning a high 7% earned ROE. How swiftly could we see that improve potentially? Again, I don't want to prejudge a rate case outcome, but certainly some potential revenue deficiency is there. How much of an offset could that be to the $0.45?  And in tandem, I know in the Q that was discussed this allocation question on the new methodology that you guys have implemented. And it seems like that's shifting some CapEx to expense. Can you comment a little bit more prospectively on how much more expense that would drive in '23 onwards versus your earlier rate base and CapEx forecast? It's not entirely clear here.
Jon Taylor: Yes. Okay, Julien. So let me maybe just take those one at a time. So with respect to Pennsylvania, we're going to file 3 cases next year, New Jersey, West Virginia and Maryland. My sense is we'll file those sometime in the first part of next year, you probably won't see new rates until the end of next year or first part of '24 as part of those cases. So I'm not anticipating really any uplift from those 3 cases in the plan for next year, probably start rates effective sometime in '24.  With respect to Pennsylvania, we said we're considering to file a case. The thing about Pennsylvania, it's a forward-looking test year. So we could file that sometime late next year, first part of '24 with rates effective probably 6 to 9 to 12 months thereafter. So I don't anticipate anything from Pennsylvania next year given our current regulatory plan.  With respect to the cost allocations, that's the accounting changes that we've been talking about since late last year, Julien, where we reclassified certain of our costs from capital -- corporate support costs from capital to O&M. That's already in the plan. That's already in the 6% to 8% growth. So there's not going to be any impact from that going forward.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Actually, and then just with respect to Pennsylvania, presumably, that also enables you to accelerate some of the capital spend there and some considerations maybe around enabling the [indiscernible] .
Jon Taylor: Yes. So the current LTIP program expires at the end of '24. So obviously, we would have to file another application to expand the LTIP beyond that period. So I think all of that would happen together. And I do see Pennsylvania as an area where we could start to increase our CapEx there just given some reliability enhancements that we want to make.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Thank you, guys. Good luck with the search.
John Somerhalder: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Our next question come from the line of Angie Storozynski with Seaport Global.
Angie Storozynski: So first, on Pennsylvania, the likely consolidation of your distribution companies there. Do you need to have that done before you potentially sell a minority stake in these businesses?
Jon Taylor: You don't have to have it done. If you were going to explore, like, for instance, a minority interest in our Pennsylvania business, you could do it at the same time, right? You could probably make a filing to consolidate the Pennsylvania companies and file an application to sell a minority interest. Maybe not exactly at the same time, maybe one, the consolidation first, but then the minority interest sale slightly or shortly thereafter, but you could do it commensurate.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then separately, as you pointed out, you have this very busy regulatory calendar for the next 3 years. And it happens at a time when regulators are scrutinizing the affordability of electric bills. I mean, how do you plan to address this issue? And how do you think it is likely to impact the outcome of those proceedings?
Jon Taylor: Yes. So the 3 states that we file in next year, if you just look at our total customer bills on a residential basis, we're probably 30 -- 15% to 30% lower than the peers in those state. And so we feel like we have a good story to tell in terms of our customer bills. We recognize that generation prices are increasing. But at the same time, I think it's important to make sure that you have strong and financially healthy utilities to make sure that we can provide the level of service that's needed given the fact that customer expectations are only increasing as we transition to more electrification. So I feel like we have a good story, but we do recognize the concern that you mentioned.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then lastly, is there any update on the pending SEC investigation?
Jon Taylor: On the pending SEC investigation. No update at this point in time.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Nick Campanella with Credit Suisse.
Nicholas Campanella: I just wanted to come back to the pension headwind and '23 and kind of recognizing fact that you reaffirm the long-term 6 to 8 CAGR still. Can you just give us a sense of just overall kind of confidence level in maintaining this into '24 and '25. And what are the drivers that you see that kind of keep you in that 6 to 8 kind of range? I know you kind of brought up new rate filings and obviously, there's interest expense reductions from the debt paydown strategy. But could you just give us a better sense of your overall confidence level on the CAGR, please?
Jon Taylor: Yes. I mean, I think we've tried to highlight that previously. We feel really good about the plan for next year and beyond. I mean, obviously, we're moving some expenses around this year to help offset '23, which gives us a lot of flexibility going into next year. We're going to have the permanent benefits associated with the debt tender transactions that we previously completed.  And then we have line of sight into Signal Peak's earnings for next year, at least a modest portion of what they plan to contribute to the company. And then we have other opportunities as we've highlighted before around corporate cost reductions, whether it be facilities costs, in our communications, advertising sponsorships that we look at each and every year. So we have a lot of opportunity and flexibility as we think about the long-term growth of the company.
John Somerhalder: Yes. I'd add to that. It's not only those items, but as we mentioned, getting the balance sheet where we want it, there's good opportunities, we think, in the benefit -- to benefit our customers on reliability and those type of issues to continue to invest in the business.  So we see with our balance sheet strong, a good affordability position we start at, even though we'll have to take into account commodity prices being up, we do see opportunity to invest more moving forward and grow earnings from those investments.
Nicholas Campanella: And then, Jon, you mentioned on Signal Peak that you locked in the sales largely for next year. So should we be kind of thinking about that earnings attribution as more fixed now rather than tied to commodities?
Jon Taylor: Yes. No, I think I highlighted they locked in a modest amount of their production for next year at prices consistent with what we're seeing this year. So we do have line of sight into some level of earnings contribution for '23. So they haven't locked in their full production schedule at this point in time but likely get that done by the end of the year.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Paul Fremont with Mizuho.
Paul Fremont: My first question is, does your planned mid-'23 Ohio filing, does that represent a change in timing from what -- from when you had originally planned to file a GRC in Ohio?
Jon Taylor: No, no. So 2 separate filings, Paul. The base distribution rate case we'll file in May of '24. And then the ESP, we'll file for sometime early next year, first part of next year because this is going to take a little bit of time to get that in place and get that approved by mid-'24 when it needs to go into effect.
Paul Fremont: Okay. And what's the difference then between the ESP filing and the GRC filing? I mean, aren't they essentially setting the sort of prices for the same electricity?
Jon Taylor: So the ESP, the electric security plan, is a more broad plan that deals with generation service that you're going to be providing to customers, how you're going to procure those services from third-party suppliers, but also allows you to look at your current riders, distribution capital recovery riders, other programs that you want to provide to customers. So it's really everything but distribution rates and distribution rates would be part of the base rate case in '24, which likely won't go into effect at the earliest until sometime late '25.
Paul Fremont: And then can you quantify what the Signal Peak contribution is expected to be for the full year '22?
Jon Taylor: It will be north of $0.20, probably somewhere $0.20 to $0.25 is what I'm guessing.
Paul Fremont: Okay. And last question for me. If you file to consolidate the Pennsylvania operations, do you plan any type of capital contribution to Met-Ed and Penelec before that happens?
Jon Taylor: We haven't contemplated that, Paul. If I look at the capital to the equity ratios in those businesses today, they're probably high 40s, if not in the low 50% range. So I wouldn't see a need to make any type of capital contributions into those companies.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sophie Karp with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Sophie Karp: First, I wanted to ask you about O&M. Absent new rate, how much offset do you have the higher costs, excluding pension headwinds, right? So from inflationary pressures, are there any mechanisms that you have now that could help you with those? Or do you have to just manage and absorb the increases until you get in rates?
Jon Taylor: Yes, we don't have -- for our base, what I'll call our base day-to-day operating, we don't have any type of regulatory mechanisms to mitigate inflationary pressures or anything like that. So it's really us to -- up to the company to manage our operating costs in between rate cases.
Sophie Karp: Okay. And is there any way that you could get interim rates when you file the queue of rate cases next year?
Jon Taylor: When you say interim rates, are you just referring to some type of tracker -- so we've seen kind of ...
Sophie Karp: Interim rates that are put in place until the rate case is decided to help with the liquidity situation now like is often the case in various jurisdictions?
Jon Taylor: No, I don't think that is something that at least that I've seen. Obviously, we would explore that. But I haven't seen that before, especially in the states in which we operate in. Now I have seen companies get trackers, for instance, for vegetation management or other big spend that they have where they can defer costs over a certain level and then take care of that in the next rate case or have some type of amortization of those costs built into their rates. But right now, we would have to file for a case and then get those types of mechanisms in place going forward.
Sophie Karp: Great. Got it. And then on the Pennsylvania utilities, if you would contemplate validating those operations, right? Would that happen concurrently with filing rate cases before or after? How would that, I guess, will work together?
Jon Taylor: Yes. My sense is we'll file to consolidate first, right? So we're going to -- we'll plan to file sometime within the next couple or 3 months or 6 months, and then we'll likely file a rate case at some point after that.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Gregg Orrill with UBS.
Gregg Orrill: Yes. Just a follow-up on the offshore wind in New Jersey. What return would you be allowed in the transmission that you were talking about?
Jon Taylor: Yes, so Gregg, in the filing, we filed a 10.2% return on equity. So that was what was in our filing.
Gregg Orrill: And how are you thinking about that 20% equity stake option in the project?
Jon Taylor: Yes. Obviously, that gives us optionality. We have the option to buy into the offshore component of the project. So that definitely gives us another opportunity to invest in a transmission like investment.
John Somerhalder: Yes. But we have not made any final decisions on that. I think that's a good option for us to evaluate for our Board to consider but we have not made final decisions on that.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to John Somerhalder for any closing comments.
John Somerhalder: Yes. Thank you, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We appreciate your continued support and we look forward to seeing many of you at the EEI Conference next month.
Operator: This does conclude today's teleconference. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Irene Prezelj, Vice President of Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you, Ms. Prezelj. You may begin.
Irene Prezelj: Thank you. Welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Today, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other matters. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by these statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the Earnings Information link and in our SEC filings.  We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures, the presentation that supports today's discussion and other detailed information about the quarter and year can be found in the Strategic and Financial Highlights document on the Investors section of our website.  We'll begin today's call with presentations from Steve Strah, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jon Taylor, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Several other executives will be available for the Q&A session. Now I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Steven Strah: Thank you, Irene, and good morning, everyone. I'm glad you could join us today. Yesterday, we reported second quarter GAAP earnings of $0.33 per share and operating earnings of $0.53 per share at the upper end of our guidance range. Today, we are reaffirming our 2022 operating earnings guidance of $2.30 to $2.50 per share. We are also affirming our long-term annual operating earnings growth rate of 6% to 8% and accelerating our FFO-to-debt target of 13% by 1 year to 2023 from 2024 with targeted metrics in the mid-teens thereafter.  As Jon will discuss later, given our strong year-to-date performance, we have begun strategically investing in maintenance activities in our distribution businesses to further improve reliability and get ahead of future planned work. This provides tremendous flexibility in our long-term plan. We will continue to accelerate these operating expenses during the second half based on the strong outlook for the remainder of the year.  Through the first half of 2022, we've made significant progress to strengthen our culture, optimize our operations, bolster our financial position and support the grid of the future, continuing our momentum to become a more customer-focused and sustainable utility. Across the company, we're continuing to amplify our core values of safety, integrity, diversity, equity and inclusion, performance excellence and stewardship. We've recently launched a new employee communication campaign to focus on each of these values and how they drive our success.  In addition, I personally connected with thousands of employees over the past several months to discuss our core values and to hear directly from them on what we can do to get better as a company. Since March, I've held about 50 virtual and in-person listening sessions with more than 4,000 employees across FirstEnergy. We've had a lot of great engagement during these sessions and it's been incredibly valuable for me to interact with employees and get their feedback. I'm very proud of how our employees are executing on our plan and of the company and the culture we're creating together.  I'd also like to take a moment to welcome 2 new directors who were elected to the Board at our Annual Meeting in May. Sean Klimczak of Blackstone and Jana Croom of Kimball Electronics. In related developments, John Somerhalder was elected Board Chair and no longer serves as an executive of the company. And Lisa Winston Hicks was elected Lead Independent Director. I welcome the guidance, leadership and support from our refreshed Board.  Now let's turn to some key accomplishments in the quarter. First, in May, we completed the sale of the 19.9% minority stake in FirstEnergy Transmission, LLC to Brookfield for approximately $2.4 billion. The proceeds from this historic transaction, together with the $1 billion Blackstone equity investment that closed in December have been deployed to strengthen our balance sheet and fund our regulated capital investments.  And as Jon will discuss in more detail later, by paying down over $2.5 billion in long-term debt this year, we are driving meaningful progress and are ahead of our original plan to improve the credit profile of the company. Our transmission business continues to be one of the focal points of our strategy. Our Energizing the Future program has a relentless focus on reliability improvements for our customers.  We began the investment program in the ATSI region in 2014. And since that time, we have seen a 53% reduction in the interruptions to customers caused by transmission outages, a 49% decrease in transmission line outages and an 88% improvement of our protection systems. We're striving to build on this success within ATSI and across our territory as we continue to expand this investment program.  So far this year, we've completed important work across our footprint to reconfigure several substations, rebuild transmission lines, replace transformers and enhance network, cyber and physical security. These projects improve operational flexibility, upgrade the condition of equipment and enhance system performance. Our goals for the transmission business are aggressive yet achievable and we have the right strategies in place to ensure our success.  We're also making continued progress to advance our customer-focused, sustainable growth strategies on the distribution side of our business. In Ohio, earlier this month, we filed for the second phase of our grid modernization program, which builds off the system upgrades we've completed in the state since the PUCO approved our Grid Mod I program in 2019. The new 4-year Grid Mod II plan proposes a $626 million capital investment to expand our deployment of Grid Mod technologies designed to enhance the delivery of safe, reliable power, promote modern experiences for customers, offering emerging technologies and provide opportunities to help lower customer bills.  The second phase of our Grid Mod program includes installing automated equipment on nearly 240 distribution circuits that can isolate problems, minimize the number of customers impacted by an outage and quickly restore electric service. Energy-saving voltage-regulating equipment on nearly 220 circuits that can reduce the amount of energy that must be generated and more evenly distribute electricity down a power line. And an additional 700,000 smart meters along with the supporting communications infrastructure and data management systems.  In addition, the filing includes several pilot programs expected to provide enhanced customer benefits. These include supporting the adoption of EVs across our Ohio service territory by offering incentives to residential and commercial customers who participate in utility-managed charging of their electric vehicles and installing a battery storage system along the Ohio Turnpike that's designed to support increased EV charging load and enhanced grid reliability.  In the aggregate, we estimate the benefits to our Ohio customers of enhanced reliability, energy efficiency opportunities and the innovative products and services to exceed the cost of the Grid Mod II program by nearly $280 million in today's dollars.  Moving to West Virginia. In April, the Public Service Commission provided conditional approval of our requested tariff to build a total of 50 MW of utility-scale solar generation in the state at a cost of approximately $100 million. In their order, the PSC required our Mon Power and Potomac Edison subsidiaries to subscribe at least 85% of the output before beginning construction on these facilities.  We began accepting commitments from residential, commercial and industrial customers to purchase solar RECs in May. We're making progress to meet the 85% threshold. And at that time, Mon Power and Potomac Edison will seek final approval from the commission for a surcharge to cover the balance of the project costs and begin full-scale construction. We expect the first solar generation site to be in service by the end of 2023, with the construction completed at the 4 other sites no later than the end of 2025.  Finally, in New Jersey, JCP&L reached a settlement on our electric vehicle program with BPU staff, New Jersey Rate Counsel and others which was approved by the BPU without modifications in June.  Our 4-year $40 million EV-driven program is designed to accelerate the adoption of light-duty electric vehicles with incentives and rate structures that continue to support the development of EV charging infrastructure throughout our JCP&L service territory. The cost of the program will be deferred into a regulatory asset. Capital costs will earn a return of 9.6% with recovery of those costs determined in JCP&L's next base rate case.  Before I pass the call over to Jon, we recognize there is significant interest in our pension plan performance in light of rising interest rates and the current bear market. We're committed to being transparent and flexible on this issue, and we'll keep you informed on our expectations and our plan as the year progresses.  In addition to the details Jon will provide on today's call, we've also published 2 new slides on this topic in our highlights document. I'm very pleased with our progress throughout the first half of this year. We remain committed to continuing our transformation and becoming an industry-leading utility that provides value to our investors, customers, employees and communities. Now I'll turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Taylor: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for being here. I'll start with some additional perspective on the pension, then we'll move into a discussion of our earnings and other financial matters. To put this all in context, the impact of the pandemic, the war in Ukraine and other macroeconomic factors has resulted in extreme inflation and market volatility that we haven't seen in over 40 years. And so we recognize that this is a topic that has a lot of attention today, but we don't consider this an issue that impacts the long-term value proposition of the company.  Through the first half of this year, interest rates have increased significantly with the discount rate that measures our pension obligation increasing from 3% at the end of 2021 to approximately 4.8% as of the end of June. Likewise, equity markets across the globe were down significantly with asset performance in our pension trust down approximately 15% through June. Although this results in an estimated earnings headwind of approximately $0.30 per share beginning in 2023, which reduces the noncash benefit from the pension from $0.40 per share in 2022 to an estimated $0.10 per share in 2023, the funded status of our qualified pension plan has improved from 82% at the end of 2021 to 84% at the end of June.  Although we believe the earnings impact associated with the pension will normalize over time, we recognize that the historic market environment presents a challenge in the near term from an earnings perspective. And so let me take a minute to address this. First, our regulated strategy and capital investment program continues to be strong as we transition more of our capital investments to formula rates with real-time returns while working to lower our base operating expenses.  Our base plan includes formula rate investments of approximately $2.4 billion in 2023 and $2.6 billion in 2024 that earned solid returns. In addition, as Steve mentioned, the outlook for 2022 is very strong given the successful tender offer completed in June at our holding company and higher-than-anticipated income from legacy, commodity-based investments. And our FE Forward program continues to be part of our plan, allowing us to optimize our cost structure and be more strategic with our operating costs.  In combination, these items allow us to accelerate future planned maintenance work into 2022 that will provide flexibility with operating expenses in future years while meeting our financial commitments for this year. We have also identified a number of other steps to address the pension headwind. These include accelerating additional capital investments and optimizing our financing plans, which includes moving $1 billion of planned debt financings from 2023 to future years, reducing corporate costs in our real estate footprint as well as anticipated benefits from continued improvements we are seeing in customer arrears.  From a regulatory perspective, we are exploring proposed changes to rate treatment for our pension to moderate impacts of market volatility between rate cases. But this will take some time and will likely be executed as we file base rate cases in each jurisdiction over the next few years.  And so I'll conclude the pension discussion to say this. We realize this is complicated and recognize the potential near-term earnings impact to the company. But we do believe there is a clear silver lining. As markets became volatile and interest rates increased, we were able to take advantage of the situation by retiring high key fund debt and amounts well above our original plan.  At the same time, rising interest rates reduced our pension liability by $550 million. And as a result, as Steve mentioned earlier, we made significant progress through the first half of this year, to improve our balance sheet and strengthen the credit profile of FirstEnergy.  Utilizing the proceeds from the Brookfield and Blackstone transactions, we eliminated approximately $2.4 billion of holdco debt in the first 6 months of the year, which equates to $125 million in saved interest costs on an annual basis. This includes the early retirement of an $850 million FE Corp note in January, a $500 million FE Corp note in June and the repurchase of $1 billion in high coupon FE notes through our successful tender offer last month.  This surpasses our original plan for holding company debt reduction and brings FirstEnergy holdco debt as a percentage of total debt to 26% from 33% at the end of 2021. And based on our current forecast with these enhancements, we are tracking just under 12% FFO-to-debt in 2022 and plan to be at 13% FFO-to-debt in 2023, a year ahead of what we initially targeted.  Last week, Fitch upgraded FirstEnergy and FET to investment grade and upgraded our utilities to a BBB flat rating, reflecting the successful completion of our equity transactions, use of those proceeds to pay down company debt and the expected strengthening of our credit metrics, our settlement to address key Ohio regulatory issues and our meaningful improvements on governance matters.  We are proud of the progress we made. And as we saw with the FET transaction, premium valuations of our businesses in the private sector give us significant optionality to further improve the balance sheet and increase value for shareholders.  And now let's turn to a discussion of our financial performance for the quarter. Second quarter GAAP earnings were $0.33 per share and operating earnings were $0.53 per share and within the upper end of our earnings guidance range. The $0.20 of special items in the quarter include a charge of $0.17 per share associated with the redemption and early retirement of FE Corp notes that we discussed earlier. On a pro forma basis, excluding the impact of accounting changes, rate credits provided to Ohio customers and equity financing transactions, operating earnings increased by $0.06 per share or 13% compared to the second quarter of 2021.  On a year-to-date basis, we reported GAAP earnings of $0.83 per share and operating earnings of $1.12 per share. Again, adjusting for the impacts of accounting policy changes, Ohio rate credits and dilution, this represents a $0.06 improvement versus our operating earnings for the first half of 2021 or approximately 6% year-over-year growth.  Results for the quarter in our distribution business decreased slightly compared to the second quarter of 2021, but remain consistent with our expectations. The positive impact of our investment programs in Pennsylvania, Ohio and New Jersey was offset by slightly lower residential customer demand, as I'll discuss in a moment, and higher planned operating expenses including planned maintenance outages at our generation facilities as well as the impact of accelerated maintenance work we mentioned earlier.  I do want to note, despite the inflationary conditions, our year-to-date base O&M expenses are consistent with our operating plan, reflecting strong financial discipline. Total and weather-adjusted distribution deliveries increased approximately 1% compared to the second quarter of 2021 as a result of stronger demand from commercial and industrial customers, reflecting improving conditions versus last year.  Residential sales decreased 1.6% on a year-over-year basis due primarily to milder weather compared to the second quarter of 2021. On a weather-adjusted basis, residential usage decreased slightly due to a continued shift to more normal work and social activities, albeit sales in this class continue to be elevated as compared to pre-pandemic levels.  Deliveries to commercial customers increased 1.5% or 1.9% on a weather-adjusted basis and sales to industrial customers increased 2.4% versus last year. And for the first time, industrial sales were higher than pre-pandemic levels by close to 1%, reflecting strong recovery and growth in many sectors, including steel, fabricated metals, automotive and food manufacturing.  In our transmission business, second quarter results benefited from strong rate base growth associated with our ongoing investments in the Energizing the Future program to improve reliability for our customers. We currently have more than 1,000 transmission projects underway across our footprint, and we've been successful working through acute supply chain challenges to remain on track with our plan to invest $1.5 billion in our system this year.  And finally, in our corporate segment, our results improved by $0.09 per share compared to the second quarter of 2021, largely impacted by higher profits from our legacy investment in a mining operation in Montana as well as lower interest costs from our efforts around the balance sheet I mentioned earlier.  The legacy investment is from the late 2000s where we are a minority investor with a 33% share in the facility. Historically, it has not been a significant driver of our results. However, given higher commodity prices, the mine is outperforming our expectations for 2022 with both earnings and cash distributions, which as I mentioned before, provides us significant flexibility to accelerate reliability and maintenance work in our distribution business.  Although earnings from this investment may continue in the future years, our original plan did not include any earnings contribution beyond 2022. We're off to a solid start for the first half of the year with a strong outlook for the second half. As Steve mentioned, we are confirming our 2022 operating earnings guidance range of $2.30 to $2.50 per share and are also providing third quarter earnings guidance of $0.70 to $0.80 per share.  While we're disappointed in our relative stock price performance since our first quarter call, given the progress we have made over the last years on many fronts, we're confident that our superior assets and clear strategy place us on strong footing to perform well in the future. With that, we'll go ahead and open the line for your questions. As always, thank you for your time and your interest in FirstEnergy.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first questions come from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: So no surprise, I'm going to start with a pension question here, if I may. I guess what sort of proposed changes to rate treatment would you be exploring for your pension to sort of moderate the volatility in between cases? What could that look like? I mean have you started any dialogues with the commissions on this ahead of the filings?  And then just as a follow-up, would you consider moving away from sort of that MTM accounting and towards maybe the smoothing of actual gains and losses like some of your peers do, whether that's the quarter method or some other approach.
Jon Taylor: Shar, this is John. So I think we've had some internal discussions about this. We have not talked to any of the regulatory commissions about this. But it is something that we're looking at, and we're trying to figure out mechanisms that can protect the company from the volatility that we're seeing today.  And so nothing necessarily set in stone, but looking for like tracking mechanisms or some type of deferral mechanism that could protect the utilities from the volatility that we're seeing. And then to your second question, when we adopted the mark-to-market accounting, I think back in the 2010/'11 time frame, that was a preferred method of accounting, and so we can't go back to another method.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then just lastly, I know, obviously, you reiterated the 6% to 8% growth rate, and we clearly see the strategy you guys have laid out to try and mitigate the pension-driven headwinds. But $0.30 drag is still somewhat material in the near term. Just all else equal, if the $0.30 ends up being the final number, I guess, where would that kind of put you in terms of that 6% to 8%, at least at the front end knowing some of these mitigation measures you could be deploying?
Steven Strah: Shar, before I turn it over to Jon for a couple of comments, I just wanted to, on an overall basis, just acknowledge it's a very fluid situation for us. We have put a plan together that Jon outlined in his prepared remarks, and it's up to us to work it.  We continue to be very clear and transparent in our disclosures. And during the first quarter call, we were very upfront and straightforward about the challenge. We also have found a way to find a path forward. And we're going to continue to be very transparent on the issue. There are some things within our plan that are within our control, some outside of our control. As I said, it's fluid.  And look, we're going to be committed to do what's reasonable to address the gap, but be careful that we're not going to unduly impact our customers' experience with us and get our company off track. So I just wanted to make those introductory comments before I turn it back over to Jon.
Jon Taylor: Yes. And Shar, I'm not going to obviously commit to low end or high end of the 6% to 8%. But what I would tell you is this, it's a very volatile situation. In fact, if you just look through the month of July, given the broader markets are up, there's been some softening in the interest rates.  The earnings headwind associated with the pension has improved. At the same time, our funded status has also improved. So it's a very volatile environment and something that we're staying close to. I think -- let me maybe take a minute and talk about this in 2 ways.  First, if you just look at year-over-year earnings growth based on what we know relative to the pension, it starts with our regulatory strategy, strong formula rate investments across transmission and distribution as well as the rate structures we have in place from the Ohio SEET settlement that provides really strong regulatory earnings growth.  Next year, you'll also start to see the full year of the interest savings from the holdco debt reduction initiatives, which is about $0.18 a share annually. That will start to flow through beginning next year. Obviously, that's going to be partially offset by new debt issuances, but it will be a benefit to year-over-year earnings.  And then as I mentioned, we have planned operating efficiencies from FE Forward as well as the benefits from the tender transaction and the investment earnings on the corporate side, the mining operation where it's giving us flexibility to pull ahead some planned maintenance work this year from future years.  And then the remainder of the issue will be addressed by optionality across a broad spectrum of initiatives, including increased capital investments on the transmission system, permanent reductions in corporate and support costs, for instance, external branding and communication cost as well as reducing our real estate footprint. And then we might even have uplift from the mining operation next year that we would consider that's not on our plan.  So I say that because I think the most important way to maybe look at it is what's changed relative to our plan to deal with the $0.30 headwind? And I think you can kind of frame it this way. About 40% of the headwind will be addressed by the moves we're making now to move operating expenses around. 25% of the headwind will be addressed through changes in our financing plan. And then the remaining 1/3 will be associated with the reductions in corporate costs and new capital investments that I mentioned earlier.
Operator: Our next question has come from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: So just to kind of follow-up to the answer of that last question. Jon, you gave the buckets of kind of the offsets, but it kind of implied that those offsets might be enough to the degree that $0.30 is the right number because I know that number won't be set in stone to offset at least maybe most of that. Is that correct? Or is that...
Jon Taylor: Yes. That's correct. I mean the items that we have in place around increasing our capital investments, permanent reductions in corporate and support costs, customer arrears, the improvement in uncollectible expense that we're seeing, we feel very comfortable. Based on what we know right now, as well as the changes in the financing plan, everything that I mentioned earlier, we feel good about the $0.30.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then obviously, you'll flex these, if that $0.30 becomes smaller by year end, maybe you don't do as much but you're kind of finding ways to manage this issue so far.
Jon Taylor: Yes.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. Good. And then second question is the comment on the value of private market values relative to public market. Could you maybe give a little more color on why you kind of highlighted that in the slide deck and what you might be thinking there?
Steven Strah: Steve, this is Steven. It's really all around just considering the given success that we had with the FET transaction. And we're just going to continue to examine ways of creating shareholder value if it makes sense. Step one is to understand potential value. And it's something that we look at on very much a routine basis. And we do have the opportunity to create some new optionality, we believe, based on valuations and where those valuations are right now. And it's just part of our ongoing planning process.
Jon Taylor: Yes, Steve, I would just add on to that, that we continually look at various options to create value. And if there are ways to be opportunistic to take advantage of the difference between public valuations and private market valuations, we're going to consider that. And I would tell you that utility asset valuations in the private sector are -- continue to be strong.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then -- that's helpful. And then my last question is just on the FFO-to-debt improvement kind of happening sooner. Could you talk to whether that has any kind of implications on the timing of -- you mentioned the Fitch going to investment grade, maybe the other agencies and also the timing of when you might consider growing the dividend again?
Jon Taylor: Yes. So maybe I'll take the discussion with the rating agencies. We've provided them our new plan, which reflects the tender transaction, the changes that we've made in our financing plan as well as the mitigating actions that we're going to take to offset the pension.  And it clearly shows that we're going to get to 13% next year as we execute. But I'm not going to speak for the rating agencies. It's up to us to execute against our plan. Moody's has us on positive outlook. But as we talked about with them, it's really important for us to execute against that plan to ensure that they feel comfortable with moving to an upgrade.  On the dividend, yes, I mean, obviously, we're focused on dividend growth. I mean we realize that it's been flat for a couple -- 3 years now. And so as earnings start to grow, we will continue to consider dividend growth.
Operator: Our next question has come from the line of Nicholas Campanella with Crédit Suisse.
Nicholas Campanella: I just wanted to ask again on the public versus private comments. You do have kind of a track record for doing this already at the FET level. So just curious if to see something similar to that transaction that you're exploring? Is this kind of like another entire portfolio review? Can you give us more details there, please?
Jon Taylor: Yes, Nick. So we look at different options each and every year, just looking at all the assets that we have. We're not necessarily targeting a set of assets at this point in time. But it is something that we take a look at from time to time. And if there's, like I said, options to create value for shareholders that takes advantage of these high private valuations, then we're going to consider that.
Nicholas Campanella: Got it. And then just back on the pension efforts here. You kind of mentioned working to kind of smooth these at the regulatory level. Just what states kind of have the most meaningful impact for like an ultimate offset? And is it really just like Ohio and then it would be a 2024 Ohio rate review item to watch? Or maybe you can give us more clarity there.
Jon Taylor: Well, I mean, I think you could probably, based on the number of customers we serve and the size of the states, our service territory in those states, it probably mirrors that pretty good. So I don't have the breakout by state, but we've been able to do some things in certain states, New Jersey, West Virginia and Maryland, where we've had recent rate cases, and we were able to get some different treatment there.  Ohio and Pennsylvania, it's been more traditional. In Ohio, we recover service cost only. Pennsylvania is based on cash contributions to the pension trust. So the exposure probably, you can just kind of pro rata it based on the number of customers each of those utilities have or each of those states have. But what we're really looking to do is try to protect the company from the volatility that we're seeing, for instance, this year.
Operator: Our next question has come from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: A couple. First of all, I noticed in the back of the slide deck, you did not change your capital spend forecast. Some of the commentary you make about pulling forward spend, is what you're saying you'll pull forward over the O&M into 2022? Or are you talking about pulling forward capital or both?
Steven Strah: Right now, Michael, our plan calls for the pulling forward of O&M primarily.
Michael Lapides: Okay. The other question is your regulatory section still highlight plans to file rate cases everywhere next year except Ohio, and Ohio in 2024. Do you -- are you filing those cases to fix rate design? Or are you filing those cases because you think you're under earning in all 3 of those states.
Jon Taylor: Well, I think if you look at the ROE that we published for New Jersey, West Virginia and Maryland, they're all sub-8% as of Q2 LTM. So I would tell you that I feel like we're not earning a reasonable return at this point in time. So I think -- there's nothing that I'm aware of that gets to rate structure or rate design at this point. I mean obviously, we have a little bit of time to plan and prepare for that. But this is mostly to earn a reasonable return on our investments.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And can you remind me which of those states have forward-looking test years and which of those are more on a historical test year? And is there anything you can do to fix the ones or improve the rate making design for the ones that aren't historical?
Jon Taylor: Yes. So West Virginia and Maryland, I think, are historical test years. So we'll likely use 2022 as the test year. I think New Jersey is a little bit of a hybrid where you use some historical, but you can project for certain things and project into the future. So I don't think there's a lot that we can do to change that in those states, but that's kind of where we are at this point.
Michael Lapides: And in Pennsylvania, are you under-earning even though you're utilizing the DISC or do you not have the DISC turned on?
Jon Taylor: We have the DISC turned on -- all of our operating companies have the DISC turned on. So at least according to what we published, we were earning about 8.1% on a pro forma basis, which includes the full year of accounting changes that haven't flowed through the actual results yet, but will over time.
Operator: Our next question has come from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to come back to the pension situation real quickly, if I could. Just to put a bow on it all. It sounds like you guys believe you have all the tools needed to fully offset the $0.30 headwind as it stands right now. Is that a fair way to think about it?
Jon Taylor: Yes. Based on what we know today, Jeremy, we've identified everything we need to offset the $0.30 headwind. I would just remind you, just to -- it's going to be fluid, right? And so that's going to change from time to time, and we're just going to have to keep a close eye on it. And we'll be transparent with you on exactly where we are. But based on what we know as of this point in time, we feel like we can address the $0.30 headwind.
Jeremy Tonet: That's very helpful. And then just wanted to circle back to the management review process, if I could. Just wondering time line to conclusion there. When would we hear more? Do we need resolution of all actions in Federal court? Or just wondering what's the gating items to complete at this point?
Steven Strah: Jeremy, as we previously disclosed, there was a management review committee created as part of our Board of Directors and the work is underway. So that sets off a 90-day clock to complete the review. And I would say I would be thinking around mid-September by the time it's completed. And the Board is following their process, and I really can't comment beyond that.
Operator: Our next question has come from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with the Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Sorry, a couple of clarifications here. Just to confirm, are you still guiding to be approximately $2.55 to $2.60 for '23, right? And I know you said things are fluid, but the '23 number specifically here.
Jon Taylor: That's right.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And when you say things are fluid, obviously, pension mark-to-market is fluid. Are the offset fluid? And just if you can repeat what elements are fluid? I mean I'd be curious, I mean, how do you think about the coal contribution, PRB prices seem to be abating here. Also, I suppose, the Pennsylvania tax rate moving around, is that kind of more of a structural uplift here? Just if you could talk to the offsets being fluid and then some of the components there, those two.
Jon Taylor: There is some ability to be flexible with some of the offsets in terms of how we accelerate expenses from future years into this year. The level of increased transmission spend that we want to put in place. The mining operation is somewhat fluid. So there is some fluidness to all of this.  My point on the pension was mostly around -- we know $0.30 today, it's gotten a little bit better as of last Friday. But the markets are volatile, right? And the $0.30 could be lower, it could be higher. And so we're just going to have to keep an eye on it. But based on what we know today, we feel pretty good about where we are.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. And so maybe just to clarify the fluidity of this. Because pension is fluid, you're moving costs around. How structural is that $0.30 offset though, right? I mean, maybe that's the other side of the step. I get that Pennsylvania tax rate benefit could be structural or at least into the next rate case. But what are the dynamics here, if you can think about that?
Jon Taylor: So just real quickly because you mentioned it twice now. The Pennsylvania tax rate, that's not going to -- that's not structural. That's going to flow back to customers. So that won't be an earnings impact to us going forward. But a lot of the things that we're doing around corporate and support costs, reducing our real estate footprint, that is structural changes that we're going to make.  The improvement in customer arrears and being able to reduce uncollectible expense, that could be structural. The level of contribution from the mining operation, that's probably fluid, right, because a lot of it depends on commodity prices and the ability for the mine to execute against their plan. So there's a lot of moving pieces here.
Operator: Our next question has come from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley.
David Arcaro: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the load growth that you're seeing, pretty good growth this quarter. And I'm wondering if there are any pockets of weakness or recession risks that you see coming up, particularly around the industrial sales or how things are shaping up from there?
Jon Taylor: Yes. So David, I would tell you that we're seeing pretty good growth in the industrial sector quarter-over-quarter. I mean if you look at the last 3 or 4 quarters, on average, it's grown anywhere from 2% to 3%. And that's what we're seeing in the second quarter. I would tell you, on the industrial side, the trends in many of the sectors are better than what we saw in the first quarter.  For instance, steel was up 10% quarter-over-quarter versus 4% in Q1. Auto was up 7% versus 4% in Q1. So we're seeing a lot of trends move in the right direction, which we feel good about. And in fact, as we mentioned on the prepared remarks, this is the first quarter we've seen since the pandemic that our industrial load was better than what we saw in 2019. And that was across a lot of different industries.
David Arcaro: Got it. Just one clarifying question on the pension. You had mentioned the $0.40 kind of benefit goes down to a $0.10 noncash benefit. I was wondering if you -- how do you look at that $0.10 pension benefit? Is that kind of transitory and goes away over time? I know it's going to fluctuate, obviously, in the near term with the pension and with the markets. But is the $0.10 kind of sensitive to rate cases going forward, does it get passed along?
Jon Taylor: So each jurisdiction has different rate treatments for customers. And so in the states that we file -- we'll file in next year where we'll use '22 as a test year, it will be at that $0.40 level. And so they won't see the change to the $0.10 a share next year.
Operator: Our next question has come from the line of Gregg Orrill with UBS.
Gregg Orrill: Just a follow up on the O&M pull forward. Just sort of if you could address how you've thought about supply chain challenges and inflation and labor issues. Do you have the labor you need?
Jon Taylor: Yes, Gregg, I would say a lot of the work we've already started to execute on. And so we have the contractors and the labor to support that. That's not to say that we don't have challenges with supply chain. We're seeing a lot of different impacts, specifically around lead times, around equipment, across a number of categories, transformers, breakers, regulators, all have extended lead times.  But this is more around just getting planned maintenance work done ahead of schedule and in '22 as opposed to future years. So it's not necessarily a contract or a labor issue.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Srinjoy Banerjee with Barclays.
Srinjoy Banerjee: So obviously, congratulations on the Fitch upgrade. For the other rating agencies, any specific catalysts you think they're waiting for? I think Moody's mentioned sort of the Board level management review is one. And to clarify, just the FFO-to-debt number you're giving, 13%, does that add back pensions?
Jon Taylor: Well, they'll use the pension obligation at the end of '21, that's in their metrics, which supports the 13% that we provided them. That's correct. But with respect to catalyst, I'm not aware of anything specifically that either Moody's or S&P are looking for.  I think it's just continued execution against our plan and seeing how the cultural changes continue to progress, the changes around compliance and ethics that we're executing on. All the recommendations that came out of the investigation and how we're executing on those will be important as well. But nothing specifically that they've said is a catalyst for the upgrade that I'm aware of.
Srinjoy Banerjee: And just in terms of the use of proceeds from the various transactions, I think the total was around $3.5 billion, so both the FET minority stake sale and the new equity as well. You did mention $2.5 billion, of course, gone to holdco debt reduction. How are you thinking about the remaining $1 billion?
Jon Taylor: Yes. It will be deployed at the operating company level to strengthen capital structures to fund their capital programs. So that's the plan.
Srinjoy Banerjee: Got it. And should we think of that as sort of accelerated debt repayment in any of those opcos or does it more just sort of reduce upcoming debt issuance needs there?
Jon Taylor: Yes. The latter, upcoming debt issuances.
Srinjoy Banerjee: Got it. And then just 1 final one. You mentioned the potential for future asset sales or minority stake sales. How are you thinking about that in terms of what would drive the use of proceeds there?
Jon Taylor: Well, I would tell you, given where some of our high coupon debt is trading today, I mean, it's very attractive to maybe continue to further delever the holding company, if you could. But I think we'd cross that bridge when we get to it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sophie Karp with KeyBanc.
Sophie Karp: A quick question on the Montana mining operation that you highlighted this quarter. You mentioned that it's not in the plan beyond 2022. Is that just simply not factoring in the contributions from there? Or are you planning to dispose of that asset or that investment?
Jon Taylor: Yes. Sophie, just in our original plan that we announced back in November and February of this year, we didn't assume earnings contribution from the mine in '23 or beyond. We just had a modest amount factored in, in '22, and it's exceeding our expectations in this year.
Sophie Karp: So the plan is to continue to hold that investment?
Jon Taylor: Well, I would tell you, we've looked at exploring how we transition out of that facility over time. As you can imagine, it's a challenge to do something like that, just given the situation. But it is something that we look at from time to time, and we'll have discussions with the other owners.
Sophie Karp: Got it. And then on the Grid Mod, right, the Grid Mod plan you filed in Ohio. Can you remind us the regulatory cadence of that? What should we be watching as far as dates and discussions with regulators or federal?
Jon Taylor: Yes. So I would say, to be determined. I think the staff and the commission will need to set a schedule. And depending on how things go, that will drive the schedule. I can't give you a sense of the time line at this point in time.
Sophie Karp: Got it. And last if I may, not to kind of beat this dead horse with pension, but just maybe I missed the remarks. Absence of different regulatory treatment that you might get later on, right, when you pursue it. Is there a reason why you cannot smooth out the impact of pension volatility just strictly from the accounting standpoint?
Jon Taylor: No. I mean, because your pension is -- the pension just -- if you just look at the pure accounting, I mean, you mark the pension -- everybody marks the pension to market and sets pension expense based on the year-end market conditions. And so that's really what sets pension expense. And so if you look at just the interest component, you're seeing significant increases in interest rates. And then the assets are down 15%. And so that creates the volatility in the, what I'll call the normal pension exposure for us and, quite frankly, for other companies.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Strah for any closing comments.
Steven Strah: Well, great. Thank you very much. I just wanted to take a moment to thank everyone for joining us today and for your continued support, and we'll talk to you soon. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. And welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. At this time, it is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you, Ms. Prezelj. You may now begin.
Irene Prezelj: Thank you. Welcome to our first quarter 2022 earnings call. Today we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other matters. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by these statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the Earnings Information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures, the presentation that supports today’s discussion and other detailed information about the quarter and year can be found in the Strategic and Financial Highlights document on the Investors section of our website. We will begin today’s call with presentations from Steve Strah, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jon Taylor, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Several other executives will be available for the Q&A session. Now, I will turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Strah: Thanks, Irene, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. We are off to a solid start in 2022. Yesterday, we reported GAAP earnings of $0.51 per share and operating earnings of $0.60 per share in line with the midpoint of our guidance. With our financial performance, operational momentum, portfolio of assets and robust long-term business model, we are in a strong position, and I am optimistic and excited about the future. Today we are reaffirming our operating earnings guidance of $2.30 per share to $2.50 per share for 2022 and growth of 6% to 8% thereafter based on our five-year $17 billion investment plan. And while the dividend is subject to board approval, I can affirm that we will still expect to maintain our annual dividend rate of $1.56 per share this year with the objective to grow the dividend within our payout ratio as earnings increase from our 2022 base. This year we are focused on continuing our transformation into a company with a strong foundation and unrelenting focus on our customers, and a leader in the energy transition. Over the last couple of years, we have asked a lot of our employees as we implemented a series of changes. From FE Forward initiatives to our enhanced values, numerous updates to policies and procedures and multiple training sessions across the company our employees have accomplished a lot and they have done this while executing at a high level across the company. I am very grateful for all of them and incredibly appreciative of their work and strong performance over the many years, but especially over the last 18 months. I am very proud of what they have done. Building off this momentum, we believe that our employees and culture will be the single most important value drivers of our long-term strategy. Earlier this year, we formed a cross-functional Culture Transformation working group to consolidate, coordinate and streamline our numerous initiatives designed to drive culture change with the goal of making these changes meaningful and impactful to employees. By better aligning our culture initiatives and narrowing the focus with a simpler, integrated culture change roadmap for 2022, we can help employees make meaningful steps in a few areas at a time. The outcome of this work resulted in identifying three key focus areas for our culture transformation for 2022. Embedding our refreshed values, integrity, safety, DE&I, performance excellence and stewardship into every aspect of our culture. Fostering an open trusting environment, where leaders create opportunities for two way dialogue and employees feel valued and empowered, and improving advancement and development opportunities for our employees. We are supporting these efforts by consistently demonstrating our values in action in communicating with employees, creating a culture champion network to support our transformation efforts, facilitating listening sessions hosted by me and other members of our senior leadership team, along with small group employee discussions and quarterly speak up sessions that encourage open and transparent two-way dialogue and enhancing our focus and accountability around more robust, meaningful discussions between employees and their supervisors that support career management and development. We are striving to empower employees to make their jobs more meaningful and encourage the candor and collaboration that can make our company more innovative, customer focused and a great place to work. Changing a culture takes time, trust and persistent modeling, as well as alignment with our employee’s personal values and needs. I am deeply committed to this, as is our leadership team and we view it as critically important work. By listening being more open and transparent we can do better and produce better results for all of our stakeholders, including our employees, customers and investors. Taking a more open and engaged approach is also a cornerstone of our efforts to prioritize our customers and enhance the customer experience. Last month before Winter Utility Disconnection Moratoriums lifted in our areas, we launched an enhanced campaign to engage residential customers who may be facing financial hardships. We recognize that many customers in this position don’t reach out for help and they may be unaware of the various utility bill assistance programs available to them. To reach these customers, we produced a video message featuring several members of our customer service team. They spoke passionately about their desire to assist customers and we raised awareness of various programs and payment options that might help during these difficult times. Our goal was to reach out and invite customers to come to us for help. At the end of March, we had more than a quarter million customers enrolled in Utility Assistance Programs, with $71 million in funding applied to those accounts, compared to the first quarter of 2021 that’s an increase of more than 17% in contributions directly benefiting customers enrolled in these assistance programs this year. This effort also contributed to a continued decline of past due balances, which are now on par with pre-pandemic levels in Ohio and West Virginia, reducing the risk of bad debt. This campaign is the first step to enhance the customer experience, show customers that we care and we will help them wherever they are on their journey. As we discussed on our fourth quarter call, FE Forward is our engine for optimizing our organization and customer focused initiatives, including numerous projects designed to enhance communications, self-service options and provide better experiences for customers who are in need of assistance. For example, we have recently enhanced our website to make it easier for customers to understand and pay their bills. They can also use new features to easily make a payment for a family member or friend, enroll in payment plans that level out their billing, identify assistance programs and avoid service disconnection. From an organization standpoint, now that we have aligned our utility operations into a five state model to enhance collaboration, streamline processes and maximize efficiency, we are beginning a longer term review to consider the possible benefits of combining our Ohio entities, as well as those in Pennsylvania from a legal, financial, operational and branding perspective. And finally, FE Forward will improve productivity and our cost structure through investments in digital technologies, upgrading and integrating key systems and using data to help us make better, more efficient decisions for our customers. Through these investments, we anticipate significant productivity improvements, substantially reducing the need for high cost external contractors that augment our workforce today. Our commitment to prioritizing customers also means providing excellent service and preparing for the grid of the future. In Ohio, we are nearing the end of the first phase of our Grid Mod program, which began in 2019 and includes investments in smart meters, distribution, automation and voltage regulating equipment. The program also supports our advanced distribution management system that is being installed to help automate the outage restoration process and optimize grid performance. We are excited about the benefits these investments can provide to our customers, including enhanced reliability, improved power quality and greater visibility into their electricity usage. We plan to file for a second phase of Grid Mod investments in Ohio in the third quarter to continue this successful program. In New Jersey, JCP&L received approval from the BPU to begin installing smart meters on customer homes and businesses in 2023. The approved plan includes a capital investment of $421 million for the installation of more than $1.1 million smart meters over a 36-month period. Across our entire footprint, our utilities have installed more than $2.7 million smart meters since 2014, with implementation efforts nearly complete in Pennsylvania and currently underway in Ohio. In New Jersey, we are working toward a settlement of our proposed EV driven program. The four-year program is designed to accelerate the adoption of light-duty electric vehicles with incentives in rate structures that would support the development of an EV charging infrastructure throughout our JCP&L service territory. We are also making solid progress to complete our sale of a 19.9% stake in FET to Brookfield. Last week, Sophie has notified FET and Brookfield that it’s determined there were known unresolved national security issues and its review of the transaction was concluded. And yesterday FERC issued its orders on the pending applications for Blackstone’s designee to serve as a voting member on the FP Corp. Board and for authority to close the transaction with Brookfield. We remain on track to close the sale of the FET minority interest in the second quarter of this year and deploy the proceeds thereafter. We also continue to make progress in resolving outstanding litigation in order to provide certainty to stakeholders and focus our attention on the future. Last week, we reached a settlement in the ratepayer civil RICO lawsuit in the amount of $37.5 million. We previously recognized a reserve for this settlement in our fourth quarter 2021 earnings. I am looking forward to working with our refreshed Board, including new nominees Sean Klimczak of Blackstone and Jana Croom, who is the Chief Financial Officer for Kimball Electronics. At the same time, I’d like to express my sincere appreciation to our outgoing Board members, Don Misheff; Mike Anderson; Julia Johnson; Tom Mitchell; Chris Pappas; and Luis Reyes. I am very grateful for their expertise and guidance. Thank you for your time today. We are committed to continue delivering financial and operational excellence as we execute our long-term business strategies and transform our company into a more innovative, resilient and industry-leading organization. Now I will turn the call over to Jon for a financial update.
Jon Taylor: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. As Steve said, we are off to a solid start this year. Our first quarter GAAP earnings of $0.51 per share and operating earnings of $0.60 per share were in line with the midpoint of our guidance. Excluding the impact of our recently issued equity, rate credits provided to Ohio customers under our PUCO approved stipulation last year and an accounting policy changes, operating earnings increased by $0.03 per share compared to the first quarter of 2021. Our first quarter results include several special items, the largest being a $0.06 per share charge associated with the redemption and early retirement of an $850 million FE Corp. note in January of this year. Excluding the items I mentioned the results in our distribution business decreased slightly, but were consistent with our business plan. The year-over-year change was primarily driven by a slight increase in operating and other expenses, primarily related to planned plant outages in West Virginia and higher storm costs and employee benefits, partially offset by lower uncollectible expense. These costs were partially offset by higher customer demand and the continued economic recovery in the commercial and industrial segments. It’s important to note that our operating costs were in line with our forecast as discussed on the fourth quarter call. Our total distribution deliveries increased 3.6% compared to the first quarter of 2021 and we are only slightly off our load forecast for the first quarter. Breaking the year-over-year impact down by customer class, we saw a 2.2% increase in residential demand, due primarily to weather and on a weather adjusted basis customer usage decreased only slightly versus the first quarter of 2021, as customers continued resuming normal work and social activities. Deliveries to commercial customers increased 7.6% and 4.7% on a weather adjusted basis, which is a significant increase in this customer class, while sales to industrial customers increased 2.5% with many sectors including steel and automotive showing recovery from recessionary conditions. Overall, customer demand continues to slowly return to pre-pandemic levels. Our one-year residential sales trend is about 3% higher than 2019 levels, while commercial and industrial deliveries remain about 4% and 2% below 2019. In our transmission business first quarter results increased $0.03 per share, primarily due to rate base growth associated with our ongoing investments in our Energizing the Future program and in our corporate segment, our results compared to the first quarter of 2021, primarily reflect lower interest expense and higher investment returns. In addition to our earnings guidance, we are on track to meet our cash from operations target of $2.6 billion to $3 billion this year and improve operating cash flow consistent with earnings over time. We met with the rating agencies earlier this month and had a good conversation about our progress, including our ongoing efforts to improve our balance sheet and strengthen the credit profile of FirstEnergy, as we work to reach 13% FFO to debt by 2024, targeting mid-teens thereafter. As Steve mentioned, we are on track to close the FET transaction in the second quarter. As we said, we plan to use a significant portion of the $2.4 billion in proceeds from the Brookfield transaction, together with the $1 billion Blackstone equity investment to strengthen our balance sheet by reducing debt or debt-like obligations and to fund our capital program. In addition to the $850 million FE Corp. note, we retired in January, we plan to retire an additional $500 million at the corporate level after the Brookfield transaction closes and recapitalize certain operating companies to enhance their credit metrics and capital structures. Later this year, we will make a determination on the deployment of the remaining $800 million, which could be used for a voluntary pension contribution, further reductions in FE Corp. debt or to fund CapEx. As we have mentioned previously, 2022 is a light year on the debt financing front, with up to $750 million of planned debt issuances. However, steep increases in interest rates and market volatility have impacted our pension plan. As of the end of the first quarter, the discount rate for our pension application increased nearly 75 basis points or 25% to 3.75%, while the assets in the pension plan had close to a 6% loss for the quarter. While the funded status has improved from 82% at the end of 2021 to 84%, the volatility in the interest rate and equity markets has created a potential headwind for higher pension expense in 2023 and beyond. This is something we will continue to watch throughout the remainder of the year, but we are already thinking through different opportunities to offset this potential headwind. Yesterday, we affirmed our 2022 operating earnings guidance and provided guidance for the second quarter of $0.46 per share to $0.56 per share. Given the number of moving pieces we have this year, we recognize consensus estimates by quarter are somewhat challenging for analysts at the moment and we appreciate your work to get through this period with us. We are off to a solid start this year and we have got an excellent transformation plan to continue becoming an industry-leading company focused on long-term value for investors, customers, our communities and employees. As always, I appreciate your time and your interest in FirstEnergy. I will open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question is from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning.
Steve Strah: Good morning, Jeremy. How are you?
Jeremy Tonet: Good. Good. Thanks. Just want to start off, I guess, with the review that you spoke about with potentially combining the Pennsylvania and Ohio entities in the respective states. And just wondering if you could walk us through in a bit more detail what would be kind of the gives and takes of why or why not do that as you think about this process going forward and why is the review happening now as opposed to any point in the past as well, just kind of curious on your thought process and what the drivers could be there?
Steve Strah: Well, thanks for your question. Through our FE Forward program, we have aligned our operations into a five state operating model and we are finding efficiency gains there already even though it’s early in the process and, and we are very excited by that. We are reviewing the legal entity and financial consolidation, because we believe the time is right to stand a team up and do a very thorough review of the opportunity. We have fielded calls and had questions over the last several years in my experience and would there be an opportunity here. And given our comprehensive review of the organization opportunities, we thought now is the right time to get a project team stood up and underway. And while it’s early, the teams are really going to be charged with assessing the benefits for the company through any kind of consolidation, but then we also have to keep our customers in mind and what type of benefits they may see from any action that we take here. The potential benefits, Jeremy, to me are the potential for increased efficiencies in some of our administrative functions and there is also a possibility that it could provide us better access to capital markets. So that’s really our view of it.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. So, it doesn’t seem like there’s anything out there that would prevent you or dissuade you at this point as long as everything unfolds as what you expect in the review process. Is that kind of a fair way to think about it?
Steve Strah: Well, I think, the team is charged with probably a critical cost benefit analysis and once we are completed with that, we are going to do what makes sense here for our customers and for our company. And if it makes sense to us, we will move ahead and we will keep you updated on our progress.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thanks for that. Just pivoting here, I want to touch -- to hit on some of these accounting changes that you are going through your distribution companies. And could you just refresh us, walk us through the process that led you to these changes and how we should be thinking about impacts going forward here? Is everything kind of set at this point as far as of what levels of changes there are?
Jon Taylor: Yeah. Hey, Jeremy. This is John. First of all, let me apologize in advance for my voice. I have been under the weather this week and my voice is a little off. But to answer your question, there’s really two primary accounting changes. One was corporate support costs that we had historically capitalized based on a methodology. As we went through the FERC audit, they had maybe a different point of view. And so we came to a conclusion that some of the corporate costs that we had historically capitalized going forward wouldn’t get that level of capitalization going forward. And then the second accounting change was around veg management, where we had historically capitalized a portion of our veg management program, and through various state audits and the FERC audit we decided to move forward with having all that flow through the P&L. So on average it’s about $150 million a year that historically had been capitalized that now flow through the P&L that is baked into our plan for the full year of 2022 and going forward.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Sounds good. I will leave it there. Thank you.
Steve Strah: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. Good morning to you and thank you for the time. So maybe just the high level, how did the April rating agency conversations go, how are you think about the prospects for fully being IG?
Steve Strah: Julien, thanks for the question. As Jon had mentioned in his prepared remarks, we had three what I would characterize as very good meetings in April to discuss our continued transformation and our ongoing efforts to improve our balance sheet. I think in all three cases, there was an acknowledgement of the progress that we are making as a company and executing on what our plan was for the last year to 18 months and it’s also clear to me that we have to continue that track record of executing our business plan. So, our focus, as we have said many times is to get to the FFO-to-debt goal of 13% no later than 2024. And I think that’s well-received, as well as thereafter getting into the mid-teens level. We also had a dialogue on the use of proceeds for the two transformative transactions that we executed on in the fourth quarter. And I think we are taking those steps needed to get to investment grade, and as we have stated before, that it’s very important for us and it is a very key focus for us moving ahead. Jon Taylor, I don’t know if you have anything to add to that perhaps.
Jon Taylor: Yeah. Steve, I think, you said it well. I thought the meetings were very productive, a lot of discussion around culture and the things that we are doing around our code of conduct and other policies, as well as our financial plan. As you know, Julien, two of them have us on positive outlook. And I think as long as we continue to execute, I am optimistic that they are going to be in a position to upgrade sometime this year. It might be later this year, but as long as we continue to execute against our plan, I am optimistic that they will be able to do something later this year. Now, for S&P, they have us on a stable outlook. They have a little bit of a different timeline. But from the conversations that we had, I do anticipate that they could be in a position to at least have an outlook change maybe as early as the fourth quarter.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Great. And just a couple more detailed ones here, if I can. I mean, on the pension, what does it currently look like given the moves that we have seen in rates just even since 3/31, can you quantify the potential earnings impact? And then also on the accounting change, was there any amount that would replace the amount you capitalized? What was that amount and then what jurisdiction?
Jon Taylor: Yeah. So Julien on the pension, let me just maybe some level set the group here on. Obviously there’s a lot of moving pieces, but there’s some volatility in the interest rate environment, as well as the equity markets. And on the balance sheet side of things, it’s been positive, right? It’s moved our funded status from 82% at the end of last year to 84%, which is about a $350 million improvement in the liability, which improves credit metrics by about 20 basis points. However, for pension expense, because of the planned losses versus the expected return, that’s going to put some pressure on or at least some potential pressure on pension expense. And if you had the market at the end of March, it would have been about a $0.10 per share headwind for us. Now a couple of thoughts I would offer. First of all, we have eight months to go in terms of setting pension expense for next year. So it’s early and we have we have time to recover. But more importantly, the management team is already planning, is it this headwinds going to exist and we will be able to use the O&M benefits associated with our FE Forward program that we recently announced as offsets, as well as we are looking at other opportunities around the timing of maintenance activities, we are looking at our debt financing plan including voluntary pension contributions and many more opportunities. So bottomline is, we wanted to be transparent, and more importantly, articulate our plan that we are working on. Obviously, this is something that we are going to continue to monitor. But we run our business conservatively and always have levers that we can pull to offset items such as this.
Steve Strah: Julien, this is Steve. I would just also add, we have seen volatility surrounding pension performance in our past. We have demonstrated in our past that we can overcome headwinds. And also, I would add that, it is our ongoing effort to be transparent about key issues like this and it’s early in the year. As John said, we have eight months and the team is dedicated to defeat any headwinds that we will see. So I am very confident in that, and once again, we will keep you updated throughout the year as we proceed.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right. And then…
Steve Strah: Yeah. And Julien, I am sorry, you had a two part question. Maybe you could just…
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yeah. I was going to -- sorry, on the accounting changes, just what was in rate base, if you will? How is that moving around size, super quick clarification?
Jon Taylor: Yeah. So all the accounting changes, Julien, were prospective, so…
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay.
Jon Taylor: It’s back to historical rate base. So it was a prospective change.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Thank you, guys. I appreciate the patience.
Steve Strah: Thank you very much, Julien.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Steve Fleishman: Yeah. Great. Thanks. I think you answered my question on the pension. It sounds like that’s just manageable within the 6% to 8% growth rate. Is that fair?
Steve Strah: Yes. Yes. Absolutely.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And maybe any thoughts on, you obviously were very successful with the transmission sell down. Any thoughts on whether it might make sense for additional asset sales? I guess you don’t really have any further equity needs except the -- that the $100 million a year thing. So I am just curious any thoughts there?
Jon Taylor: Yeah. Hi, Steve. This is John. So you are right, we don’t have any additional equity leads in our plan. Obviously, we feel like we have the right level of growth in cash flow to get back to an investment grade and fund our capital programs and connect competitive dividends. Having said that, I think, if you look at the track record of this management team, we are going to do what’s right for shareholders. And if there was ever an opportunity or need like that again in the future, we would absolutely look at all of our options and capitalize on the difference between public and private market valuations, just like we did last year.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Great. And just any, I guess, further update on the shareholder settlement process, I think, after got a little noisy with that one judge, just how confident are you that that’s going to get approved?
Steve Strah: Well. Steve, you are referring to the derivative lawsuit settlement and just the…
Steve Fleishman: That’s correct.
Steve Strah: … for everyone. I got it. All parties in the shareholder derivative cases agreed to a global settlement, and as you know, it’s subject to court approval. On March 11 the parties submitted their papers to the Southern District of Ohio court and the approval process will take a little bit of time. And I just want to continue to respect that ongoing process and that’s where we stand on it.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Steve Strah: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your questions.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. Just following on the investigation, can you give us an update on what’s going on with the SEC investigation?
Steve Strah: Sure, Angie. Thanks for your question. The investigations are ongoing and we as a company continue to fully cooperate and we are ready to do that. I can’t really speculate on any timing for completion right now. We are somewhat on their timetable and we respect that. So I don’t want to get too far ahead of the process and that’s really where we stand with it right now.
Angie Storozynski: And you haven’t provisioned, so there’s no reserve or any provision for that potential settlement or fine, whatever you call it?
Steve Strah: No. It -- I -- we have noted in our 10-Q that we believe that it’s probable that we will incur a loss, but we can’t reasonably estimate it at this time.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then, secondly, Jon, you mentioned that, the O&M is tracking your annual plan. It’s a little bit surprising to me to see maintenance outage expense for power plants during the first quarter, which is the peak usage season for power. Is it just the -- it’s basically that’s when the outage happens and hence the recognition of the cost?
Jon Taylor: Yeah. The outage was in late February, March. So, March being kind of a shorter month, I don’t feel like that’s unusual at all.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then, lastly, I think that you guys mentioned that, there’s another Grid Mod, this CapEx filing in Ohio, is that something new, because I actually didn’t expect any regulatory proceedings besides just the pending audits in Ohio this year?
Jon Taylor: No. That’s -- Angie, that’s something that we have had on our radar for quite some time. We started the Grid Mod 1 program three years ago and that was always the intention that there would be different phases of the Grid Mod program. And so that’s something that will file probably later this year or we will find out later this year. We have already kind of had some discussions with some of the intervening parties around the plan and some of the thoughts. But it will be kind of a continuation of our Grid Mod 1 program, smart meters, distribution automation, voltage regulation. We might do some pilot work around trip savers and utility on storage, battery on storage, those types of programs. But this is always been in the plan.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then the last one, where do you expect to be on the FFO-to-debt by the end of this year?
Jon Taylor: So, from an S&P perspective we will be over 11% and from a Moody’s perspective we will be somewhere between 10.5% and 11%. So that’s kind of where we are targeting. A lot of it’s going to depend on what we do with the final $800 million of the proceeds, whether we fund the pension or take out additional holding company debt. So those numbers could change quite a bit, but that’s current -- that’s our thinking.
Angie Storozynski: Great. Thank you.
Steve Strah: Thanks, Angie.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael Lapides: Hey, everybody. Thank you for taking my question. Just curious can you remind us ex the accounting changes, what was embedded in 2022 guidance for O&M growth or O&M savings rate year-over-year?
Jon Taylor: Yeah. So, Michael, if you do -- if you adjust last year with O&M for the accounting changes, just our base level operating costs, we are going to be about $1.4 billion this year. Last year we were a little bit north of that number. So as you start to think through the rest of this year, especially in the second half of this year, you will start to see some O&M reductions relative to the prior year based on our FE Forward program and then that will continue into the following year. So, we are super excited about it and its meaningful reductions and you will start to see that in the second half of this year. And that’s going to give us some flexibility to do some things strategically where if we want to put some additional O&M and certain jurisdictions or do some other things, it just gives us a lot of flexibility, when you have that type of program.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And when I…
Steve Strah: And that…
Michael Lapides: Oh! Go ahead.
Steve Strah: Sorry, Michael. This is Steve. I was just going to add, even while you are going to see that impact on O&M, which will be a lowering impact, we are keeping our customers at the center of the equation here also. And that is even as we lower O&M by the reinvestment in certain ways in our various computer systems, the ability to streamline service for customers, the customer experience will be enhanced all at the same time. So I just wanted to add that sort of step down there.
Michael Lapides: Oh! Good. Just one follow-up there, when I think about the long-term, did the long-term kind of whatever O&M assumption is embedded in guidance? Does that include the benefit you may realize from the utility consolidations in Ohio and Pennsylvania?
Jon Taylor: Well, so Michael, so the benefit associated with the consolidation of Pennsylvania and Ohio, that’s not necessarily an O&M benefit. There might be some administrative things that are streamlined. But in the main, it’s not an O&M benefit. Because as Steve mentioned, we have already gone to a five state operating model operation, right? And so we already operating with this and that’s where some of the benefits on the O&M side is the streamlining of the operations into that five state operating model. The benefits associated with consolidating some of the legal entities is on the financing side, right? I mean, right now, those companies, smaller companies and they are accessing the private debt markets and the little bit more expensive than if you were to access the public markets.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Okay. And then, finally, just coming to one of the regulatory items, the light-vehicle charging program in New Jersey that you are kind of trying to reach settlement for, can you remind us what’s the capital required in that?
Jon Taylor: So, I think, we are going to be -- it’s going to be south of $100 million. I think it’s going to be probably somewhere around $50 million that will be rate based. But, yeah, we are working the settlement, and hopefully, we will have some clarity around that, too.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Jon. Thanks, Steve. Much appreciate it, guys.
Steve Strah: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Sanjay Banerjee [ph] with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe a couple of one. So you mentioned OpCo recapitalization. Could you remind us which OpCos would specifically target and just how much of the proceeds from the disposal you would allocate there? And then, secondly, around these $800 million that could be used for pension contribution or HoldCo debt, are leaning towards one or the other right now, would Moody’s prefer you get it more towards HoldCo debt reduction and could that accelerate the upgrade to investment rating? Thanks.
Jon Taylor: Yeah. So when it comes to the equity contributions and then the operating companies, that’s primarily going to be in our Pennsylvania companies in Mon Power, in West Virginia, maybe a little bit in Ohio, but primarily Pennsylvania and West Virginia. And then, like I said, just a little bit in Ohio. So that’s kind of what we are targeting right now. A lot of those cap structures over the years have moved down to the mid-40s. We are going to get those back up to 50%. So we feel good about that plan. When it comes to the $800 million, obviously, a lot of it depends on the interest rate environment, where the funding status of the pension plan ends, incremental capital opportunities. Our focus is on improving the balance sheet, enhancing our credit metrics, but also to make sure anything we do is accretive to earnings. The conversations that we had with Moody’s specifically, I didn’t get the sense that they, pension contribution versus HoldCo debt take out, I don’t think they, they counted adjusted debt to them anyway both. And so I didn’t think they had a view one way or the other. But we are obviously as we kind of make these decisions, we will run things by them.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much. And just one very quick follow-up. When you have the conversation with the agencies, did you get a sense that they were looking for anything else outside of the sale of the FET minority stake, so conclusion of any of the investigations with the SEC, just curious there?
Jon Taylor: No. I didn’t get that sense. I mean, like, I said, I think, for us it’s just a matter of executing our plan and deploying the proceeds from the Brookfield transaction. And I think they are very pleased with the changes that we have made. They are very interested in our cultural changes and the things that we are doing around our compliance program and stuff like that. So, I don’t -- I didn’t get the sense that there was anything else that they were looking for. But I don’t want to speak for them. I just don’t recall that in the conversation being a big issue.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you very much.
Steve Strah: Thank you
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont with Mizuho. Please proceed with your questions.
Paul Fremont: Thanks. Does the debt pay down at the HoldCo and the potential recapitalization of utilities in any way change your equity guidance for the next five years? And if not, should we just expect that capital spending will ultimately be funded all with debt?
Jon Taylor: So, well, let me address your question there. I mean, if you think about our $17 billion capital program and the equity proceeds that we have coming in, plus the cash from operations that will generate over the five-year period. We are only going to fund our capital program with 30% debt, $5 billion. In the meantime, we are going to take out $1.5 billion. So over the forecast period our balance sheet debt is only going to grow by $3.5 billion, even though we are going to invest $17 billion.
Paul Fremont: And does that include expected funding, additional funding of holding company?
Jon Taylor: We won’t, I mean, so the plan right now is the holding company debt, after we take out the $500 million this year, we will be a $6.5 billion. So it will not -- we will not have any more holding company debt. In fact, if we make a decision that we are going to take out more holding company debt that will be less than that.
Paul Fremont: Okay. And then, I guess, you are talking about possible pension funding. Have you determined on a target number for pension funding this year?
Jon Taylor: It would be voluntary. It’s a voluntary contribution. So…
Paul Fremont: I guess in the past…
Jon Taylor: …we don’t required.
Paul Fremont: It’s been like around $500 million. Is that sort of a reasonable assumption that that would continue?
Jon Taylor: So the remaining proceeds, Paul, is $800 million from the two transactions and if we decide to make a pension contribution, that’s totally up to us. So it could be the full $800 million. It could be, we decide to go a different route and maybe take out additional holding company debt, maybe we fund a pension $300 million or $400 million. There’s a lot to be worked out and so I can’t give you a good answer, but it’s a voluntary contribution, not a mandatory or required contribution.
Paul Fremont: Great. That’s it. That’s -- thank you very much.
Steve Strah: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gregg Orrill with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Gregg Orrill: Yeah. Thank you. I was wondering how you are thinking about the 50-basis-point RTO adder and I know you have disclosed sort of your sensitivities to that. But in sort of downside scenario, how does that affect your thoughts around earnings guidance?
Steve Strah: I don’t think it’s going to have a material impact on earnings guidance, Gregg. I think we have been fairly clear that the -- and the sensitivity that we do have for it, it will not materially throw us off track in terms of achieving our goals. We also continue to believe that the adder is appropriate and it’s helpful for us, as we continue to build out and improve transmission reliability for our system in our five state footprint and that’s where we stand on it.
Gregg Orrill: Got it. Thank you.
Steve Strah: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor over to Mr. Strah for closing remarks.
Steve Strah: Well, thank you very much and thanks for your ongoing support and attention today. I did want to just take a brief moment and wish everyone a Happy Earth Day, which is today actually. At FirstEnergy, we are really proud of our commitment to the environment. This week we stated a goal in which we are going to plant 20,000 trees throughout our service territory. It’s just one of a number of different initiatives organized by our Green teams, which are employee volunteers who support environmental initiatives in a full range of items, from planting trees to beach cleanups to recycling. And I am just very, very proud of our employees that are engaged in such an important activity for us and I just wanted to acknowledge and thank them for that today. And with that, I will call it close to the call. Thank you for your continued attention and support, and we will be talking to you soon. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-11 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you. Ms. Prezelj, you may begin.
Irene Prezelj: Thank you. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings call. Today, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other matters. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by these statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the Earnings Information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures, the presentation that supports today’s discussion and other detailed information about the quarter and year can be found in the strategic and financial highlights document on the Investors section of our website. We will begin today’s call with presentations from Steve Strah, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Jon Taylor, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Several other executives will be available for the Q&A session. Now, I will turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Strah: Thanks, Irene. Good morning, everyone. I am glad you could join us and we have a lot of ground to cover. Over the past year, our Board, leadership team and employees have worked together to dramatically reshape FirstEnergy. We have embraced important foundational changes to strengthen our culture and the core of our company. We are optimizing our operations through our transformational FE Forward initiative and we bolstered our financial position to enable long-term strategic investments to modernize the electric grid and to deliver a superior customer experience. I am extremely proud of our progress. This important work together with our continued strong operational performance is energizing our company. Our efforts in 2021 were the first steps on a journey to transform FirstEnergy into a more sustainable company, centered on our core values and built for the long term. While the deferred prosecution agreement, the approved Ohio settlement and the progress we announced yesterday in resolving outstanding litigation are all very important milestones, most of our significant work over the past year involves the cultural changes at our company. So I’d like to start by talking about that. We are building a culture where all of us at every level in the organization feel valued and understand the importance of doing what is right. This means doing what is in the best interest of our stakeholders as well as the environment, working as one team across the company and developing an inclusive and safe culture where employees feel empowered and motivated to speak up and bring their very best everyday. This culture change is the foundation, the heart, if you will, of a new FirstEnergy and I am deeply committed to making this change. My vision is to be a company that all stakeholders trust that is focused on delivering value to our customers and where employees bring an innovative and continuous improvement mindset to work everyday. Fulfilling this vision starts with our people. Through all of the tribulations over the past 2 years, our employees have risen to every challenge and shown true character. They have delivered strong results while demonstrating a passion for what they do and a passion for serving customers. They deeply care about the communities we serve and they have a strong sense of pride for this company. But we know that pride was eroded by what happened related to House Bill 6. I, along with the Board and the entire management team, am dedicated to restoring their pride by building a company that is grounded in an unwavering culture of compliance, ethics, integrity and accountability at every level. People are our greatest asset and through our employee-driven FE Forward program, we are implementing their ideas and solutions to create value for our company, our customers and other stakeholders. By investing $150 million in innovation, digital tools and technologies, we can work more safely and efficiently, deliver an exceptional experience for customers, and unlock opportunities for growth that are embedded in the broad energy transition. For example, our employees have determined that we can better serve our customers through a 5-state operating model with centrally driven best practices and processes as opposed to separate operating company management teams. And last week, we made that transition. Employees are implementing enhanced communications and self-service options to improve the experience for customers when they need our assistance. They are using data and analytics to drive better decisions around our assets, sourcing and inventory, resulting in better reliability for customers and they are capturing productivity improvements through system integration, automation and mobility tools that will significantly reduce day-to-day work we outsourced currently. This is important work and coupled with our investments in a more modern and sustainable grid, we expect it to completely transform our company inside and out. We are enabling this transformation in part through an innovation center and digital factory. These functions, which will be staffed by over 140 professionals, are focused on enhancing the use of technology across our company. Together with IT and cyber and physical security, they are now led by our new Chief Information Officer, Steve Fortune, who joined us this week. Steve was formerly Group CIO at BP, where he led a major digital transformation. We are fortunate to be able to bring him on board. We recognize this is a journey, and I am sure we will face challenges along the way, but I am confident in our team’s ability to execute and meet our commitments as they did through 2021. Now, let’s spend a few moments on recent developments. First, in November, we announced a $3.4 billion transformational equity financing with two premier global infrastructure funds, Blackstone Infrastructure Partners and Brookfield Super-Core Infrastructure Partners. Blackstone purchased $1 billion in FirstEnergy common stock at $39.08 per share in a transaction that closed in December. As part of that investment, Blackstone has appointed Sean Klimczak, to serve as a board observer and we expect to nominate a director candidate recommended by Blackstone in our 2022 Shareholder Meeting. Brookfield is purchasing a 19.9% stake in FET, which owns our ATSI, MAIT and TrAILCo transmission companies. With an investment of $2.4 billion, this transaction represents a historic valuation in our industry. We expect that transaction to close in the second quarter. These strategic financings address all our equity needs, will strengthen our financial position, and support the incremental investment opportunities in our plan, focused on sustainable investments that support the energy transition. We are pleased to be a partner with these experienced and capable infrastructure investors who fully support the execution and acceleration of our current business strategy and transformation. Notably, these transactions demonstrate confidence in our business plan, our talented team and our vision for long-term growth. They are also a key catalyst to executing our strategy for long-term 6% to 8% customer focused growth. Also in November, we were pleased to reach a unanimous settlement with a broad range of parties on multiple Ohio proceedings that were under consideration by the Public Utilities Commission. The $306 million settlement, which was approved by the PUCO in December, benefits our Ohio customers provides clarity around a wide range of topics and demonstrates our commitment to working openly and collaboratively with our stakeholders. We also continue to make substantial progress in resolving outstanding litigation in order to provide certainty to stakeholders and focus our attention on the future. We announced yesterday that in conjunction with the Special Litigation Committee of the Board of Directors, the company agreed to a settlement to resolve multiple shareholder derivative lawsuits in Ohio. Because the shareholder derivative suits brought on behalf of the company and for the company’s benefit, the settlement includes a payment to FirstEnergy of $180 million less plaintiff’s legal fees to be paid by insurance. The settlement also stipulates a series of corporate governance enhancements, which are outlined in the press release we issued yesterday and complement the substantial actions we have taken as a company to strengthen our governance and compliance program over the last 1.5 years. Upon court approval, this settlement fully resolves the derivative actions. The settlement contains provisions for enhanced oversight and disclosure of political activities, third-party audits and action plans and a review of the current executive team to be conducted by a special board committee and further alignment of financial incentives of senior executives with compliance measures. Additionally, 6 members of the Board who have served for a minimum of 5 years will not stand for reelection at the company’s 2022 Annual Shareholder Meeting. On behalf of the company, we thank these directors for their commitment and years of service to FirstEnergy. I will also note we have been evaluating various options to reduce the size of the Board, following the addition of 7 new directors in 2021, with an eighth from Blackstone to be appointed at this year’s annual meeting. The Board will continue to comprise an impressive mix of skills, focus areas and perspectives as it guides our company through the next phase of our growth. Turning to other regulatory matters, there has also been progress on the Ohio expanded DCR audit, the DMR audit and the corporate separation audit. The audit reports have been filed in all of these cases and will continue to work through the regulatory process on each. During our third quarter call in late October, we alluded to two forthcoming filings in West Virginia that support the transition to clean energy. In November, we filed with the West Virginia Public Service Commission, a plan to build 50 megawatts of utility scale solar generation in the state at a total cost of approximately $100 million. And in December, we filed a plan to comply with environmental rules and responsibly operate our two remaining fossil plants for the benefit of West Virginia customers beyond 2028. We intend to begin a broad stakeholder dialogue regarding our planned operational end dates of 2035 and 2040 for Fort Martin and Harrison respectively, which further supports our climate goals. We will also begin preparing for future rate case activity including base rate case filings in 2023 for Maryland, West Virginia and likely New Jersey. And in 2024 for Ohio as well as the Ohio Company’s filing to address the end of their current ESP, which expires in May of 2024. Also in 2022, we will continue our focus on ethics and compliance. These priorities include: Continuing to build a more centralized and robust compliance organization for updating and refining our processes, policies and controls; creating multiple channels for incident reporting; and developing thorough and objective processes to investigate and address incidence of misconduct; seeking continuous improvement by monitoring, benchmarking and obtaining an independent assessment of the program; and completing the training for all employees on our new code of conduct, and rolling out additional training on our speak-up culture and compliance. Finally, our ongoing commitment to creating a more diverse, equitable and inclusive work environment is an essential part of our overall cultural transformation taking place at our company. I am determined to build on our progress in this area. This is a time of historic change at FirstEnergy, change for the better. As we look to the future, I believe our company will emerge as a premier utility and a leader in our industry. And I believe we can deliver value to our investors that mirrors the value we provide to customers. In all my years at First Energy, I’ve never been more excited about what’s to come. Now I’ll turn the call over to Jon for a financial update.
Jon Taylor: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone. I’m also excited about our future and the significant progress we’ve made to place FirstEnergy in a solid financial position. As I discussed, we have a lot of moving parts this year as we absorb the Ohio settlement, certain accounting changes and begin to deploy the proceeds from the equity financings that we announced last year. As we integrate these elements into our financial plan, 2022 will be a baseline for strong long-term growth. As always, we provide materials on our website to supplement our discussion today. The fact book has been refreshed to include additional information about our company strategy and our financial plan through 2025. While we don’t plan to publish the fact book quarterly in 2022, we will expand the quarterly strategic and financial highlights deck to also include updates on our strategic priorities. Now let’s take a look at the financial results we reported yesterday. Since we have so much to cover, I’ll keep this part of our discussion a little shorter than normal. Yesterday, we announced 2021 fourth quarter GAAP earnings of $0.77 per share and operating earnings of $0.51 per share, which is at the midpoint of our guidance, despite incredibly mild fourth quarter weather. There were several special items for the quarter, including a $0.47 per share mark-to-market gain on our pension due mainly to a higher discount rate, as well as a $0.22 per share regulatory charge resulting from refunds to customers under our Ohio PUCO settlement and a recent order in Pennsylvania to refund additional tax benefits. In our distribution business, fourth quarter results increased as a result of new base rates in New Jersey and higher revenues from capital investment programs. Fourth quarter earnings also improved over last year from the absence of the charge we took in 2020 related to our strategic decision to forgo collection of loss distribution revenues in Ohio. Also impacting the quarter was lower customer demand and higher operating expenses associated with strategic investments made to enhance reliability for customers. For the quarter, total distribution deliveries increased about 1% on both an actual and weather-adjusted basis compared to the fourth quarter of 2020. Higher industrial and commercial usage was partially offset by a 2% reduction in the higher-margin residential customer class. Compared to pre-pandemic levels, weather-adjusted demand continues to be strong with our residential customers, reflecting a 4% increase for the year. And although industrial and commercial customer demand continues to be lower than we saw in 2019, we have seen incremental improvement each quarter of 2021. And our fourth quarter results reflect industrial and commercial demand down just under 2% and 3%, respectively, compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. In our regulated transmission business, earnings were consistent with our updated forecast, benefiting from higher rate base related to our Energizing the Future investment program, but this was more than offset primarily by higher net financing costs and other charges. And in our corporate segment, our results for the fourth quarter reflect lower operating expenses and higher discrete income tax benefits as compared to the fourth quarter of 2020. For the full year, we reported GAAP earnings of $2.35 a share and operating earnings of $2.60 a share, which is at the midpoint of the range we provided last fall, representing a 9% increase compared to 2020 operating earnings of $2.39 a share. Our strong financial performance also resulted in $2.8 billion in cash from operations last year, which was $200 million more than our original cash from operations guidance and above the midpoint of the revised guidance range we provided on our third quarter call in October, and also reflects over $300 million of nonrecurring cash payments such as the penalty under our deferred prosecution agreement. Last fall, we outlined our $17 billion sustainable investment plan through 2025, which includes our $3.3 billion investment plan this year, encompassing grid modernization resiliency, energy efficiency, enabling the energy transition and base reliability improvements. We expect these investments to not only drive our 68% growth rate but help us emerge as a leader in the energy transition. We also plan to make further improvements to our balance sheet this year. On January 20, we redeemed $850 million of holding company debt and plan to retire another $500 million in holdco debt expiring later this year. We have begun to recapitalize certain of our operating companies to fund their capital programs and improve their credit profiles. For instance, we recently issued redemption notices for $150 million and $25 million of operating company debt at CEI and Toledo Edison, respectively. We also plan to recapitalize certain other companies later this year to fund growth and enhanced credit metrics and capital structures as we plan to be much more active with rate proceedings in the future. For 2021, our CFO to adjusted debt, as defined by Moody’s, was 11.5%. This excludes the one-time non-recurring payments, I mentioned earlier and that’s our $1.5 billion cash position with debt. We are pleased with our progress and we remain well-positioned to achieve 13% CFO to debt by 2024. As we consider the full deployment of the proceeds from the equity transactions, we will remain flexible considering market conditions to optimize our balance sheet and to fund our capital programs, including further reducing balance sheet debt at our holding company, optimizing utility capital structures to fund capital programs or voluntary pension contributions. Our qualified pension status has improved to 83% funded given the current interest rate environment. As Steve discussed, FE Forward is transforming our organization and setting the stage for us to deliver a superior customer experience. In 2021, we achieved $300 million in total cash flow improvements from the program, compared to our original expectation of $240 million. This included $170 million in net CapEx efficiencies, along with $130 million in working capital improvements. As we look through 2025, we anticipate cash flow improvements to fund $1.6 billion in sustainable investments in our distribution business to support the energy transition while keeping customer rates affordable. Steve touched on several of our FE Forward focus areas, and I’d like to expand on one more. As we all know, unprecedented supply chain issues have impacted virtually all industries throughout the pandemic. We have successfully served our customers and continued our infrastructure investment programs despite these challenges. However, through FE Forward, we are investing in our supply chain function to drive more integrated and strategic sourcing, improved market intelligence, resulting in better pricing decisions and to optimize performance in terms and conditions with our suppliers. We have also integrated our warehouse and inventory management group into our procurement function to complement our demand management forecasting with long-term purchasing decisions. By leveraging technologies and investing in resources, we’re streamlining our processes, achieving cost savings and better cash flow and working to mitigate risk the entire industry is experiencing. While FE Forward is focused on transformation and innovation, we are seeing efficiencies in our operating and maintenance activities, which will provide for flexibility with our operating costs. In fact, from our 2022 base O&M of $1.4 billion, we anticipate that FE Forward will naturally reduce O&M levels at least 1% annually starting in 2023. This will afford added flexibility to be strategic with O&M as we were in 2021 and will also mitigate the impact on customer rates as we think about future rate cases. We recognize that we have a lot of moving parts this year. However, by applying the same focus that has changed our company for the better over the past 12 months, I’m confident we will continue to implement the plans we’ve outlined and further transform our company into an industry leader. At the same time, we will deliver on our financial commitments, including achieving our 2022 operating earnings guidance of $2.30 to $2.50 a share, with growth of 6% to 8% thereafter, delivering on our 2022 cash from operations target of $2.6 billion to $3 billion, and growing operating cash flow consistent with earnings over the planning period. Executing our $17 billion investment plan, which includes $3.3 billion of investments in 2022, maintaining our anticipated annual dividend rate of $1.56 a share this year with the objective to grow the dividend within our payout ratio as earnings increase consistent with our plan, successfully closing on the FET minority interest sale, and finally, making progress toward improving our balance sheet and strengthening the credit profile of FirstEnergy, as we work to reach 13% FFO to debt by 2024, with mid-teens thereafter. Before we open the line for questions, I want to thank you for your time and your interest in the company. We are proud to be building a long-term, sustainable company and culture centered on our core values and the vision Steve shared with you today. I would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides: Hi guys. Thank you for taking my question. Just curious, how do you think about bracketing the potential for O&M cost cuts? Meaning is the 1% a year kind of a guideline level, or do you think you can actually achieve more than that? And can you give a little more detail on where in the business you think it is that you are going to get those cost cuts? Is it supply chain, or is it across a lot of different functions?
Jon Taylor: Yes, Michael, this is Jon. Thanks for the question. So, if you think about where we are for 2022 with $1.4 billion of operating costs, about 60% of that is labor. The other 40% is materials and contractors that we have on the property to supplement our labor force field work. And so as we think about O&M reductions through the FE Forward program and productivity improvements, that’s going to optimize, obviously, how we backfill attrition. But more importantly, it’s going to eliminate external contract needs. And we anticipate improved productivity through all the different initiatives that we are working through somewhere in the 20% to 25% range in field operations. Another example that we are working through is around our asset repair, replace decision and using better data and analytics to drive better decisions. And we are piloting a few programs now. We have done some benchmarking, and we think we can get 30% more efficient in those types of programs in terms of how we deploy resources. And then finally, we are modernizing our customer group, making it more automated, making it more user-friendly with customer self-service options and the like, which will significantly reduce the number of manual transactions that our call centers take today by up to 40%. So, it’s improved productivity, it’s mostly around driving contractors off the property, but also it will help us maintain staffing levels with our attrition.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Hey Jon, one other follow-up. Just curious, I noticed in the slide deck, you are talking about kind of a wave of rate cases next year. Any potential change in kind of the structural regulation you are expecting, meaning any efforts to get things like more trackers or forward-looking rate making in places like West Virginia?
Jon Taylor: I think it’s just going to be a traditional base rate case. We have the veg management program in West Virginia. New Jersey is an area that I think we need to address the level of deferred storm costs that we have on the balance sheet. Today, we have over $300 million of storm costs that we need to collect. So, there will be something that we need to address there through some type of mechanism. But I think for the most part, these are going to be traditional base rate cases. And we will try to continue with the riders that we have in place in each of those jurisdictions.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Jon. Much appreciate the guides.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
David Arcaro: Hi. Thanks so much for taking my question. I was wondering if you could maybe touch on right now kind of how you are prioritizing use of capital that you generate, the $5.5 billion that the plant generates over the next 5 years priorities for deploying that capital and when you might kind of stage and make those decisions?
Jon Taylor: Sorry, can you repeat your question? I wasn’t sure I totally understood that.
David Arcaro: Sure. So, over the course of the plan, there is about $5.5 billion of cash that you are generating. And you have mentioned dividend growth, minority interest distributions. Just wondering if there are kind of priorities for how you plan to allocate that capital and make strategic decisions around it?
Jon Taylor: Yes. No, I understand now. Yes. So, if you look at our – just our high-level financing plan, if you do the capital program with our cash from operations and our planned financings, there is going to be a pool of cash left over of $5.5 billion. About – there is going to be a portion of that will obviously fund dividends and dividend growth as we look to the future. But there will be a portion of that is available to us, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, that we will remain flexible on either to find additional CapEx, de-lever the balance sheet or make pension contributions.
David Arcaro: Got it. That’s helpful. I am just curious on timing of how that might play out over the next several years when you might be kind of able to take some of those initiatives?
Jon Taylor: Yes. So, my sense is we are going to try to close on the FET transaction sometime in the second quarter, will obviously take some time to assess market conditions and probably make some decisions on that back half of this year.
David Arcaro: Got it. Thanks. And maybe separately, just in West Virginia with the dialogue that’s going to be undertaken around the coal plants. Wondering if you could give any expectations on how you think that could play out if there is appetite to pull forward closures of Fort Martin or Harrison?
Steve Strah: David, this is Steve. I think right now, it’s too early on to really give you a good sense of that. We did do the ELG filing, which I think was an important step relative to just living up to our environmental responsibilities to continue to run those plants responsibly, as I have said in my prepared remarks. As for the ongoing dialogue that we are going to promote for the energy transition in West Virginia, we are really just going to take that one step at a time. And we are going to follow our approach in all matters here, and that’s to be open and constructive, listen to various concerns along the way. I think concerns will lead to opportunities that we could define that we will be thoughtful of and really just take one step at a time.
David Arcaro: Understood. Thanks so much for the color.
Steve Strah: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So, just a couple of things. So, we are still waiting for an SEC settlement. I think we are all surprised that you guys are getting money from the last settlement. So, is there a way for you to communicate if net of that cash coming in, there is – you would still expect to have some meaningful cash outflow related to the SEC settlement?
Steve Strah: Angie, thanks for your question. Our work with the SEC is continuing in terms of, once again, being open and collaborative with them. And I want to respect that process and really not get ahead of it at all. With regard to the very nature of a derivative suit, there was a cash payout from the insurance companies that amounted to the $180 million unless court approved plaintiff fees that will be cash returned to the corporation. We have several other items that are in litigation beyond the SEC work. And we are going to once again tackle those one at a time and just take it on a step-by-step basis.
Angie Storozynski: Understood. And then secondly, can you comment on Icahn’s involvement with the Board now that it feels like the strategic transformation of the company is almost done?
Steve Strah: Well, I think their involvement with our Board remains unchanged. They have continued to be very constructive, very productive members of our Board, and I don’t see any change in that, Angie, right now. And we have found them to be great colleagues of ours as we have moved ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. That’s all I have. Thank you.
Steve Strah: Thanks Angie.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning. It’s actually Ryan on for Jeremy. Just wanted to ask one on the FERC audit that came out last week and you guys are kind of very clear on the different management changes that are going to being contemplated next year. But just wondering, is there anything in there that we would kind of be thinking about that would kind of impact go-forward earnings thinking about kind of the calculations or the capitalizations, any impacts from that?
Steve Strah: Well, Ryan, let me just provide a couple of comments here, and then I will flip it over to Jon. As you recall, in 2019, FERC initiated a routine audit of accounting and reporting under FERC regulations. Due to the events in 2020, we saw that staff extended the audit. I think importantly, there is nothing that was newly identified that the company wasn’t already aware of within the audit itself. And we did that through our own very thorough review of all the matters contained therein. Also, the audit didn’t identify any additional lobbying related to expenses for those that had a question around that. As for the details of the key findings, I think I will pass that over to Jon Taylor, and he can elaborate.
Jon Taylor: Yes, Ryan, there is really just two major findings that really impact our financial plan that we have already really incorporated into the business plan going forward. One was the capitalization of corporate support, and so we have factored that into our plan. We still got to get to a time study that’s in process right now, but we have included an estimate of what we think will be the outcome associated with it, and then the capitalization of veg management. That also has been incorporated into our business plan. So, those are the two primary findings from a financial perspective. An you can see that we provided pro forma return on equities for each of our jurisdictions, which have been significantly lower from where they were on an actual basis in 2021. So, I kind of view this as a temporary issue in terms of being able to recover those costs in the future in rate cases that will be filed soon.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. That makes sense. I appreciate all the color there. And then just maybe one on the settlement that was kind of announced last night, and I know I appreciate you on trying to get ahead anything. But just thinking through how we should be thinking about this kind of from a process standpoint and just when we might kind of get kind of incremental updates or announcements on all these different items, the moving pieces that are kind of involved in that settlement?
Steve Strah: Well, Ryan, the way I look at the settlement, it’s one more additional step for our company to put our legacy issues behind us. And by each action we take in this regard, we continue to rebuild the trust and be able to really focus our entire company on what is a very bright future with an excellent business strategy and supporting business plan. So, I don’t have details beyond what’s contained within the term sheet that’s been made public. But as events warrant and significant issues are brought forward and moved, we will certainly keep the investment community up to speed on that.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. Thank you for taking my questions.
Steve Strah: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I will turn the floor back to Mr. Strah for any final comments.
Steve Strah: Well, thank you. I wanted to thank you for your ongoing interest in FirstEnergy, and thank you very much for joining us today. And please, above all else, please stay healthy and stay safe. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you. Ms. Prezelj, you may begin.
Irene Prezelj: Good morning, and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Today, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other matters. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by these statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the Earnings Information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures, the presentation that supports today's discussion and other detailed information about the quarter can be found in the strategic and financial highlights document on the Investors section of our website. We'll begin today's call with presentations from Steve Strah, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jon Taylor, our Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Strategy. Several other executives will be available for the Q&A session. Now I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Steven Strah: Thank you, Irene. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. We had another strong quarter, and I'm excited to talk to you about our progress on many different fronts. Yesterday, we reported third quarter 2021 GAAP earnings of $0.85 per share. Our operating earnings were $0.82 per share, which is above the top end of our guidance range. Our customer-focused strategies, positive mix of weather-adjusted load, great operational performance and financial discipline continue to drive solid results. Furthermore, I'm proud of our progress to resolve important legacy issues and strengthen all aspects of our company. In Ohio, we continue to take a collaborative approach, and we're engaged in settlement discussions with a broad range of parties to resolve several of our pending cases before the PUCO. Our meetings continue to be productive, and we're making good progress. We are also making progress on the Ohio corporate separation, DMR and DCR audits. The corporate separation audit report was filed on September 13 and showed no findings of major noncompliance. The expanded DCR audit report is due by November 19. And we continue to work through the DMR audit, which is now due on December 16. Since our last earnings call, we've taken additional steps to strengthen our compliance program and instill a culture focused on ethics, integrity and accountability across our organization. These include: a new Compliance & Ethics Program Charter and policies in multiple areas; instructor-led business Code of Conduct awareness training for senior leadership and individuals with significant roles in our control environment; training on the concepts of our new internal Code of Conduct for everyone in leadership, with training for all employees planned in the first quarter of 2022; and publishing our new corporate engagement report. Additionally, we have started to develop a new integrated risk management platform to enhance our ethics and compliance, audit and risk functions. The new tool will help us streamline case management of ethics and compliance concerns, manage the life cycle of corporate policies, assess and respond to risks, and report on our compliance with internal controls and regulatory requirements across the organization. As we've discussed, over the last 12 months, our Board and management team acted quickly and decisively, adding additional independent board members, making changes in our management structure, establishing effective controls, reinforcing our culture change and building a best-in-class ethics and compliance program. Our relentless focus in these areas resulted in remediation of the material weakness in internal controls associated with our tone at the top.  While this is an important step, we continue driving these cultural changes and keeping compliance and integrity at the center of everything we do. We are working every day to continue rebuilding stakeholder trust and confidence in FirstEnergy and to ensure that our employees can be proud of our company and our mission. Yesterday, we announced another key hire to enhance our leadership team. Camilo Serna will join FirstEnergy on November 8 as our new Vice President of Rates and Regulatory Affairs. Camilo brings a great depth of experience, developing and implementing state and federal regulatory strategies. His experience will be invaluable as we build a smarter electric grid and support the transition to a cleaner energy future. We continue taking steps to achieve these goals. For example, last month, JCP&L submitted a proposal to PJM and the New Jersey BPU for transmission investments that would connect clean energy generated from the state's offshore wind farms to the power grid, while minimizing the impact on the environment and communities. We expect a decision on this proposal, which supports the clean energy investments driven by the New Jersey Energy Master Plan in the second half of 2022. In West Virginia, we recognize our responsibility to operate our 2 regulated fossil plants for the benefit of our customers in the state. Later this year, we intend to file an effluent limitation guideline, or ELG plan, that calls for additional capital expenditures at the 2 plants to comply with environmental rules and to ensure that they can continue to operate beyond 2028. At the same time, we intend to begin discussing with stakeholders our plans for a timely clean energy transition. As a part of that transition, later this year, we plan to file with the West Virginia Public Service Commission for 50 megawatts of utility scale solar generation. Our wind connection and solar proposals support core components of our climate strategy, building a more climate-resilient energy system that meets our customers' changing needs, enables the transition to a carbon-neutral economy and powers a sustainable and prosperous future for our stakeholders. In the other recent regulatory activity, this month, our ATSI transmission subsidiary reached a settlement with parties to a FERC proceeding that will address legacy issues associated with ATSI's move from MISO to PJM in 2011 and provide for partial recovery of the MISO transmission project costs that will be allocated to ATSI in the future. It's an exciting time for our company. We have a robust long-term pipeline to modernize our transmission network, and we plan to continue embracing renewables. In our distribution business, we're incorporating emerging smart technologies and building a technologically advanced distribution platform. And our industry will play a key role in the infrastructure build-out for electric vehicles, battery storage and other technologies. We're pleased with our strong performance through the first 9 months of 2021. As we close out the year, we are raising and narrowing our operating earnings guidance from $2.40 to $2.60 per share to $2.55 to $2.65 per share. The midpoint of this range represents a 9% increase over 2020 operating earnings results. Finally, I can't pass the call over to Jon without acknowledging that it's been one year since I stepped into my leadership role under very sobering circumstances. It's been a challenging year on many fronts. And I want to publicly thank our employees for their hard work and unwavering dedication to our customers. I continue to be impressed by the grit and the resilience of the entire team. Together, we are building positive, sustainable momentum, and creating a new FirstEnergy that is a forward thinking and industry-leading company. Thank you for your attention this morning. Now Jon will provide a review of third quarter results and a financial update.
Jon Taylor: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we announced GAAP earnings of $0.85 per share for the third quarter of 2021 and operating earnings of $0.82 per share. As Steve mentioned, this exceeded the top end of our guidance range. In our distribution business, results for the third quarter of 2021 as compared to last year reflect the absence of Ohio decoupling and lost distribution revenue, which totaled $0.04 per share as well as lower weather-related usage. These were partially offset by higher revenues from our capital investment programs, new rates from our JCP&L distribution base rate case and lower operating expenses. Consistent with the trends we've discussed over the last few quarters, total distribution deliveries increased on both an actual and weather-adjusted basis compared to the third quarter of 2020. While weather was hotter than normal in our region this summer, it was cooler in the third quarter of 2020. Weather-adjusted residential sales for the third quarter of 2021 were essentially flat compared to the third quarter of 2020 as many of our customers continue to work from home. Comparing our results to the pre-pandemic levels in the third quarter of 2019, weather-adjusted residential usage was nearly 6% higher this quarter. While the commercial and industrial classes have not yet recovered to levels we saw before the pandemic, they are starting to trend in the right direction. Weather-adjusted commercial deliveries increased 3% while industrial load was up nearly 4% compared to the third quarter of 2020. Industrial load increased in most of the sectors in our service territory this quarter, led by steel, chemical and fabricated metal. In our regulated transmission business, we continue to see benefits from higher transmission investments at our MAIT and ATSI subsidiaries as part of our Energizing the Future program. However, this was offset by higher interest from the debt issuance at FET earlier this year and a prior year formula rate true-up. And in the Corporate segment, results reflect lower O&M and benefit expenses. For the first 9 months of 2021, operating earnings were $2.10 per share compared to $2.07 per share in the first 9 months of 2020. The increase was driven by our ongoing investments in our distribution and transmission systems, higher weather-related usage and lower expenses. These items more than offset the $0.17 of decoupling and lost distribution revenues recognized in the first 9 months of 2020. Our strong results and financial discipline have resulted in year-to-date adjusted cash from operations of $2.4 billion, which represents an increase of $600 million versus last year. While we expect a few offsets in the fourth quarter, we now expect cash from operations of approximately $2.8 billion for the year, which includes approximately $300 million of investigation and other related costs, the largest of which is associated with the $230 million EPA settlement. Earlier this month, we successfully restructured our revolving credit facilities from a 2-facility model to 6, fulfilling our commitment to complete this action before the end of the year. The 2021 credit facilities provide for aggregate commitments of $4.5 billion and are available until October of 2026, with 2 separate 1-year extensions. The credit facilities and their sublimits are detailed in the strategic and financial highlights. We are also pleased that following the restructuring of these facilities, S&P issued a one notch upgrade to the 10 distribution companies and the 3 transmission companies. While we're glad to return to investment-grade ratings for these companies with all 3 rating agencies, we remain committed to improving our balance sheet and the overall credit profile at the parent company. We previously communicated that we were targeting FFO to debt in the 12% to 13% range. We're raising that target to be solidly at 13%, which will provide ample cushion to the new Moody's threshold of 12%. And we expect to set the company on a firm glide path to mid-teens. On a number of recent calls, we've communicated that we're contemplating a minority asset sale as we consider alternatives to raise equity capital. Currently, we are engaged in a process to sell a minority interest in our transmission holding company, FirstEnergy Transmission, which owns ATSI, MAIT and TrAILCo. The interest is very strong and preliminary indications are very supportive of our financial plan and targets. But given where we are in the process, we can't comment any further on the details. We continue to evaluate all options to raise equity capital in an efficient manner to support our longer-term outlook, which includes traditional rate base growth and formula rate investments, planned rate case activity, and incremental and strategic CapEx that supports the transition to a cleaner electric grid. We are optimistic that we'll be in a position to share our overall financing plan and our longer-term outlook within the next couple of weeks. In fact, you may have noticed that we've expanded the information in the appendix of our strategic and financial highlights document. Given the current status of the proposed asset sale, we recognize that the fact book will be more relevant once we can include the outcome from that transaction. During the fourth quarter, we expect to provide you with 2022 guidance and a detailed capital plan, along with the runway of our FFO-to-debt target, longer-term capital forecasts, and targeted rate base and earnings growth rates. As always, thank you for your time and your interest in FirstEnergy. I'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: I just wanted to talk about kind of current results and operations here. How should we be thinking about some of these items that have come in ahead of plan this year that helped you raise the guidance? And should we think about these items as sustainable into the future? Or just trying to get a sense for how much might have been weather or other impacts.
Steven Strah: I think that's a very good question. And as all of the U.S. and worldwide, we're still adjusting to the impacts of the pandemic. And with regard to that, the impact on our business plan, we see residential loads not only increased over the year, but we see that as an ongoing trend as we get back to whatever will be called the new normal in the U.S. So based on the impact of residential load on our earnings, we see that as promising as we kind of work through the process of getting back to normal. Our commercial and industrial loads, they're basically demand-based. And we see commercial and industrial coming back to normal slowly. But right now, we're trying to figure out whether or not they'll get to pre-pandemic levels. So that's kind of the ongoing assumptions that we're working on. And at the end, we're just going to have to see how we end up getting through the Delta variant, the pandemic and getting everybody back to work over time.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. And then maybe diving into Ohio a little bit more here. Just wondering if you could give any more color on the Ohio settlement discussions. How are they looking at this stage? And I guess what kind of plays into your confidence in being able to provide kind of a long-term update in the near future here?
Steven Strah: Well, thanks for that question, too. In terms of Ohio, we're very encouraged by the progress that we've made thus far. It's been a productive, constructive and collaborative approach. And that's the tone that myself and the management team wanted to set as we get about the prospects for a settlement. And we feel as though those prospects are very good right now. I want to ensure that we keep the integrity of the process together so I don't want to get too far ahead in terms of commenting on it. But we're achieving a new and different tone, which I think is resonating. And our goal is to continue to remove, where we can, investor uncertainty in Ohio and derisk some of those concerns in a way. The ongoing effort by our management team is to continue to promote stability and predictability, and that's going to start in Ohio for us. So we're going to keep working on it. We'll keep you updated in terms of our progress. And once again, I'm encouraged.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: Yes. I guess on the same topic of the last question. I just wanted to clarify that you're not going to give the '22 and long-term guidance until the Ohio kind of that rate process is -- settlement talk process is resolved?
Jon Taylor: Yes, Steve. This is Jon. That's our preference, obviously. We want to try to get clarity around where we're going to be with Ohio. So we -- like Steve said, we're working as hard as we can to get to a resolution on this issue. As we talked about, the collaborative nature of the meetings and the discussions has been very productive, but we're not there yet.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then on the issue of it, it sounds like we'll get something relatively soon on the asset sale you identified. You did mention that you continue to look for kind of all efficient ways to raise equity capital. Is there other asset sales or equity or other things that you're also considering? Or is it still -- is it mainly really focused on this asset sale process?
Jon Taylor: So Steve, I would tell you that the process for FET is going very well. We're very happy with what we're seeing. The interest is very strong. The preliminary indications on valuations are very supportive of our financial goals. And it's better than the messaging than we've talked about before. But we're not done, and we have some work to do on that process. I just think, for us, it's important that we continue to think through how to best position the company going forward and ensure we have financial flexibility to support incremental and strategic CapEx, such as formula rate CapEx. So we continue to think through different alternatives to accomplish this. And my sense is we'll be in a position sometime in the next few weeks to give you an update on that.
Steven Fleishman: That sounds great. And that's great on FET. Just one other question on the new balance sheet metric targets, the 13% FFO to debt. Is there a rough sense of how long it would take to kind of get to that level?
Jon Taylor: So I think we need to work through Ohio and where we're going to be there. But my sense is we could be there by the end of '23, maybe first part of '24. But I think we need to get through a few things, and then we'll be able to provide you a better outlook on timing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Well done on the updates. Do you expect that the minority sale of FET will satisfy all of the equity needs from '22 through, say, '25? And just to clarify from earlier, are the indicative valuations still comparable to the PE multiples that you previously discussed on prior earnings calls?
Jon Taylor: Yes. To answer that question, comparable and better. So that should hopefully give you a sense of what we're looking at. But we're still in the middle of the process, so there's still a lot of work to do there. And as I just told Steve, I think everything is on the table in terms of the go-forward plan. And so we continue to think through how to best position the company going forward. And like I said, I think we'll be able to communicate our plan in the next few weeks.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes. No. I hear you. And again, kind of riffing off the last set of questions too here. If I can, with respect to the long-term guidance, is your objective to set an EPS CAGR with '22 as a base year? I would presume, yes, but I just want to clarify that. And critically, prior to the Ohio DPA, you previously characterized your EPS growth outlook as generally consistent with the industry average. Is that still a fair aspiration, both as a base year and the prospective target thereafter?
Jon Taylor: Yes. So I think we'll be in a position to give you targeted rate base and earnings growth rates. We'll give you '22 guidance. We'll give you '22 cash flow, '22 capital and then high-level capital plan for our planning horizon. So I think we'll be able to give you that kind of look in the next few weeks. And the answer to your second question is yes. I mean if you just look at our earnings year-over-year this year, it's at 9%. Recall we even backed down on some capital this year. So my sense is we'll have normal utility growth.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. That's great. And then just to clarify, sorry, just a finer point here. In Ohio, are some of the audit proceedings gating items, if you will, for a settlement? I mean you pointed to this mid-December data point on the auto report, for instance.
Steven Strah: Yes. I would say, Julien, I would think of our settlement discussions that we're having right now separate from the 4 audits that are ongoing. And if you'll recall, and I mentioned it in my prepared remarks, the corporate separation, the rider DMR, we look at political and charitable spending and rider DCR, each one of those audits are on their own way right now. We're working very hard and have been very open, very responsive to the work that's going on there. When you start to look at the settlement issue, that's more along the lines of the quadrennial review that we talked about in our prepared remarks and other items. So we're kind of working all the proceedings together. And once again, we're being as open and transparent as we can as we kind of walk that path with our regulators and other interested parties in Ohio.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Steve, I just want to -- just on Ohio. I know you obviously had some comments about removing concerns and thinking about predictability. I understand, obviously, you guys are in discussions, and it's sensitive, right? But curious if any of the discussions also entail maybe how to think about the construct on a more prospective basis, like maybe different rate mechanisms, PBRs, how to think about a future GRC or not.
Steven Strah: I think that's a very good question. I think we have started this entire process. And our approach as a company is really starting with a listening tour, if you will. So we're listening. And we're not missing anything that we're getting in terms of our feedback from our past endeavors. And we're trying to apply some lessons into the future. So to the extent Ohio or other jurisdictions, regulators or other interested parties have new and different ways to look at the future, we are certainly open to that. So I think we've explored that entire territory presently in Ohio, and we're going to remain open to that. And I don't want to kind of open the door too far to what we're attempting to do in Columbus right now. But once again, I'm encouraged that all the parties are meeting around the common table for the common good. And for us, that's keeping the customer at the center of that equation. And we've been encouraged by that. So once again, it's around openness and just being able to think differently than what we have had in the past.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Terrific. And then just -- it sounds like your balance sheet and metrics are improving a lot. So other than the sort of the TransCo stake sale, how do you strategically think about the assets that you may be able to further optimize versus what's absolutely core? This is obviously especially in light of a recent peer announcing the deal to sell a utility in a relatively heavy coal burning state. I guess, Jon, do you see some incremental value to further simplify sell coal and redeploying to renewables, especially as those decarbonization plans come to fruition in several states, right, which may have their own kind of financing?
Steven Strah: Yes. Well, Shar, I'll take the first cut at that. And if you don't mind, I'll turn it over to Jon. But at the end, when we look at our current opportunity, we've got all the pieces in front of us and we're evaluating all of our options. In terms of our prepared remarks and what Jon has shared, we feel as though we have the right strategic options in front of us right now. And we are not taking anything unnecessarily off the table. But at the end, we think we're in a very good place where we can propel this company forward and do that without sacrificing what I believe is a very strong footprint, a very strong business plan and a very strong strategy as being a pure-play T&D kind of regulated environment. And we feel very good about that presently in terms of what we've expressed publicly. And we're just going to continue to work our plan right now. Jon, I don't know if you have anything to add there.
Jon Taylor: Yes. Shar, I would just say, as we thought about all of our different assets before we started the process with FET, we thought about, one, making sure that we could raise equity in an efficient manner for our shareholders. I think FET is going to definitely check that box. But just as important is a business that we could attract sophisticated high-quality investors where we can align on governance and business strategy type of issues. And I think from where we are today, FET meets all those criteria for us. It's going to be a very efficient capital raise. It will be accretive to earnings. The investors that are in the mix are top-notch quality firms. And they're very supportive of the business plan and very supportive of future transmission opportunities.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski with Seaport.
Agnie Storozynski: Just one follow-up on the transmission business. So one, the earnings power of this business this year is a bit lower than we expected. And I hear the explanation behind some true-up, but -- cost true-up. But if you could just give me a bit more sense into that earnings range, the updated earnings range. Also, given that you're selling a stake in that business, what happens -- is there any condition assigned to that sale in case there is a reduction in the allowed ROE for these assets in light of the RTO adder likely going away?
Jon Taylor: Yes. So Angie, I'll try to take both of those. So just in the transmission business, year-over-year, our investment program has added about $0.05 in earnings through September. Now that was offset with some additional interest expense from our revolver borrowings earlier this year as well as the long-term debt issuance at FET back in, I think, the March time frame. And then we had those, what I'll call, $0.02 of formula rate true-ups, where really -- those are accounting true-ups of a prior year forward-looking rate. We typically use projected rate base, and we true that up to actuals in the following year. And a lot of that is associated with deferred taxes and the like. So those are your primary drivers. We continue to be very optimistic about our Energizing the Future program. And it provides a lot of opportunity for us to grow this company in the future. With respect to your second question, I think that's too early to tell and some details that we probably don't want to get into at this point in time. But once we have clarity in all of that, we'll obviously provide that to you.
Steven Strah: Yes. I think, Jon, that's right on target. I would just add that it's more than that for us as a company in terms of an investment opportunity. It's around the value the customer sees. And we've been able to demonstrate as we invest in transmission that reliability has continued to improve, and that's very important for us as it is obviously for our customers. So we try to keep that firmly in play in terms of the equation.
Agnie Storozynski: Okay. Just one follow-up. So you -- I mean, we -- I think we all had expected an announcement on the asset sales pretty much right now. So is there -- are you waiting to see how big a stake of FET you need to sell based on the future distribution earnings power in Ohio?
Jon Taylor: No. No, Angie. I mean, we're just working the process. I mean, we launched the process earlier this year, and it just takes some time. We're not going to make a decision on something that significant just to communicate it on an earnings call. We want to make sure that we do it right and that we have the right structure in place, and we're just following our process.
Agnie Storozynski: Okay. And just one last one. So I appreciate the disclosures on the -- or somewhat disclosures on the earnings growth. Can you comment about your ability to grow the dividend given this 13% FFO-to-debt target?
Steven Strah: Yes. Well, Angie, we certainly understand the importance of the dividend, its placement within our business plan. And we know how important it really is. Currently, our approach remains unchanged. Our payout range is 55% to 65%. If you were to take a gauge of it right now, we have a potential to be within that 60% range with a 4% yield. And obviously, I don't want to get ahead of our Board of Directors. Our Board reviews this on a routine basis. And I would just say, Jon has done a very good job of talking about some of the key pieces that are in front of us right now. The clarity in Ohio that we're seeking, and that I'm confident we'll get to here, along with the potential for a minority stake sale in transmission. And it's our ongoing quest to get to that investment-grade level that we're working towards. And once again and just to reiterate, we are working towards a 13% FFO-to-debt ratio to put balance sheet concerns beyond us. So we've got some wood to chop, so to speak, and we're working our process right now. And a dividend discussion is obviously ongoing with our Board as we move ahead.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Jon, I hate to go back to the 2022 guidance and forward-looking projections. Can you just clarify how many years' worth of CapEx guidance are you going to give us?
Jon Taylor: Yes. I think we'll probably give you a 3- to 4-year look on CapEx. So '22 to '25, something like that is probably what we're thinking.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. Great. And then just in terms of your equity needs, you previously talked about $600 million a year. Is that a good sort of cadence as we sort of think about your financing needs through 2025?
Jon Taylor: Well, so I think we've talked about looking at alternatives in lieu of those equity issuances. And so that's why we've been looking at the minority interest sale at FET and considering other alternatives. So I think we'll be able to give you the longer-term look once we get some clarity on a few things. But I think what we're considering now is in lieu of those issuances in '22 and '23.
Durgesh Chopra: Right. Sure, sure. I'm just trying to see -- okay, so I guess another way to ask this question is, I'm trying to see how much -- what's the dollar amount of the proceeds from the sale that you reached? So I was just trying to see what are the needs in the base plan. And I was trying to sort of peg it to $600 million a year. That's sort of where I was going with this.
Jon Taylor: Yes. So I don't know if I can give you all those details right now. I think we need to probably wait until we get some clarity in Ohio. And obviously, we want to be able to articulate to our investors our plan to get to 13%. We also want to think through, ensuring that we have financial flexibility for additional CapEx, specifically formula rate CapEx. So as we think about our overall plan, we'll put all of that into the mix and provide you a longer-term outlook, including our financing plan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Congrats on a good 9 months. I actually have a couple little unrelated to each other. First of all, New Jersey. Your data shows you're under-earning in New Jersey by a couple of hundred basis points. Can you talk with us about your efforts to improve that, to get back closer to authorized? That's question A. Question B, more longer term. When you think about capital spend opportunities, call it, next 2 to 4 years or so, somewhere in there, where do you think the greatest opportunity to deploy more capital is outside of the offshore winds related transmission across the system? Like what type of projects? What type of opportunities?
Steven Strah: Yes. Michael, this is Steve. I'll take the second half of that question. And look, I believe that we're in a great spot as a company to not only continue our plan in terms of fortifying the transmission and distribution business that we have before us with very good classic investments, I would call it, to improve customer reliability, while maintaining very affordable rates is kind of number one. So I see that moving ahead. Beyond the offshore wind, I believe, as we seek and end up receiving greater clarity on the clean energy transition that the U.S. is going to continue to move ahead on, I think that's going to provide us great opportunities both in the T&D environment to continue to invest and embrace renewables. And we're certainly very excited about that opportunity. Beyond that, it's also taking emerging technologies that are coming towards us that are much more affordable for customers, such as smart meter and other items, in which we're going to prepare a T&D platform for renewables over time. And I think those opportunities not only exist on the transmission system, but they exist in each one of our jurisdictions. So I think it's very -- we've talked about this before. It's very important that we keep the customer in the center of that equation in which we can enrich the value we're providing them, but we keep affordability in mind. So we can get into more details over time about individual initiatives that we could pursue. But once again, I think we have a very great in that realm. Relative to JCP&L, I think I'll turn that portion of the question over to Jon.
Jon Taylor: Yes, Michael. So we started the year, if you recall, at probably around a 6.5% return on equity in New Jersey for 2020. We implemented the base distribution case 1/1 of this year. And so we've gone from 6.5% to 8.2% in terms of the ROE. And my sense is that will continue to increase as we roll on the full 12 months of the base distribution case. I think you'll always be a little bit below your allowed return on equity there just because of regulatory lag, but we should be closer to that in the fourth quarter.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then one follow-up. Can you remind me, in Pennsylvania, are you currently benefiting from the DISC? And are there any issues with the kind of getting DISC-related revenue increases, small though they'd be, in the near term?
Jon Taylor: Yes. DISC revenue is turned on, with the exception of Penn Power, and we're working through a little bit of an issue there with some cost recovery. But for the other 3 companies, the DISC revenue is turned on.
Michael Lapides: You're getting annual rate increases tied to the DISC even though they're not really big numbers?
Jon Taylor: Correct, correct.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank.
Andrew Weisel: I have two questions. I have two questions about the transmission CapEx. First one is, I know you trimmed it earlier this year in April. And at the time, you referenced some uncertainty about the DOJ investigation as well as the balance sheet constraints. Do you see opportunity to reverse those cuts? Or should we think of those as more permanent? And then the second question is, if you do move forward with the sale of minority interest in the business, would that impact the CapEx plans longer term? Or do you think that's unrelated to the ownership?
Steven Strah: Yes, Andrew, I'll give you my cut at that. And the way I like to think about that is, look, our company has faced significant uncertainty in the last 18-month period. And we've done what is prudent in terms of just ensuring that we can maintain financial flexibility in the present tense and then increase it in the future tense, if you will. And I think we've done a very good job of managing that. I believe our transmission investment opportunities, while we curtailed them slightly this year, I think you'll see us continue to ramp that up incrementally just to make sure also that we stay within our sweet spot within that. In other words, we don't want to go too far in terms of burdening customers in terms of cost. But once again, we are seeing continued reliability improvement. So I think that's really important for us. When you factor in the potential for a minority stake sale within the transmission business, I think that's only going to, if executed, fortify our company moving ahead, strengthen our business platform, strengthen our balance sheet. And I think that will provide a greater opportunity to invest into the future. And once again, I think all of these pieces, while we can't be more definitive today, I think they're starting to align nicely. Not only the minority stake consideration working towards some type of settlement in Ohio that once again will help our business and relieve some level of uncertainty out in the market, I think all of these pieces are starting to work forward very nicely. Our main concern is we continue to do that is -- just to make sure that we keep our company between the guardrail, so to speak. We have to continue to execute. We've got to continue to keep our employees and the public safe, be concerned with our reliability, ensure that financially that we're performing not only for shareholders, but all stakeholders. And we feel very good about where we're at right now, even though, as I said earlier, we have work to do.
Operator: At this time, we have reached the end of the question-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Strah for closing comments.
Steven Strah: Great. Well, thank you very much, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. I'm very proud about the progress that we've made to transform not only our business, but our culture as a company. And that will remain front and center for me as CEO. We're continuing to achieve our financial, customer service and ESG goals. We have more work to do. But I am very confident that we're going to continue to deliver long-term value for our shareholders, employees, our customers and our communities that we serve. So we look forward to talking to many of you at EEI. And I just wish all of you and your families continued safety and great health as we continue to work through this pandemic. So with that, all the best, and thank you once again for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a great day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It’s now my pleasure to introduce your host, Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you, Ms. Prezelj. Please begin.
Irene Prezelj: Thank you, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Today, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings performance, strategies, prospects and other matters. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by these statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the earnings information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. The presentation that supports todays discussion and other detailed information about the quarter can be found in the strategic and financial highlights document on the Investors section of our website. Participants in today’s call include our President and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Strah; Vice Chairperson and Executive Director, John Somerhalder and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jon Taylor. We also have several other executives available to join us for the Q&A session. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Strah: Thank you, Irene, and good morning, everyone. Yesterday afternoon, we reported second quarter 2021 GAAP earnings of $0.11 per share, which includes the impact of the deferred prosecution agreement that I’ll discuss in a moment. Operating earnings were $0.59 per share, which is above the top end of our earnings guidance. These strong operational results reflect a customer-focused investment strategy in our regulated distribution and transmission businesses, solid financial discipline and the continued shift in higher weather-adjusted demand from our residential customers. We’re pleased with our performance as well as the substantial progress we’ve made to transform FirstEnergy and position our company for the future. We have taken critical steps to build a best-in-class compliance program while identifying and driving initiatives to deliver long-term value to all stakeholders. Our leadership team is committed to modeling the behaviors and the humility necessary to restore trust with our stakeholders. We look forward to continuing this work and achieving the milestones that will mark our progress. I’ll start our call today with an update on the DOJ and other investigations related to House Bill 6, and John Somerhalder will join us for a brief discussion on board activity and the progress of our compliance program. I’ll come back to review recent business developments and then Jon Taylor will discuss our second quarter results and other financial matters before we open it up to your questions. Yesterday, we announced that we’ve entered into an agreement with the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of Ohio to resolve the DOJ investigation into FirstEnergy. This deferred prosecution agreement was filed in federal court. Under the three-year deferred prosecution agreement, we agreed to pay $230 million, which will be funded with cash on hand. Half of these funds is designated for the U.S. Treasury and the other half is being directed to the benefit of utility customers by the Ohio Development Service Agency. No portion of the fine will be recovered from customers. We also agreed to the government’s single charge of honest services wire fraud, which will be eventually dismissed, provided we abide by all the terms of the agreement. In accordance with the agreement, we will provide regular reports to the government regarding our compliance program, as well as internal controls and policies and continued efforts to build on the comprehensive compliance initiatives we’ve rolled out this year. In its decision to defer prosecution, the U.S. Attorney’s Office acknowledged our substantial cooperation with the investigation, along with our significant remedial actions, which include: establishing an executive director position at the Board level, as well as a compliance focused Board subcommittee; hiring a new Chief Legal Officer and a new Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer working to establish a culture of ethics, integrity and accountability at every level of the organization; and reviewing and revising political activity and lobbying and consulting policies, which will include robust disclosures about our lobbying activities. The conduct that took place at our company was wrong and unacceptable. Our Board, the management team and the entire FirstEnergy organization have done extensive work and are committed to make the necessary changes to move on from this. Our progress on these efforts, along with the DPA, demonstrate that we are making meaningful headway in navigating through this period and we are positioned to move forward as a stronger integrity bound organization. We will continue to cooperate fully with the ongoing investigations, audits and related matters as we work to resolve these issues and rebuild trust with our employees, customers, regulators and investors. We are intently focused on fostering a strong culture of compliance and ethics and assuring that we have robust processes in place designed to ensure that nothing like this happens again. In May, we held our first compliance town hall with employees to discuss what compliance, ethics and integrity mean at FirstEnergy and the importance of building a culture of trust where everyone is comfortable with speaking up when something doesn’t feel right. In the weeks following the town hall, our management team has responded to employee questions and concerns and we are committed to continuing this conversation and engagement. Next week, we plan to hold another town hall meeting with employees where we will introduce our updated mission statement, reinforcing the role of uncompromising integrity as the cornerstone of FirstEnergy’s identity and business strategies. We will also refresh our core values to better reflect the importance of integrity together with safety, diversity, equity and inclusion, performance excellence and stewardship. These values will be embedded in our practices and processes and become ingrained in the way we work. Additionally, we updated our code of business conduct, which John Somerhalder will speak to in a moment. We also continue to strengthen our leadership team with two more new hires, Michael Montaque joined us earlier this month as Vice President, Internal Audit. And yesterday, we announced that Soubhagya Parija has been named Vice President and Chief Risk Officer effective August 16. These two experienced professionals represent another important step as we strengthen our key internal functions and I’m confident that they will help us develop best-in-class audit and enterprise risk programs. Now, John Somerhalder will join us to provide an update on board matters and other facets of our compliance program. Then I’ll be back to discuss FE Forward and review some regulatory updates.
John Somerhalder: Thanks, Steve. Our progress with the DOJ builds on the substantial steps we have taken to enhance our Board, strengthen our leadership team, ensure we have a best-in-class compliance program and significantly modify our approach to political engagement as we work to regain the trust of our stakeholders. I’ll start with a review of recent Board changes. As you know, Jesse Lynn and Andrew Teno joined the Board from Icahn Capital in March, but they do not currently have voting rights pending regulatory approval. I’m pleased to note that FERC approved our request for voting rights last week. The process in Maryland continues as we have communicated FERC’s recent action to the Commission. Melvin Williams was elected to the Board at our Annual Meeting in May. And last month, we added two more independent directors, Lisa Winston Hicks and Paul Kaleta. Jesse, Melvin, Lisa and Paul comprise our Special Litigation Committee. This committee has full and binding authority to determine the company’s action with respect to the pending shareholder derivative litigation. I’ll also note that with the formation of the Special Litigation Committee, the Board has dissolved Independent Review Committee. As previously discussed, the company’s internal investigation has now been transitioned from a proactive to a response mode and in light of the significant review, investigation and related actions accomplished by the independent review committee, the Board has also dissolved that committee. But many proactive actions taken by the Board and management over the past year have improved our governance and put us in a strong position to remediate the material weakness associated with our tone at the top by the time we file our four quarter results. Over the last several quarters, we’ve talked a lot about the work we’re doing to elevate our ethics and compliance program and reinforce our values and expectations with all employees. We continue to make timely progress in this area and our new, more centralized compliance organization is taking shape under Antonio Fernandez, who joined the company in April as our Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer. Yesterday, we published our updated internal Code of Business Conduct, The Power of Integrity, which will be supported by ongoing education around behaviors and the importance of reporting ethical violations and we have continued to strengthen our policies, processes and internal controls including those around 501(c)(4)s, other corporate engagement and advocacy and business disbursements. While the transformation of our culture and our steps to restore trust with all stakeholders will be long-term endeavors, this team has started building a stronger company built around a foundation of ethics, honesty and accountability. Now, I’ll turn it back to Steve.
Steve Strah: Thanks, John. The comprehensive assessment and re-calibration of our ethics and compliance program has been running on a parallel path to FE Forward. Our transformational effort to enhance value for all stakeholders by investing in modern and distinctive experiences that will improve the way we do business, we have improved our programmatic efforts to mature our ethics and compliance program into the FE Forward work. In this way, we can leverage FE Forward’s rigor to implement changes quickly and efficiently, embed ethics and compliance into our operational culture and ensure we sustain a comprehensive transformation well into the future. FE forward has entered its third phase, which is a full-scale effort to execute our implementation plans. The program is expected to deliver value and resilience including cumulative free cash flow improvements of approximately $800 million from 2021 through 2023 and an annual run rate capex efficiencies of about $300 million in 2024 and beyond. At the same time, we expect the program to build on our strong operations and business fundamentals as we reinvest a portion of our efficiencies into strategic opportunities to better serve our customers and support a smarter and cleaner electric grid. To ensure our organizational structure supports these improvement over the long term, we realigned our business units last month around five pillars: Finance and Strategy, Human Resources and Corporate Services, Legal, Operations and Customer Experience. This new structure reflects a best-in-class model and supports operational excellence, clarity in decision making and accountability and less complexity. As part of this new organizational structure, we’ve created a customer experience function that will truly understand our customers’ evolving expectations, so we can develop solutions and drive benefits to customers. We’ve also created a new position, Vice President transformation to shepherd the FE Forward initiatives across our company, while also developing customer focused emerging technology opportunities. The development of executable plans, a best-in-class compliance program and critical organizational changes will position the company to move forward in a positive sustainable direction. I’ll just take a moment now and review recent regulatory matters starting in Ohio. First, in July, the PUCO approved our filing to return approximately $27 million to our Ohio utility customers, representing all revenues that were previously collected through the decoupling mechanism plus interest. Our Ohio utilities have filed supplemental testimony in the quadrennial review of our ESP IV. We are committed to working with a broad range of parties in Ohio to resolve the range of issues that are still pending here. We held our first full-scale collaborative meeting on March 31 and have since received further feedback from participants. We are preparing for another collaborative meeting in the next few weeks. We are also working through regulatory audits in Ohio, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and the FERC. Finally, in April, the New Jersey BPU approved JCP&L’s three year $203 million energy efficiency and conservation plan, which includes a return on certain costs, as well as the ability to recover lost distribution revenues. As per our financial results, we’re pleased with our strong performance in the first half of the year. We are reaffirming our 2021 operating earnings guidance of $2.40 to $2.60 per share and we expect to be at the top half of that range. We are also introducing third quarter guidance of $0.70 to $0.80 per share. We remain focused on executing our plans, maintaining our costs and building on this positive momentum. We are making substantial progress to transform FirstEnergy live up to our values and deliver long-term value to all of our stakeholders. Thank you for your time and now I’ll turn the call over to Jon Taylor for review of second quarter results and the financial update.
Jon Taylor: Thanks, Steve and good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we announced GAAP earnings of $0.11 per share for the second quarter of 2021 and operating earnings of $0.59 per share. As Steve mentioned, this exceeded the top end of our guidance range. Special items in the second quarter of 2021 include investigation and other related costs, which include the impact from the deferred prosecution agreement, as well as regulatory charges and state tax legislative changes. In our distribution business, 2021 second quarter results as compared to 2020 reflect growth from our capital investment programs, rate increases and lower expenses, primarily related to the absence of pandemic related expenses we incurred in the second quarter of last year, partially offset by the absence of Ohio decoupling and lost distribution revenues in the second quarter of 2020, which we stopped collecting earlier this year. Total distribution deliveries increased on both an actual and weather-adjusted basis compared to the second quarter of 2020 when many of the pandemic related restrictions were in full effect. However, the mix of customer usage resulted in a flat year-over-year earnings impact. Second quarter 2021 weather-adjusted residential sales were 6% lower than the same period last year when many of our customers were under strict stay at home orders. However, as we look at trends, weather-adjusted residential usage over the past few quarters has been on average about 4% higher than pre-pandemic levels and in fact, the second quarter of this year was close to 8% higher than weather-adjusted usage we saw in the second quarter of 2019. We think more permanent work from home initiatives could impact our longer-term load forecast and we will be watching closely to see if the structural shift in our residential customer class continues. Weather-adjusted deliveries to commercial customers increased 8% and industrial load increased 11% as compared to the second quarter of 2020. Despite the increase in commercial activity this spring, weather-adjusted demand in this customer class continues to lag pre-pandemic levels by an average of about 6%. Looking at the industrial class, we are encouraged by the steady recovery in demand over the past year. In fact, this quarter, industrial load was only slightly down compared to the second quarter of 2019. We continue to see higher load from the shale gas industry, but that was offset by lower load in other industrial sectors such as steel, auto and mining, which have not fully recovered to pre-pandemic levels. In our Regulated Transmission segment, higher net financing costs in the second quarter of 2021, primarily related to our revolving credit facility borrowings were more than offset by the impact of higher transmission investment at MAIT and ATSI related to our Energizing the Future program. Our transmission investments drove year-over-year rate base growth of 7%. And in our Corporate segment results reflect the absence of discrete tax benefits recognized in the second quarter of 2020, as well as higher interest expense. For the first half of 2021, operating earnings were $1.28 per share compared to $1.23 per share in the first half of 2020. This increase was the result of continued investments in our transmission and distribution systems, weather-related sales and lower expenses and consistent with our second quarter results, the positive drivers for the first half of this year more than offset the absence of $0.13 of decoupling and lost distribution revenues that were recognized in the first half of 2020 that are no longer in place this year. Additionally, our continued focus on financial discipline together with strong financial results helped drive a $196 million increase in adjusted cash from operations versus our internal plan and a $264 million increase above the first six months of last year, building on the improvements we noted on our first quarter earnings call. As per capital markets activity, we continue making good progress on this year’s debt financing plan with five of our six debt transactions complete, all with pricing similar to investment grade companies. In May, we issued a $150 million in senior notes at Toledo Edison and MAIT with pricing at 2.65% and 2.55% respectively. And in June, we issued $500 million in senior notes at JCP&L that priced at 2.75%. In addition, we made progress on our commitment to reduce short-term debt during the second quarter by repaying $950 million under our revolving credit facilities bringing our borrowings down to $500 million as of June 30. And earlier this week, we repaid the remaining $500 million under these facilities. While we did obtain a waiver for our credit facilities related to the DPA, this repayment was voluntary and not required by the bank group. We plan to operate on a normal course going forward and we utilize the revolving credit facilities on an as needed basis as we have done historically. As you know, we have two revolving credit facilities, one for FE Corp, which is shared with our utility companies and one for FET both expiring in December of 2022. Over the next few months, we plan to work with our bank group to evaluate and refinance these bank facilities with the goal of completing this initiative before the end of the year. And finally, we continue to consider alternatives to our equity needs. We continue to think through options that include a minority sale of distribution and/or transmission assets, which would raise substantial proceeds and eliminate all of our expected non-SIP equity needs, ensure the execution of our balance sheet improvement plans and provide funding for strategic capex in customer-focused emerging technologies that support the transition to a cleaner electric grid. Based on our current timeframe, we expect to provide you with an update in the fourth quarter. As always, thank you for your time and your interest in FirstEnergy. I’d be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we’ll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Shahriar Pourreza: Good morning, Steve and Jon. How are you doing?
Steve Strah: Good Shahriar.
Jon Taylor: Doing well.
Shahriar Pourreza: So just on the asset sale. Obviously, you kind of mentioned, you’re still exploring options, even though sort of the DPA came in lighter than expected – that many expected. Is the main consideration here, is it – I’m just trying to figure out is it potential shareholder litigation, is it kind of to capture some of the multiple arbitrage opportunities with what sort of infrastructure and various strategics have been willing to pay for assets recently? I mean, have your base, I guess, equity needs increased? And then just as a follow-up, media has reported Mon Power is the potential sale option. So can you maybe just confirm what stage you see as non-core to the overall enterprise. And how we should maybe think about potential sizing of a smaller utility like Mon Power versus a minority stake versus a potential larger optimization like just saying JCP&L as an example?
Jon Taylor: Shar, this is John. So, I’ll take that and if Steve wants to add on, I’d happy to do that as well. But I think for us, the priority is around ensuring that we achieve our balance sheet metrics. We have goals of 12% to 13%. We likely will face an additional headwinds with different types of litigation. We got some things cooking in Ohio that we need to deal with and so providing balance sheet support at an efficient cost is the number one priority. With respect to the different assets, I’m not going to get into specifics, but I would tell you that we’ve made a tremendous amount of progress since the first quarter. We are getting more and more comfortable with a minority interest sale in one of our assets and we’re fairly confident that that’s the right path forward. We think we can do this in a way that limits dilution to shareholders, but can raise a significant amount of capital that would eliminate all of our current equity needs, it would achieve our priorities around the balance sheet, provide funding for additional CapEx opportunities, all acknowledging the fact that we have additional headwinds that we’re going to face.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. So near-term, credit and earnings accretive transaction?
Jon Taylor: Correct. Yes. Correct.
Shahriar Pourreza: Perfect. And then just lastly for me, and I’ll pass it off to someone else. I’m glad, clearly, we’re moving – we’re starting to move past all of this, which is a great, great, great signal here. How do we think about maybe the DPA statement of facts as it relates to the overall construct in Ohio? I mean, you have a rate agreement in place, but curious if this can even be revisited in light of the findings. I mean, have you had any conversations with the PUCO following the DPA more specifically?
Steve Strah: Shar, this is Steve. Thanks for the question. I think I’m going to start just with a few comments on the DPA and then quickly move to Ohio. This is truly a humbling moment for our company in terms of the DPA, the accountability that we stepped up and took as a company. So, we’re humbled by it, but we do view it as a very positive step for the company with many more steps down the path to restore confidence and trust. Along the way, within the DPA, obviously, we paid a significant penalty for accountability and we take that on and acknowledge that. We’re also going to continue to stay very focused as a team to remain fully compliant with all the requirements of the DPA and fulfilling those requirements will be very, very important for us, as well as continued cooperation with the DOJ. Globally, I believe this is really an inflection point, not only for me as the leader of the organization, but for our company in general. We have a great opportunity as we walk through this challenge, really to show that we can create a much better company at a much better path forward. So, we’re really looking forward to do that and you will see that change and it will be added center, having ethics and integrity at every level within this organization. So, I just wanted to make those statements on the DPA. As it pertains to Ohio, it’s a good question. We have a collaborative underway right now. We’ve had one meeting. We’re hoping to organize another meeting within the next several weeks. So, we want to respect that process and not speculate too much, but we’re confident that we can make significant progress in terms of restoring trust and confidence in the regulatory process. So, it’s our hope that we can put everything that’s on the collective agenda for the collaborative. On the table, discuss it, deal with it and be able to come up with a reasonable solution. Relative to our ESP IV, our base rate case question that we get from time to time, I believe those are one of the elements that are around the table that we’re very willing to discuss. I would also point back just a little bit, Shar, to what we have accomplished in Ohio with regard to not pursuing lost distribution revenue, the refund of decoupling. We have the reestablishment of the 2024 base rate case requirement. And I think the DPA, now that it’s behind us, will open up more opportunities for a pathway forward in Ohio.
Shahriar Pourreza: Terrific. Thank you so much and best of luck, Steve, in trying to get actually through the next phase. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Steve Strah: Thank you, Shar.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Steve Strah: Good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: I just want to have follow-up that, I guess updated [technical difficulty] fourth quarter here, just want to clarify. Is that – is the fourth quarter update, is that during the quarter or is that with fourth quarter earnings and it seems like it’s a bit of a while off. So, just wondering, is this like a formal kind of bookending announcement that does accomplishes everything at that point? And last part here, I guess, if you think about potential minority interest modernizations and we’ve seen these great valuation markers out there. Just wondering if there is – how much you’d pursue here whether it is just solving all equity needs, including pension shortfalls, what have you?
Jon Taylor: So, Jeremy, this is Jon. So, fourth quarter, so sometime in the fourth quarter, not the fourth quarter call, we’ll provide an update on our plan for equity financing. And so with respect to quantum, we’ll have to see, I would tell you this, right now, we have a $1 billion of non-SIP equity in 2022 and 2023. If you just assume $40 a share, that’s about $0.12 in dilution. If I sold $0.12 and regulated earnings at 32 multiple, that would be about $2 billion in proceeds.
Jeremy Tonet: And then kind of shifting gears a bit, I guess towards transmission, just wondering if you had some thoughts on federal infrastructure plan, possibly here and FERC some of the different things coming out there. Just wondering how a few things about that and what opportunity set you see on the transmission side at this point, possibly expanding depending on kind of what happens audit you see there?
Steve Strah: Well, very good question. Thank you. This is Steve. I would say, it represents an opportunity for our company based on what I’ve been able to see from the current administration. We have over the course of the last six to seven years developed a true core competency in terms of being able to construct transmission projects and be able to extract the value that’s needed to support a reliable grid and I think that core competency now can be unleashed with any infrastructure plan that is developed and approved through the administration and Congress. So, I see that as a very good opportunity for our company.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Byrd: I wanted to just talk at a high level in terms of your business and the potential for the need for additional grid upgrades, improvements, transmission spend, just as you’re thinking at a high level, I know there’s been a lot of focus on, rightly so, on addressing this DOJ investigation, but just now that we’re hopefully in a position to be able to look forward a bit, how do you see sort of the potential areas of growth or maybe particularly what areas of growth are you most excited about in terms of adding to the base plan? What might we see over time?
Steve Strah: Well, Steve, I think we have a – we have an excellent base business plan. Let’s just start there. Our transmission spend, if you call it a $1 billion to a $1.2 billion per year, that’s a very sustainable pipeline of needed work that will span the next two decade period. So, we’re excited about the infrastructure program that might be coming forward. We’re excited about leveraging our transmission system and embracing renewables as they approach the system as an opportunity on the distribution side of the house. I’m particularly excited about some of the programs that we have going on right now with smart grid, smart meter programs. I also believe that our company as well as the utility industry can play a central and key role relative to the infrastructure build out for electric vehicles, battery storage and other emerging technologies. So, I think that all represent a great opportunity for us. I also try to keep the customer in the center of that equation. So, as these emerging technologies are lowering in costs, I think that’s good for customers and once again, I think a company like ours could install these technologies in the best way possible on the T&D system to maximize their value at a low cost.
Stephen Byrd: As you’re thinking about sort of your growth plans from here, is there a natural sort of process the FirstEnergy would go through and sort of just continuing to reassess those types of additional need? So, for example, is there sort of a planning process in the fall followed by some degree of an update we could expect next year in terms of just your thinking on where you go from here from a growth perspective?
Jon Taylor: Yes, Steven. So this is Jon. So, I think there’s a couple of things that we need to work through before we move to providing long-term guidance. Obviously, we have some issues that we need to resolve in Ohio. We have probably five to six different proceedings, we got the collaborative that we’re working through. So, we need to really have some clarity around our Ohio utilities. And then I think we also need to have a little bit more clarity and certainty around our equity plan. And then once we have those two things, I think we can get in to providing more of a long-term guidance range for you.
Stephen Byrd: Very fair point. Last question, just maybe going back to the deferred prosecution agreement. There’s a lot of commitments here. I was just curious as you think about factoring these types of commitments into things like executive compensation changes to sort of goals that you lay out better backed by real impacts to executive comp, how might we expect these types of commitments to be factored into compensation of executive?
Steve Strah: Well, Stephen, I don’t think we’ve talked through. What we’ve already done, for example, this year, that we’ve integrated a compliance goal into our incentive compensation program for all employees. Right? So, we want to acknowledge positive behaviors in terms of raising issues and acknowledge that look folks are speaking up. We also want to get at other parts of our company in which we might be challenged from an ethics or integrity view. So, that work is already underway and as we’ve stated, it not only in our opening comments, but prior to that, we’re going to make ethics, integrity and openness, every bit is important in this company as safety is to this company. And that for us puts it right at the very top of our focus each and every day, each and every moment. So, while we will talk through additional compensation matters, I’m sure in the future, like every company does, to challenge ourselves for goals that really truly make a difference in performance and propels you forward. We are really just very, very focused on implementing our new Code of Conduct that John mentioned and then also the build out of a best-in-class compliance and ethics program.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumolin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Thank you for the time and the opportunity. So, if I can try to rehash or restate some of this a little bit differently. When you think about where you’ll be by year-end, I mean, could we be in a place to effective re-baseline and provide a clean forward outlook, if you will. I mean, effectively, if we’re hearing you right, aspirationally you’ll have addressed the equity needs in a single shot here with a minority sale or something of the like. Ohio should be resolved to the extent at which stakeholders are amenable, including conceivably the next ESP and ultimately you have an O&M program underway that should conceivably keep you within this of the 13% FFO to debt as you’ve already talked about in the past. Can you just kind of affirmed to the thought process and specifically when or if you would think about an updated EPS outlook in turn?
Jon Taylor: This is Jon. Yes, Julien, this is Jon. So, I think for sure, we will have clarity around our equity plan in the fourth quarter. I think we will do our absolute best to work with the parties down in Columbus to get some resolution there. I don’t know how long that’s going to take, but if we could get something by the end of the year that would be fantastic. And we would be in a position at that point in time to provide you a long-term outlook including earnings and cash flow.
Steve Strah: Yes. And this is Steve. I would just underscore one of Jon’s points here. I would be very pleased to resolve the Ohio issues by year end, for sure, but I am determined to do it in a way in which it truly is collaborative. So, we are not going to be in a rush to do something that’s going to up end the process unnecessarily, but my true hope is that everybody will come to the table with progress and openness on their minds.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Yes, I very much appreciate it. And if I could clarify the FFO to debt commentary and just the overall balance sheet needs. Right? I mean, you obviously, previously articulated this equity need through the forecast period, but as you think about sizing this updated need today, I just want to make sure we understand the baseline should be that you are already poised to achieve the 12% to 13% such that if you want to triangulate here any incremental needs created from resolution in Ohio or regulatory decisions otherwise that’s really what you’re solving for from here, not re-baseline in the balance sheet incrementally. Right? I just want to make sure we’re on the same period of this?
Jon Taylor: Yes. That makes sense. If you remember, our base plan probably had us growing FFO $150 million, $200 million a year, we had our financing plan, which was really going to hold our debt levels somewhat flat or adjusted debt levels given where the pension is performing and our go-forward financing plan that included a $1 billion of equity. So, to the extent that we face headwinds in Ohio, we’ll be solving for that right.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Right. Yes, absolutely. It’s the deferred prosecution, anything with Ohio or otherwise and then ultimately your base equity as previously described?
Jon Taylor: Correct.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Excellent. All right. Just actually a quick clarification FE Forward, I mean, just next steps on delineating that and just what jurisdictions if you can speak to that at all, it may just be high level corporate, but I’m just curious?
Steve Strah: No, it’s across the entire business. I mean, it’s from our utility companies, all the way to our corporate centers. So, they’re in the process today of executing on all the different initiatives. We are uploading all of that into our financial plan and that will be part of our go-forward plan in the fourth quarter assuming that we get some of these things resolved.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Fleishman: Jon, I just have to ask in that equation that you laid out about the issuing the equity in your plan relative to asset sales. I think you mentioned potentially selling assets as saying use like a 32 multiple, is that the kind of range that there might be interest in some of these assets?
Steve Strah: Well, I think we have real experience in that I think Puget just got 32 times on their transaction, Duke got 28 times, CenterPoint got 38 times. So, I mean it’s in the range of what we’ve seen in the industry.
Steve Fleishman: And then whatever you end up selling, can you just confirm kind of on taxes, given I think your tax situation, is it likely that there be shields against any gains on a potential sale?
Steve Strah: I would tell you we’re working through that. We would like to structure it in a tax efficient manner. But to the extent that we can’t and we do have $7 billion of NOLs that we could utilize. So, still TBD on that, but something that we’re working through.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. So, I guess I meant totally whether it’s the transaction itself or the NOLs between the two, should there be limited taxes on potential sales whatever they are?
Steve Strah: Yes, that’s correct.
Steve Fleishman: Okay.
Steve Strah: That’s correct.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And I guess one more question just on the asset sale aspect. So, in the DPA, there is a provision on the DPA kind of, I guess, tracking with any assets that are sold or obviously any change in corporate structure. Does that impact your asset sale process at all?
Steve Strah: Steve, no, it doesn’t. But I’m going to ask Hyun to maybe comment on that provision in the DPA.
Hyun Park: Yes, Steve, this is Hyun Park, the CLOs here at FirstEnergy. So, there is a provision on mergers and changing core performance – transactions of that nature. We don’t think that a minority interest in the sale of a subsidiary would trigger a provision like that. We would probably speak with the Assistant U.S. Attorneys just to make sure that we’re on the same page. But that the transactions that are contemplated there, I don’t think would be triggered by something like this.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Durgesh Chopra: Thank you for taking my questions. Maybe just on the asset sale process, it looks like you’re in advanced stages, maybe could you just highlight for us what kind of interest are you seeing, who were you having these discussions with or these strategic buyers, i.e., peer utilities or sort of private entities, any color that you could share there, please? Thank you.
Steve Strah: Yes. Durgesh, it’s probably a little too early to get into that level of detail. I would just tell you that the transactions that we’ve seen in our space have had solid valuations, which tells me, there is a lot of interest in regulated assets and so my expectation is there is going to be a lot of interest in anything we do.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. Thank you. And then just to clarify your Ohio discussions. Right? There are a few issues there. The investigation and obviously, [technical difficulty] and amongst other things. So, I guess in these sort of the collaborative discussions you are [technical difficulty] all of those issues. Is that sort of a fair assessment on how should we – how we should think about sort of things getting resolved here going forward?
Steve Strah: I would like to think about all those issues being under one umbrella. Our first meeting that we had in March, we were very careful to go in and listen to concerns, listen and get input on different things that could be done in Ohio for the benefit of customers. So, yes, I would like to put all of this under one umbrella once we reengage the collaborative and now that the DPA is behind us, I think we really do have a very good opportunity to not only listen, but then start to proceed to some level of action, it would be my greatest hope.
Durgesh Chopra: I appreciate that, Steve. And then maybe just from – for us and for investors, are there sort of some milestones or timeline from this point on as these discussions evolve to watch for?
Steve Strah: I want the process to unfold with the next meeting and I want to respect that process. So, my hope would be to make significant progress by the end of the year, but I do want to respect the process and that just simply mandates something.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sophie Karp with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Sophie Karp: I’m curious to hear your perspective from maybe little a bit more longer-term view. Once you put the initial equity needs behind you with potentially the sale of a stake in the business, like you described is 12% to 13% FFO to debt still a suitable long-term target or would you be inclined to maybe increase that and equitize your balance sheet little more, just maybe [indiscernible].
Steve Strah: Sophie, I think we’ve talked about 12% to 13% no later than 2024. I think we would want to improve from there over time knowing that in our current business plan, probably 65% of our capex is formula rate spend, which provides incremental FFO each and every year. So, I would like to get to a spot where we’re 12% to 13% and improving over the long term.
Sophie Karp: Got it. Thank you. And then a follow-up if I may. So, you mentioned that once you have more definitive view on the potential transaction here, you would be in a position to provide a long-term outlook. And so just to make sure, we’re talking about the fourth quarter of 2021, are you saying that you would be able to incorporate some of the views about your 2024 rate case in Ohio when you do that and assumptions about that proceeding sort of in your long-term outlook at that time?
Steve Strah: So, I think the rate case in 2024 will probably be something that is dealt with as part of the collaborative discussion with all the parties down in Columbus. So, to the extent that we can have clarity around that then we’ll obviously provide that in the fourth quarter that were the timeframe. So, I would tell you that we are open to those types of recommendations, if they – if the parties thought that we needed to come in to file a case sooner than that, I think we would be open to that and so it’s something that we’ll be discussing I’m assuming over the course of the next few months.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: So, I guess this is sort of a big picture question. I don’t need to tell you guys that obviously politics and money go together. It’s a very political business and I understand the reforms you guys are doing and everything. But I guess what are the thoughts or concerns that might come up and how do you sort of Steve – how do you thread the needle here because on the one hand obviously makes sure – it makes sense for you guys to obviously institute reforms and everything, on the other hand, it’s important right for almost all utilities to be heavily involved in the political process in the jurisdictions you guys operate in. Do you follow me, I mean, are you guys – how do – there’s always a potential of sort of an overreaction if you follow what I’m saying and I’m looking at the actions and they seem very aggressive and understandably so to a certain degree, but how do you sort of thread the needle, do you follow what I’m saying or are you guys at all concerned about that or how should we as investors think about that sort of as the years play out here about how much you guys might not be engaged as much as perhaps might be desirable? Do you follow what I am saying?
SteveStrah: Yes. I appreciate your question. I think right now the best thing that we could do is what we have done and that is to hit the pause button, review and then appropriately revised our approach to everything from lobbying and the use of consultants and just take this one step at a time and thread the needle appropriately. As I’ve stated before that future vision is going to be much more limited than what it has been in our past because we are moving in a very clearly different direction with integrity and trust at the center of it. The other thing that I think you can count on is robust disclosures that we’ve committed to as part of the DPA and in other arenas. But look, I do understand the need to be in the arena and we will be in it, but we’re going to be in it and those issues that matter to our customers and to our company and we’re going to do that in a much more limited basis. So, I appreciate everybody’s patience around the pause button that we hit here, but we’re going to continue to just flat out do the right thing and constructing the right policy internally before we step back into the arena is the right thing to do.
Paul Patterson: Okay and then just in terms of and I wasn’t clear on this, I think it was Shar’s question, with respect to the potential for a rate case proceeding in Ohio, was – if I just clarify, were you guys basically saying that sort of up in the air until you guys get more clarity. It’s just too early to say what might actually be sort of the fallout so to speak on the PUCO disclosures and the DPA and everything else, how that might proceed or is there any more clarity, I guess, you have on that or I just want make sure I understand that?
SteveStrah: Yes. Paul. So, it’s too early to say, but my point was we would be open to it If that’s what the parties suggested.
Paul Patterson: Okay.
SteveStrah: So as part of our collaborative discussions with the other parties, if there was a sense that we needed to file a case before May of 24, we would be open to that.
Paul Patterson: Okay, thanks so much for your other questions that have been asked. Thanks so much. Have a great one.
SteveStrah: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, our final question today comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Weisel: Thank you. Good morning, guys, and congrats on the DPA, certainly a big milestone. A lot covered in the call and we’re up on the hour, so I’ll keep it short, but two things I just wanted to clarify, first on the last call, you indicated that the internal investigation hadn’t identified any new issues and it sounded like minimal cost for concern outside of Ohio. With the dissolution of the independent review committee, does that mean that it’s basically – is the review done at this point? Is it safe to say that there’s no other causes for concern beyond what’s been revealed so far?
SteveStrah: Well, I think in John Somerhalder’s comments, he had stated that, look, we have moved to dissolve that committee and really it – we will maintain kind of behave reactive or responsive type capability and coordinate that with the SLC for any inbound additional issue. But by the dissolution of the committee itself. I think it really does represent that it’s at its conclusion.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, great. Then as far as O&M costs, I know FE Forward, they’re very impressive numbers you put out on the cash flow and capex efficiencies, remind me the O&M’s also fall under FE Forward and maybe more broadly can you give your latest thinking on the outlook for operating expenses, particularly with so much learned about operations during the pandemic and finding some of the more permanent improvements in processes?
SteveStrah: Yes. So, Andrew, I think as part of the FE Forward process, the goal would be to absorb any inflationary increases for the foreseeable future. So, right now, we spend about $1.25 billion on what I’ll call our base O&M program between corporate and our utility group and we would expect to hold that flat over the foreseeable future through different efficiencies and transformational efforts that we identified through FE Forward.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I will turn the floor back to Mr. Strah for any final comments.
Steve Strah: Thank you very much and thanks for everyone being here with us today. As we described today, we continue to make solid progress to transform FirstEnergy to deliver the long-term value that our shareholders, our employees and all stakeholders seek. So, we will talk to you again very soon. And please be well and be safe. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to introduce your host, Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you. Ms. Prezelj, you may begin.
Irene Prezelj: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Today we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance strategies, prospects and other matters. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by these statements can be found on the Investor section of our website under the Earnings Information link, and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures, the presentation that supports today's discussion and other detailed information about the quarter can be found in the Strategic & Financial Highlights document on the Investor section of our website. Participants in today's call include are; President and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Strah; Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jon Taylor; and our Vice Chairperson and Executive Director, John Somerhalder. We will also have several other executives available to join us for the Q&A session. Now I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Strah: Thank you, Irene, and good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we reported first quarter 2021 GAAP earnings of $0.62 per share and operating earnings of $0.69 per share, which is in the upper end of our guidance range. As Jon will discuss, our results reflect the continued successful implementation of our investment strategies, higher weather adjusted load in our residential class and strong financial discipline in managing our operating expenses. Last month, I was honored to be named FirstEnergy's CEO and appointed to the Board of Directors. I greatly appreciate the trust and confidence the Board has placed in me since I was named President last May, and Acting CEO in October. I have great pride in FirstEnergy and the work our employees do to serve our customers and communities. It's my privilege to continue leading the company as we navigate our current challenges and position our business for long-term stability and success. As we work to move FirstEnergy Forward, my priorities are; the continued safety of our employees and customers, ensuring that ethics, accountability and integrity are deeply ingrained in our culture and supported by a strong corporate compliance program. Executing FE Forward, our transformational effort to capitalize on our potential, deliver long-term results and maximize near-term financial flexibility and continuing our investments in infrastructure growth opportunities from electrification, grid modernization and renewable integration to benefit our customers. During today's call, I'll provide an update on the Department of Justice Investigation, regulatory matters and our FE Forward initiative and other business developments. John Somerhalder will join us for an update on the Board and management's work towards instilling a culture of compliance built upon the highest standards of ethics and integrity. Then Jon Taylor will review our results and other financial topics before we open it up for your questions. As we discussed on our fourth quarter call, we are committed to taking decisive actions to rebuild our reputation and focus on the future and continuing to cooperate with the ongoing government investigations. We have begun discussions with the DOJ regarding the resolution of this matter, including the possibility, FirstEnergy entering into a deferred prosecution agreement. We can't currently predict the timing, outcome or the impact of the possible resolution with the DOJ. Our goal is to take a holistic and transparent approach with a range of stakeholders across the spectrum of matters under review. This approach is consistent with the changes we're making in our political and legislative engagement and advocacy. For example, we are stopping all contributions to 501(c)(4)s; we paused all other political disbursements, including from our Political Action Committee; and we've limited our participation in the political process. We have also suspended and/or terminated various political consulting relationships. In addition, we'll be expanding our disclosures around political spending in order to provide increased transparency. For example, we have committed to post updates on our website on our corporate political activity, relationship with trade associations and our Corporate Political Activity Policy, which is under revision. A comprehensive and open approach is also the cornerstone in our regulatory activity. In Ohio, we continue taking proactive steps to reduce the regulatory uncertainty affecting our utilities in the state. This includes our decision in late March to credit our Ohio utility customers approximately $27 million. This comprises the revenues that were collected through the decoupling mechanism authorized under Ohio law, plus interest. The partial settlement with the Ohio Attorney General to stop collections of decoupling revenues, and our decision not to seek recovery of lost distribution revenues from our Ohio customers. Together, these actions fully address the requirements approved in Ohio House Bill 128 as well as the related rate impact of House Bill 6 on our customers. These are important steps to put this matter behind us. In other Ohio regulatory matters, we proactively updated our testimony in the ESP Quadrennial review case to provide perspective seek values on an individual company basis. We are engaged in settlement discussions with interested parties on this matter as well as the 2017, 2018 and 2019 SEET cases that were consolidated into this proceeding. During our last call, we mentioned that we were proactively engaging with our regulators to refund customers for certain vendor payments. Those conversations are underway in each affected jurisdiction. In Ohio at the PUCO's request, the scope of our annual audit of rider DCR has been expanded to include a review of these payments. Outside of Ohio, our state regulatory activity is concentrated on customer-focused initiatives that will support the transition to a cleaner climate. For example, on March 1, JCP&L filed a petition with the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities, seeking approval for its proposed EV-driven program. If approved, the four-year $50 million program would offer incentives and rate structures to support the development of EV charging infrastructure throughout our New Jersey service territory in an effort to accelerate the adoption of electric vehicles and provide benefits to our residential, commercial and industrial customers. And in late March, the Pennsylvania PUC approved our five-year $390 million Energy Efficiency & Conservation Plan, which supports the PUC's consumption reduction targets. In other recent developments, last week, FERC approved our uncontested JCP&L forward-looking formula rate settlement without any modifications. In March, we closed the transaction to sell JCP&L's 50% interest in the Yards Creek pump-storage hydro plant and received proceeds of $155 million. And we also announced plans to sell Penelec's Waverly, New York distribution assets, which serves about 3,800 customers to a local Co-Op. The deal, which is subject to regulatory approval, will simplify Penelec's business by solely focusing on Pennsylvania customers. During our fourth quarter call, we introduced you to FE Forward, our companywide effort to transform FirstEnergy into a more resilient, effective industry-leader delivering superior customer value and shareholder returns. We expect the FE Forward initiatives to provide a more modern experience for our customers with efficiencies in operating and capital expenditures that can be strategically reinvested into our business, supporting our growth and investments in a smarter and cleaner electric grid, while also maintaining affordable electric bills. During the first phase of the project, we evaluated our processes, business practices and cultural norms to understand where we can improve. While our safety and reliability performance is strong, we found opportunities in many areas to enhance and automate processes, take a more strategic focus on operating expenditures and modernize experiences for our customers and employees. We've identified more than 300 opportunities and now we are diving deeper into these ideas, developing detailed executable plans as we prepare for implementation beginning later this quarter. Examples of this work include, improving the planning and scheduling through integration of systems to allow our employees to deliver their best to our customers. Leveraging advanced technologies such as drones and satellite imagery to improve our vegetation management programs, using predictive analytics and web-based tools to provide our customers with more self-service options and improve their experience. And leverage purchasing power to optimize payment terms. As part of these efforts, we intend to evaluate the appropriate cadence to initiate rate cases on a state-by-state basis to best support our customer-focused strategic priorities. We will also remain focused on emerging technologies, smart grid, electric vehicle infrastructure and our customers evolving energy needs as we think through how to reduce our carbon footprint. We're off to a great start this year and yesterday, we reaffirmed our 2021 operating earnings guidance of $2.40 to $2.60 per share. Our leadership team is committed to upholding our core values and behaviors and executing on our proven strategies as we put our customers at the center of everything we do. We will take the appropriate steps to deliver on our promise to make FirstEnergy a better company, one that is respected by our customers, the investment community, regulators and our employees. Thank you for your time and confidence. Now I'll turn the call over to John Somerhalder.
John Somerhalder: Thanks, Steve and hello, everyone. It's a privilege and a pleasure to join you today. I'd like to start by sharing my impressions of FirstEnergy after almost two months in this role. This is a company with a firm foundation, including a commitment to improve in the area of governance and compliance, our commitment to customers by embracing innovation and technology to help ensure the strength, resilience and reliability of its transmission and distribution businesses, a deep-seated and strong safety culture and a strong potential to deliver significant value to investors through customer-focused growth. Since joining the team, I've been supporting senior leadership in advancing the company's priorities, strengthening our governance and compliance functions and enhancing our relationships with external stakeholders, including regulators and the financial community. Steve spoke about our business priorities. So I will focus my remarks today on our compliance work including remedial actions. First, I'd like to update you on our internal investigation, which has revealed no new material issues since our last earnings call. The focus of the internal investigation has transitioned from a proactive investigation to continued cooperation with the ongoing government investigations. Management and the Board with the assistance of the Compliance Subcommittee of the Audit Committee have been working together to build a best-in-class compliance program. Through these efforts, we have identified improvement opportunities in five broad categories, including governance, risk management, training and communications, concerns management and third-party management. As part of these efforts, FirstEnergy is embracing a commitment to enhancing its compliance culture to be best-in-class. Some of the actions completed to-date include hiring our Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer, Hyun Park in January, Antonio Fernandez, who joined as Vice President and Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer last week and myself. On the Board side, Jesse Lynn and Andrew Teno joined us from Icahn Capital in March, and the Board has nominated a new independent member, Melvin Williams for election at the Annual Shareholders Meeting, when Sandy Pianalto's term ends next month. I believe the insights and experience of these new leaders are helping to round out a very committed and competent Board and management team. In March, the Board affirmed our confidence in Steve by naming him CEO. Steve has consistently demonstrated the integrity, leadership skills, strategic acumen and deep knowledge of our businesses needed to position FirstEnergy for long-term success and stability. These changes along with the Board's reinforcement of and the executive team's commitment to setting the appropriate tone at the top will support a culture of compliance going forward. For instance, we recently held an event where the Chairman and the Chair of the Compliance Subcommittee addressed the company's top 140 leaders regarding the expectations to act with integrity in everything we do. Our legal department recently completed training on up-the-ladder reporting and we have enhanced our on-boarding process for new employees and for third-parties on expectations around our code of business conduct. Over the course of the next few months, there will be many more steps the company will take to enhance our compliance program, such as continuing to build the new, more centralized compliance organization under Antonio's leadership, addressing our processes, policies and controls, which include additional oversight for political contributions, continuing to emphasize our values and expectations in ongoing communications with our employees, incorporating compliance into our goals and performance metrics and holding all employees regardless of title to the same standards. Enhancing the channels for incident reporting and developing thorough and objective processes to investigate and address allegations of misconduct and ensuring increased communications with and training of employees with respect to our commitment to ethical standards and integrity of our business procedures, compliance requirements, our code of business conduct and other company policies and understanding and utilizing the process for reporting suspected violations of law or code of business conduct. We have also enhanced our internal controls around disbursements to require additional approvals. Targeted reviews of any suspicious payments, and a reassessment of approval levels across the entire company. Additionally, in the area of disbursements, we will update and clarify policies and procedures, conduct training and institute a regular audit program that reviews payments and services performed. A detailed list of the corrective actions we are taking can be found on Pages 8 and 9 of our first quarter FactBook. Over the next several months, we expect to make significant progress in the areas of compliance led by Antonio's organization, where it will continue to be overseen by the Board and the newly established management's Steering Committee for ethics and compliance. Through these efforts, we expect the material weakness associated with the tone at the top to be remediated by the time we file our fourth quarter earnings. Our leaders are continuing to elevate the importance of compliance and working to regain the trust of employees and our stakeholders by modeling appropriate behavior and consistently communicating that compliance and ethics our core values just like safety. We are committed to ensuring that employees understand what is expected of them and are comfortable reporting ethical violations without fear of repercussions by continually emphasizing the importance of compliance to our strategies and future, as well as demonstrating that we are setting the right tone at the top. We strive to bolster confidence among our employees that the management team and the Board are taking the proper decisive actions to move the company forward. I believe we have learned a lot from recent challenges, and are taking the right actions to emerge as a better, stronger company with a bright future. Now I'll turn the floor over to Jon Taylor for a review of first quarter results and a financial update.
Jon Taylor: Thanks, John. Before I review the quarter, you have probably noticed a new look to the materials posted to our website. We have provided new disclosures in three main areas within our Investor FactBook. Our steps to support a cleaner, smarter grid and the movement to more green and renewable resources, additional disclosures on our balance sheet, including our funds from operations target and the steps we're taking to achieve our goals and third, enhanced ESG disclosures. Also note that we continue to provide more robust disclosures on our ROEs, including more granular sensitivities. Yesterday, we announced GAAP earnings of $0.62 per share for the first quarter of 2021, and operating earnings of $0.69 per share, which was at the upper end of our guidance range. GAAP results for 2021 include two special items, regulatory charges related to customer refunds associated with previously collected Ohio decoupling revenues and expenses associated with the investigation. In our distribution business, our results for the first quarter of this year, as compared to 2020 reflect higher residential usage on both in actual and weather adjusted basis, as well as growth from incremental riders and rate increases, including DCR and grid monetization in Ohio, the distribution system improvement charge in Pennsylvania and the implementation of our base rate case settlement in New Jersey. These drivers were partially offset by $0.10 per share related to the absence of Ohio decoupling revenues and our decision to forego the collection of lost distribution revenues from our residential and commercial customers. Our total distribution deliveries for the first quarter of 2021 decreased 2% on a weather adjusted basis as compared to the last year, reflecting an increase in residential sales of 2% as customers continue to spend more time at home in the first quarter of 2021, a decline of 7% in commercial sales and in our industrial class first quarter load decreased 3%. It's worth noting that total distribution deliveries through the first quarter are consistent with our internal load forecast, with residential demand 2% higher versus our forecast. While industrial load is down 2%. In our regulated transmission business, earnings decreased as a result of higher net financing costs, which included an adjustment to previously capitalized interest, partially offset by the impact of rate-based growth at our FE and made subsidiaries. Finally, in our corporate segment, results reflect lower operating expenses, offset by the absence of a first quarter 2020 Pension/OPEB credit related to Energy Harbor's emergence from bankruptcy, as well as higher interest expense. We're off to a solid start for the year and are reaffirming our operating earnings guidance of $2.40 to $2.60 per share for 2021. We've also introduced second quarter guidance of $0.48 to $0.58 per share. In addition, our strong focus on cash helped drive a $125 million increase in adjusted cash from operations and a $185 million increase in free cash flow versus our internal plan for the first quarter. As to a couple of other financial updates, our 2021 debt financing plan remains on track. In March, FirstEnergy Transmission issued $500 million in senior notes in a strong, well supported bond offering that showcased the strength of our transmission business. The deal was oversubscribed and on par with an investment grade offering. We used the proceeds to repay $500 million in short-term borrowings under the FET revolving credit facility. In addition, we repaid $250 million at the FirstEnergy holding company. We also successfully issued $200 million in first mortgage bonds at MonPower in April that was also very well supported. This supports our earlier commitment to reduce short-term borrowings, as well as our goal to improve our credit metrics at FirstEnergy. Return to investment grade as quickly as possible and maintain the strong credit ratings at our utilities. We continue to provide the rating agencies with regular updates on our business and we are working with them to develop a clear outline of what is needed to return FirstEnergy to investment grade credit ratings. Key milestones include governance and compliance changes at our company, resolution of the DOJ investigation and solid credit metrics. As to more longer-term financing needs, through the execution of FE Forward, we have reduced our debt financing plan by approximately $1 billion through 2023. Mainly at the FirstEnergy and FirstEnergy Transmission holding companies. Additionally, as we have previously mentioned, equity is an important part of our overall financing plan, with plans to raise up to $1.2 billion of equity over 2022 and 2023. As we said previously, will flex these plans as needed and we are also exploring various alternatives to raise equity capital in a manner that could be more value enhancing to all stakeholders. These actions combined with new rates at JCP&L and our 60% plus formula rate capital investment program, will generate $150 million to $200 million of incremental cash flow each year, while maintaining relatively flat adjusted debt levels through 2023, all of which will support our targeted 12% to 13% FFO to debt range. Starting to our pension, our funding status was 81% at March 31st, up from 78% at the end of last year, resulted in a $500 million reduction in our unfunded pension obligation, which improves our adjusted debt position with the rating agencies. The extended funding timeframe permitted under the American Rescue Plan, together with the modification of interest rate stabilization rules, means that we do not expect any funding requirements for the foreseeable future, assuming our plan achieves a 7.5% expected return on assets. Although we plan to make contributions into the pension next year, this legislation provides us with additional discretion and flexibility to make voluntary contributions as we assess our capital allocation plans. As Steve mentioned, discussions have begun with the Department of Justice. While no contingency has been reflected in our consolidated financial statements. We believe that it is probable we will incur a loss in connection with a resolution of this investigation. However, we cannot yet reasonably estimate the amount. Finally, last month, President Biden introduced the American Jobs Plan, which includes a corporate tax increase and proposed minimum tax, as well as potential opportunities related to proposed infusion into the electric vehicle infrastructure and the energy grid. Clearly, it's very early in the process, but the corporate tax provision could be slightly cash positive for us if implemented in its current form. Our solid first quarter results and expectations for the year reflect our strong operating fundamentals and the continued success of our strategies to modernize and enhance our distribution and transmission systems. As we move our company forward, we are laser-focused on unlocking opportunities and increasing value for our shareholders, customers and employees. Thank you for your time. Now let's open the call to your Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Now we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides: Hey, everybody. Thank you for taking my question. Real quickly this one's probably for John. Your prior guidance and disclosure before the act passed in March of this year that impacts pension assume pretty sizable pension funding requirements in 2022 and beyond. If you're no longer making those pension funding requirements, why wouldn't the equity funding requirements go down in lockstep?
Jon Taylor: Well, Michael I appreciate the question. At least from my perspective, the equity is an important part of achieving our targeted FFO to debt of 12% to 13%. So if it's not used to pay down pension obligations, it would be used to pay down other balance sheet-related debt. So we are laser-focused on improving the balance sheet, getting it up to that 12% to 13% and equity is a key component of that.
Michael Lapides: In other words, what you're basically saying is, you're saving cash but not having to make pension requirements, but you're looking to delever, like you recognize, hey, we need to delever, we're more levered than our peer group, lets delever reduce the risk profile play for the higher ratings from the…
Jon Taylor: That's right, that's right.
Michael Lapides: Okay, super.
Jon Taylor: If you look at where we're going to be this year, somewhere around 10% to 10.5% FFO to debt, that's not acceptable for us. We want to be at the 12% to 13% and then have a plan to improve going forward.
Michael Lapides: Got it, makes a ton of sense. Okay, one follow-up. You all gave great detail on a lot of the distribution CapEx projects or potential projects, meaning, state-by-state, et cetera. What I'm struggling a little bit to understand is, aligning that detail with what's actually in your CapEx guidance on the distribution segment, meaning, are things that you filed for, say, the EV - in Pennsylvania or the EV project in New Jersey grain as that one's kind of small what's in guidance and which of these are not in guidance? Or are these all upside the guidance?
Jon Taylor: So, Michael, I would tell you that some of the filings that we've made that have not been approved are not in our CapEx forecast currently. So that would be upside to the CapEx programs. What we have that's in our forecast now are those items that have been approved other than, I think, in 2022 and 2023, we do assume that we're going to roll into a grid mod 2 program. So I think that would be the only item out there that's in our forecast that has not been approved.
Michael Lapides: Meaning…
Steve Strah: Yes, and that's - that's - I'm sorry, Michael, that's in Ohio, grid mod 2 is in Ohio.
Michael Lapides: Right, okay. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated.
Steve Strah: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Fleishman: Yes, hi. Good morning. Thanks. So just a question on your comments on Ohio regulatory updates. So last call, you talked about pursuing kind of a goal to comprehensively resolve all regulatory issues in Ohio. And then it sounds like on this call, you are now officially engaged in settlement talks on the SEET issues, both backward and looking forward. Is that correct?
Eileen Mikkelsen: Yes, good morning. It's Eileen Mikkelsen, I'm Vice President of Rates and Regulatory Affairs. Thanks, Steve, for your question. We have engaged with a broad range of parties in Ohio, in open, transparent kind of constructive discussions about a whole range of issues that are pending in Ohio. We had our first broad-based meeting on March 31 of this past quarter, very well attended, represented by folks that represent really all of our customer groups. And in the course of that discussion, we are talking about the Quadrennial Review, the SEET cases, both historical and prospective, as well as many, many other matters. I would say that, in the course of those discussions, I think the parties expressed to us generally an appreciation for the approach that we were taking in Ohio to resolving these matters. And also, generally an appreciation for the actions that the companies taken today in Ohio to move past the issues that we currently face.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. So, to put it another way, you put out the olive branch to have these discussions and it does appear that the parties, the key parties at least are willing to talk…
Eileen Mikkelsen: Yes that's…
Steve Fleishman: Are you in settlement talks of these various issues?
Steve Strah: Yes, Steve, I want to be sensitive to the ongoing discussions. But at the end, we felt good as a team about the level of engagement. And as we had talked through on our prior call, part of this for us is a listening tour, right, just to listen to the various constituencies, work to understand where we can find common ground. And I think that process is often running just as we had committed to.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And is this something that is - because I don't think it's been something that's going to come up in any of the dockets for those - all those different cases? So is this something that's going to continue on kind of outside the dockets of the cases?
Eileen Mikkelsen: I think that conversations with the parties will continue ultimately if there's resolution of matters related to specific dockets, that resolution would be posted to those dockets. But the conversations are outside of the formal proceedings at this point.
Steve Fleishman: Great, thanks. One other question just for Jon. On the equity alternatives that you're - that you talk about reviewing for that, is that and the only thing I can really think of that would maybe fit that would be with the asset sales. And maybe you could just talk about if you are reviewing that, what would be your objectives just like lower cost, less dilution or would there be other like strategic things that you might be looking at if you are reviewing asset sales?
Jon Taylor: Yes, Steve. I mean I guess the way I think about it, there are many different alternatives to raise equity capital that would be much more accretive than issuing common equity for instance, something like the Duke Indiana transaction that was announced earlier this year. Obviously, it would have to be in line with our balance sheet priorities. Our focus on long-term customer focus growth. But yes, we're looking at a range of options to maximize value given our equity needs.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Jon Taylor: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Julien Dumolin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for the time and the opportunity. Perhaps, if I can to follow-up on the last couple of questions. First, can you elaborate a little bit more on what we could expect out of any resolution in Ohio? I know you provided some parameters about how you're engaging with stakeholders. But what would you expect to the extent success over here? I mean, could this be more than just resolution to the SEET test for instance? Any additional color would be appreciated. As well…
Eileen Mikkelsen: Yes, thanks…
Julien Dumolin-Smith: …as whether the deferred prosecution agreement is a prerequisite? I suspect not. But I just want to ask that explicitly.
Eileen Mikkelsen: Exactly and then I'm going to address the regulatory discussions, and then I'll defer to others on the question with respect to the deferred prosecution agreement. But with respect to the settlement, we are as Steve said, we're engaged in kind of a listening exercise, our first meeting, we spent really just listening to all the parties, what areas were of interest to them and it addressed a broad range of issues beyond necessarily the SEET and the Quadrennial Review cases. So we're going to continue to let that process play out, it's a little too early to call what the outcome will be. But we are committed to being as open and as transparent as we can be throughout the process, listening and trying to react to what's important to the other parties.
Steve Strah: Yes, Julien, on your second point, I'd like to just separate the potential for deferred prosecution agreement from anything that we're doing in Ohio. That - that's the way I'm viewing it right now. And let me just spend a moment on the developments with the Department of Justice, because I suspect I'll get a question later, even. But, you know, the resolution discussions that we spoke of today are constructive in their positive development for our company. As for the details of timing, the potential for fine or penalties I really can't speculate on that at all. And I just do want to say though, I'm encouraged by our dialogue and I'm encouraged that we are certainly going to continue to fully cooperate with the Department of Justice. And I just want to be very respectful of that process and not get ahead of it at all.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Okay, understood. If you don't mind, can I clarify the last question, I think you were responding to Mike here on the FFO to debt metrics and where you stand today versus prospectively, because you talk about this FFO increase here of $150 million to $200 million annually in FFO off of 2020 through '23 now, and then you talk about adjusted debt being relatively flat, shouldn't that sizably itself already address the delta that you need to get back to where you want in your credit metrics? I just want to understand where the starting position when you're thinking about, you know, any equity alternatives or incremental equity beyond what's already in the plan of $600 million?
Jon Taylor: Well, Julien, I would say that, you know, our adjusted debt levels remaining relatively flat assume up to $1.2 billion of equity. So that's part of the plan to keep, you know, our adjusted debt relatively flat to where it was at the end of 2020. And then from an FFO perspective, I mean, if you're - if 60% of your CapEx program is on formula rates, you're going to see some slight load benefits over the next two or three years as industrial and commercial come back. We have the JCP&L rate case that's going to be implementing new rates at the end of this year, that's going to be cash flow positive at the end of this year and to next year. So that's really going to be driving that incremental FFO of up to $150 million, $200 million a year for the next few years. And if we keep our adjusted debt levels and naturally, you'll grow into that 12% to 13%.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Right, said differently, status quo, you're already on track to get back through your metrics need to be. And we should be thinking about any incremental equity as addressing any incremental needs that might not come out of the organic business, but rather specific to funding requirements with - PPA or otherwise.
Jon Taylor: Correct. Correct.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Excellent. Thank you for clarifying that, guys. Have a great day.
Steve Strah: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Jeremy Tonet with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Steve Strah: Good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to shift gears a bit here, if I could and with the Biden infrastructure plan granted at very early innings and things can you know, still kind of change shape over time, but just wondering at this stage, what do you see the you know the opportunities for FE at this point if the plan were to come to fruition as kind of broadly proposed right now?
Steve Strah: Well I think there's potential for our company very clearly. We have, being a fully regulated transmission and distribution company in a five-state area with a diversity of assets that we have that may well be impacted, of course, in the transition in whatever form it takes to cleaner energy, will certainly benefit our company and I think we're well positioned for that. I believe there's other factors that will come into consideration as the administration goes through the necessary next steps. You know, we have to have a very thoughtful transition embedded in this plan. There are economic impacts, potential reliability impacts for the T&D systems that we want to stay mindful of. And, look, the issue is not going to go away climate and some of the planning in the United States is progressing forward and we all have to do our part. As you look at the overall goals, and you look at our ESG - greenhouse gas reduction goals, you know, we have already placed out there a goal of a 30% reduction in carbon from 2019 levels by the year 2030. And we are on our way to achieving that. And we have a carbon neutrality goal in in 2050. So, you know, I think our goal, our business plan or strategy is consistent with what the Biden administration proposed. But I think there's a lot of work to do to take it from a policy statement to on-the-ground improvements.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it, that makes sense. And then turning over to the FERC. It seems like there's possibly some developments there on the RTO adder side, and was just wondering if you could provide any thoughts that you have there on that, broadly speaking and what impacts that could have to FE if that does happen?
Eileen Mikkelsen: Yes, happy to address that question. Thank you. When we look at the impact, is in fact with this Supplemental NOPR that FERC issued, which really, maybe puts to rest this issue of the 50 basis point incentive that transmission organizations have been given for participation in RTO. If we quantify that, it's probably between $0.04 and $0.05 for us on a total basis across all our transmission organizations. But I think it's also important to recognize, this is just a Supplemental Notice of Proposed Rulemaking has to go through a comment, reply comment period and then take FERC action. And I would also point out that at the same time, FERC really initiated technical conference with respect to transmission incentives related to performance rate making, shared savings mechanisms in order to incent transmission and that meeting scheduled to occur in September of 2021. So I think there's some puts and takes on what may happen with transmission ROAs and of course, as you might expect, we're going to stay very actively engaged in all of those discussions.
Steve Strah: Yes, I think that's excellent, Eileen and I would just add, obviously, our transmission business is very important to our strategy. As Eileen outlined, the $0.04 to $0.05 is a concern obviously, we'll monitor it, but it's not enough to throw our company off track certainly. We also have the advantage as a company to, as I stated earlier, we have a very large footprint of diverse transmission and distribution assets in which we can invest in multiple opportunities, should this development become a little bit more impactful to us.
Jeremy Tonet: That's really helpful. Last one, if I could real quick here. With regards to equity alternatives as you kind of touched on there and looking at where recent assets sales have treated, is there any reason you would issue equity at these levels instead of an asset sale? And given how the plan is for $600 million next year, should we expect kind of more news on that front sooner if it takes a period of time to execute the sale if you do choose to go that route?
Jon Taylor: Well, Jeremy, I think that's one of the reasons we're looking at a trade like that. I mean, if you just take the Duke Indiana forward multiple, it's like issuing common equity at $50 a share. And so you have to take a look at those types of options when you have an equity need like we do. So I mean I think that's one of the reasons we are looking at, you know, something similar to that type of transaction.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it, that makes sense. That's really helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Byrd: Thanks for the really thorough update. Just a couple of additional questions for me. On governance, I understand you're sort of under revision on your entire approach. You mentioned more limited involvement in the political process, I wondered if you could just add a little bit more color unless a sort of premature given you're sort of under review now?
Steve Strah: Well, as you said, Stephen, it's under review, we are integrating our thinking in terms of formalizing a revised political activity policy. So that's currently under revision. In the interim, I thought it was very important for our company to take the necessary actions that we did in terms of, you know, ceasing, giving the 501(c)(4)s as an example. The activity that we talked about in terms of no disbursements out of our Political Action Committee. We are taking a deep breath, putting a revision together that makes sense that will help define that limited scope in the political arena. And the way I view it is, you'll see increased openness and transparency in what we're involved in accountability around that. And we are going to get involved in things in which I could sit down and talk to any of my employees about or any of our customers about, for example, because it would make sense for our company to engage in it for the - betterment of all stakeholders. And that's just my current view right now. There'll be more to come as we really stand up our new compliance program that John Somerhalder spoke out, but that's just our current thinking right now.
Stephen Byrd: That's really, really helpful color. And then just one other question for me just in terms of the internal investigation the review that you've been going through. Would you characterize that as sort of broadly complete in terms of sort of fact finding determining just going back through and understanding everything that happened? Or would you say there's a significant additional work needed to kind of complete that investigation?
John Somerhalder: I think the good - good news, this is John Somerhalder, is that, you know, since the last earnings call, the investigation has not revealed any new material issues. So we are now transitioning that from, you know, a proactive investigation to, you know, an investigation that will continue to cooperate with ongoing government investigations. So that transition has occurred or is occurring.
Stephen Byrd: That's very helpful. That's all I had. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Angie Storozynski with Seaport Global Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So Steve, you mentioned that there is a separation between the DOJ negotiations and what's happening in Ohio. But then again, it seems like the agreement with the Ohio Attorney General was more of a standstill agreement, at least to me, as everybody awaits the outcome of the DOJ negotiations. It seems like you guys are waiting with issuing that well, at least JCP&L and Toledo. Again, in anticipation of the potential DOJ settlements. And I'm just wondering if it's a fair assessment of what's happening?
Steve Strah: Well, Angie, the way I would look at it is, we have certainly a lot of moving pieces here that we have to coordinate appropriately. And to the extent, you know, we're going to deal with and fully cooperate with the DOJ, in my view, that's one workstream that we're working on. All the activity that we have in Ohio, which I find, encouraging, but we have a lot more work to do there, that's a separate workstream. We have multiple others that we're working through. The way I would look at it is, to the extent that that may or may not influence our financing plan, we just integrate that into the way the pieces are moving for us. And once again, Jon Taylor outlined the success that we've had in the markets. And I think we are all - with all the moving pieces we have, we're in a stable environment with regard to all of that. So I guess that's perhaps my best way to approach your question.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And separately, thank you for the additional disclosures in the FactBook - greatly - these are greatly appreciated. One of the things that you guys mentioned there is that, you are considering the distribution rate cases in all of your jurisdictions, which I take, includes, Ohio. So far, you've mentioned SEET as the issue that is being discussed with different intervenors in Ohio, how about filing a distribution rate case early in the state?
Eileen Mikkelsen: Well, I think - yes, I want to remind folks that January 1st of this year, we actually implemented our JCP&L distribution-based rate case settlement, Jon mentioned how that will be accretive from a cash perspective starting later this year. I think last week FERC approved our JCP&L transmission forward-looking formula uncontested rate settlement, beginning January 1st of this year, we moved our remaining transmission assets to a forward-looking formula rates subject to hearing and settlement procedures. We are scheduled to have a rate case filed in Maryland for our Potomac Edison by the first quarter of 2023. And we're on schedule to file for our three Ohio companies by the end of our ESP, which is May of 2024. And so beyond that, we kind of are continually evaluating how our costs stack up against our revenues to make judgments about if and when it would be appropriate to seek base rate cases.
Angie Storozynski: Okay, thank you.
Steve Strah: Thanks, Angie.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question here. Just wanted to clarify something, Jon, in your commentary, you mentioned removal of a material weakness, you know, driven by the actions you're taking on the governance front. Is that sort of audit-driven requirement? Or is that something that sort of you're working with in tandem with credit agencies?
Jon Taylor: Well, I would tell you that, this is Jon Taylor. We have two [Johns] [ph] on the call. So I'll take the first piece of it. And then if there's some follow-up, that John Somerhalder wants to add, we can do that as well. But I do think, you know, the material weakness is important to be remediated as part of our, you know steps around the culture and around the tone at the top, around governance and compliance. So I do think, you know, we spoke a little bit with the rating agencies about the plans around the material weaknesses, so I do think that's important to them. But also, I think what's important to them is just more broadly, you know, the enhancements that we want to make to the compliance program.
John Somerhalder: Yes, this is John Somerhalder, just to follow-up on that, you know, the set of recommendations and if you look in the FactBook on Pages 8 and 9, those are things that we're pursuing in combination with our subcommittee of the - compliance subcommittee of the Audit Committee. Those are the type of recommendations that address a number of issues related to having best-in-class compliance - ethics and compliance program. That's very important to us. We're putting a high priority on that, but then that will allow our internal yes that Jason and the internal folks as well as our external auditor to then work through the issues related to the material weakness. That's why we indicate that we have a plan both to implement those recommendations and deal with the material weakness that we anticipate will allow us to deal with the - remediate the material weakness by the time we file our fourth quarter Q or the K and announce our fourth quarter earnings.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood, thank you. Just a quick follow-up to that, is there sort of a - and I think you sort of touched on this in your prepared remarks, but is there sort of a roadmap or sort of boxes you need to check in terms of actions you need to take from a governance standpoint for the credit rating agencies to get more constructive? Have they shared sort of any qualitative or quantitative information with you to that effect?
Jon Taylor: Yes, we're working through that, Durgesh right now with them. I mean, I think they're going to want to see, you know, us institute some of these enhancements that we've laid out in the FactBook around governance and compliance. You know, as well as maybe some of the detailed controls that we've implemented around disbursements that we spoke of in our prepared remarks. You know, they want to be sure that this type of issue will not happen again, that we have the control structure, the culture to ensure that this type of issue will not happen again or that we built the controls and the culture that would prohibit that type of - those types of issues. So I think they'll be focused on those types of issues.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. Appreciate the color, guys. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Hey, good morning.
Steve Strah: Good morning.
Paul Patterson: Just on the - and I apologize for this. But the decoupling, it looked like it was a $0.10 impact on the quarter. And I was wondering if I was reading that correctly and just sort of can you walk us again through what the impact for the years supposed to be sort of?
Jon Taylor: Yes, so Paul, just if you think about last year, decoupling was implemented in the first quarter, so there was an adjustment in the first quarter to true up 2019 revenues to the decoupling level. So that was a piece of it. The other piece of it that was fairly significant was the fact that in 2020, the temperatures were very, very mild. And so the decoupling adjusted for the mild temperatures and the input - and the impact on load. And then a smaller piece was the lost distribution revenues that we - that we're not pursuing collection on. So that - those are the components that made up the $0.10, that kind of - it's like $0.04, $0.04, $0.02 kind of thing. I think, you know, going forward in the second quarter, you'll probably see a $0.03 headwind and then in the third quarter, it'll be a $0.04 headwind. And then obviously, when we get into the fourth quarter that's when we took the charge associated reversing all of that. And so that'll flip for us.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Okay, great. And then just back to the 501(c)(4)s stuff, is that - I wasn't clear whether or not the - how much of this was permanent or not? And part of the statement seems to be a pause on the PAC stuff. And then I just wasn't clear, is the 501(c)(4) policy that you guys are implementing, is that a - perceived to be a permanent impact more or less than? And if so, kind of, is there a benefit from in terms of just financially speaking in terms of not distributing that -
Steve Strah: Paul, the way I would put it, I'm sorry.
Paul Patterson: No, no you please go ahead, I apologize for that.
Steve Strah: The way I would put it is, that decision is currently under review with our company, you know, 501(c)(4)s, when you look at it, there's a societal benefit component to it in which you can help community-based organizations. The other component of it, the way I look at it is, the political end of that spectrum. And that's certainly an area that we are not going to participate in, period. So as we work this through, our going forward measure will be not to contribute to 501(c)(4)s.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And is there any - when we take all this stuff into account, what have you, is there any significant financial impact I've seen depending on different companies is of significant a number sometimes, is there a potential economic benefit that we could see as a result of this that's worth mentioning or is it still under -
Steve Strah: No, Paul, I would not look at it in that way. The way I would look at it is, look, we're going to continue to be an excellent corporate citizen in helping the communities and our customers in the areas in which we work and live with them. And that's the way I'm viewing our giving levels going forward like you know, a large part of it. So, there won't be a large financial impact or embedded savings, I would say.
Paul Patterson: Awesome. Thanks for the clarification. Thank you.
Steve Strah: Okay. Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question this morning comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman: Thank you for some bearing cleanup. Hey, just one question on transmission, your forecasted investment have found what $100 million [technical difficulty] one you lowered the bottom of the range [technical difficulty]. My question would be, is that reduction is project specific? Or is it - or do you want to see a little more clarity on some of the third cases? Is it balance sheet enhancement that's slowing down occasionally investment? Or I guess the fourth choice? Or maybe just all of the above, is it to do with the Biden plan of the $100 million in transmission and what impact or what opportunities that could create for the regulated transmission?
Jon Taylor: Yes. Charles, this is Jon. So you're right, that we did adjust some of the CapEx programs in transmission that was mainly associated with the FE Forward program that we're rolling out, some of that will impact transmission as we look to lower our overall cost structure and become more efficient as we transform the company. We will consider, you know, ramping up CapEx, you know, once we get clarity around the Department of Justice investigation and outcomes. So that's why we kind of took it off the bottom end of the range in those future years to give us a little bit of flexibility if we wanted to ramp up capital, you know, we could get more work done with less money.
Charles Fishman: Got it, okay. I understand the lowering the range 0.2 to 0.3, so $100 million this year, is that project specific stuff?
Jon Taylor: So it is - it's not necessarily project specific, but it is associated with restructuring some vendor contracts that we've had. We looked at some of the projects from a health perspective and decided to pull back a little bit until we run it through our new process around asset health modeling.
Charles Fishman: Okay, great. Excellent, real helpful. Thank you. That's all I have.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Strah for any final comments.
Steve Strah: Thank you. I'd like to thank everyone for being with us today and your continued support. Our leadership team is committed to transform - transforming FirstEnergy into an industry-leader that can deliver exceptional value to our customers and shareholders. And I hope everyone stays healthy and safe. And we'll talk to you all soon again. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-18 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp’s Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Irene Prezelj, Vice President of Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you, Ms. Prezelj, you may begin.
Irene Prezelj: Thank you. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year earnings call. Today, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other matters. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by these statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the Earnings Information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. The presentation that supports today’s discussion and other detailed information about the quarter can be found in the strategic and financial highlights documents on the FirstEnergy Investor Relations website. Participants in today’s call include our President and Acting Chief Executive Officer, Steve Strah; Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jon Taylor; and our Executive Director and Independent Board Member, Chris Pappas. We also have several other executives available to join us for the Q&A session. Now I’ll turn the call over to Steve.
Steven Strah: Thank you, Irene, and good morning, everyone. Before I get into our results, I wanted to kickoff the call with a few words on a critical area of focus for FirstEnergy. Taking appropriate action to address our recent challenges and fostering a strong culture of compliance, ethics and integrity. We are deeply committed to creating a culture in which compliance is endemic and second nature and where our leaders prioritize and encourage open and transparent communications with all of our stakeholders. This focus is absolutely essential for our success as an organization. Our commitment starts at the top and extends throughout the organization. We are working to ensure that every leader is actively engaged in setting the proper tone and creating an environment where not only our words, but our actions align with our core values and behaviors. We're building a world-class compliance function to underpin this effort, including bringing on Hyun Park as our new Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer in January. Hyun is the right person to step into this role at this time and he will be instrumental in driving this cultural shift. We will also be appointing a Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer who will manage a dedicated team of compliance professionals and enhance our efforts to improve our compliance function by shifting from a decentralized to a more centralized model. In addition, we'll be designated compliance ambassadors throughout the company to act as boots on the ground. Ensuring the entire organization understands the critical importance of compliance and what it means for each individual. We are also making significant changes in our approach to political and legislative engagement and advocacy. Our activity in this space will be much more limited than it has been in the past with closer alignment to our strategic goals and with additional oversight and significantly more robust disclosure. With this additional transparency my goal is to make it crystal clear exactly what efforts we support. These efforts together with enhanced policies and procedures will help to bring additional clarity around appropriate behaviors at FirstEnergy and through enhanced communications, training and most importantly our actions. We are dedicated to re-emphasizing that every employee at every level has the responsibility to consistently act in accordance with our core values and behaviors and to speak up if they see inappropriate behavior anywhere in the organization. At the same time we're taking decisive actions to rebuild our reputation and brand and focus on the future. This includes the decisions recently made with respect to Ohio that I'll talk about shortly. And while we don't control the timeline related to the DOJ and SEC we will continue to cooperate fully with these government investigations and remain focused on the matters that we can control. Chris will address a number of actions the Board has underway in a more detailed manner later in this call. But be assured that both management and the board will be relentless and take the steps needed to position our company for long-term success. Now turning to earnings today we reported 2020 GAAP earnings of $1.99 per share and operating earnings of $2.39 per share. On Tuesday, we announced several proactive steps we're taking to resolve a range of regulatory proceedings affecting our Ohio utilities. These include our previously announced agreement with the Ohio Attorney General along with a decision not to seek recovery of lost distribution revenues. This resulted in a charge of $0.15 per share in the fourth quarter. Absent this charge our 2020 operating earnings would have been $2.54 per share well above the midpoint of our most recent guidance range and reflective of our strong performance last year. While this was a difficult decision, we are confident it was the right decision. We believe resolving these matters in a comprehensive manner is a critical step to demonstrate our commitment to transparency and integrity in every aspect of our business while taking steps toward removing uncertainty relating to our current Ohio regulatory matters. And in the interest of providing additional transparency today's investor materials will include more information about regulatory ROEs in each of the states we serve. We remain excited about the significant investment opportunities that will continue to drive solid earnings and growth in the years ahead. When we have further clarity in Ohio and with the ongoing government investigations we intend to resume providing a long-term growth rate that should be consistent with traditional utility growth rates and similar to what we have provided in the past. For now, we are focusing on this year and we have introduced 2021 operating earnings guidance of $2.40 to $2.60 per share. We have made these disclosures early so you would have time to absorb them before this call, because we have a lot of ground to cover today including our solid operational performance last year even in the face of the pandemic. Our strategy for 2021 and beyond including our commitment to building shareholder value and the work we're doing to position the company for the future. Our fundamental performance continues to be excellent. We continued making demonstrable progress on our strategic goals and we had an exceptional year from a safety perspective. Even with about half of our employees working from home and the others adopting new health and safety protocols, the FirstEnergy team has remained laser focused on providing safe and reliable service to our 6 million customers. I am deeply proud of the team's resilience and commitment, especially in light of the turbulence that marked the year. Our results in 2020 reflect our commitment to strong operations as well as the stability provided by our diverse footprint and our wires focused platform. Last year, we also successfully executed our plan to invest $3 billion in our distribution and transmission system as we continued our reliability in grid mod program to benefit customers. We believe a robust long-term organic growth opportunities are well aligned with the focus on electrification and the critical role the grid plays in supporting the transition to a carbon neutral economy. These opportunities and our goals that support them are included in our strategic plan published last month and available on our website. I hope you have taken some time to review it. This updated plan addresses our unwavering commitment to transparency and accountability and identifies bold goals for key areas of our business. These goals are aligned with our core values and behaviors, our regulatory strategy and our commitments to our customers, communities and investors as well as the environmental stewardship. Among these objectives outlined in the plan is our pledge to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050. This ambitious goal reflects our transformation to a regulated electric utility and our responsibility to help create a sustainable energy future. The strategic plan also addresses our continued commitment to build a more diverse and inclusive workplace. We've had a D&I focused KPI for three years now and we are taking even more aggressive steps to make progress in this area. We're excited to pursue a 30% increase in our number of racially and ethnically underrepresented employees by 2025 both overall and at the supervisor and above level. We believe this will help accelerate our transformation into an innovative, diverse and sustainable company and drive an important shift in our corporate culture. We recently completed our fourth company-wide survey of all employees. Overall, I'm proud to say we scored relatively well on many fronts, but we certainly have more work to do. One area identified for improvement is listening and valuing the opinions of our employees. We want employees to feel empowered to voice their opinion on important issues and my team with guidance and support from the board of directors is addressing this head on. We view this work is central to strengthening our compliance program and a culture of ethics, integrity and accountability. I'd like to explain my approach to driving this change and perhaps we can use the company's safety culture as an analogy. Several years ago, we had concerns that our safety culture was trending in the wrong direction. Management led a significant effort with our employees to put in place new programs and training and to consistently demonstrate that safety is and will always be an unwavering core value. These efforts ultimately instituted a cultural shift in how we all understood the critical importance of safety. We want that very same cultural shift to occur as it relates to compliance and ethics and we want our employees to know that we value and welcome their opinions. As we look ahead, I feel confident in our path forward. We have a strong foundation. Our fundamentals are solid and our strategies are proven. And we are building on that with the relentless focus on making FirstEnergy a better company as we work to rebuild trust, work to achieve financial results and deliver for our customers and investors. We recognize the changes won't happen overnight. They happen over time just like the evolution in our safety culture I spoke about earlier. I'm confident we will emerge a stronger, better FirstEnergy. Now, I'll turn it over to Chris Pappas who can address the specific and significant actions that the board and management are taking to address the current challenges and set FirstEnergy on the right path for a successful future.
Christopher Pappas: Thank you, Steve. First, I'd like to reiterate the board's strong support of Steve and recognize the hard work he and the rest of the team are doing. We commend their willingness to learn from the past and their absolute commitment to take this company forward on a new path all while executing the company's strategy and keeping operations and financial results on solid footing. The board and management team are focused on a critical objective to move forward from the past actions of certain former executives and to take the steps necessary to improve the tone at the top, culture of ethics and integrity and the way we do business. Steve talked about a lot of the important work that is being driven by the new management team. Likewise the board is committed to strengthening every part of FirstEnergy’s culture and taking the necessary steps to reestablish credibility. Together, we have made much progress on the issues that confronted the company several months ago. And at the same time we recognized there is more work to do. I'd like to recap some of the steps that the board has been actively engaged in to drive improvements in our culture of compliance. First the board promptly put in place an independent committee with external counsel to oversee the internal investigation and to monitor the status of the various regulatory and legal matters facing the company. The independent committee which currently is made up of the entire board meets frequently and regularly. The board acted swiftly in removal of five executives, name Steve Straw as acting CEO, establish an Executive Director role and expanded the role of the board chair. All to assist management and the board with the dynamics we faced in the first months of the investigation. The board unequivocally endorsed the principle of full cooperation with both the DOJ and the SEC on the matters related to the investigation. And through our own internal investigation led by independent counsel has supported intensive analysis. The board established a compliance oversight subcommittee of the audit committee with independent counsel and leading compliance advisors to analyze and improve the compliance policy and culture at FirstEnergy. Steve mentioned some initial output from this work earlier. In addition the board established a number of working groups to oversee and support various work streams including communications, recruiting and financial flexibility. And to that point, management has initiated a project called FirstEnergy forward a transformational effort to change the way the company does business. The objective of this project is to transform the company for the future, but it will also provide near-term financial flexibility. Jon will discuss this later on the call. We know there is particular interest in the status of the internal investigation. Hopefully, my earlier comments give you a sense of the intensity and the magnitude of the work that has occurred within the company and with the benefit of extensive external independent support. Our internal investigation continues to be thorough and robust and includes assistance from external law firms who are supported by several other consultants. The ongoing investigation has not resulted in any new material items not previously disclosed. In the course of the internal investigation, we did identify certain transactions, which in some instances extended back 10 years or more, including vendor services that were either improperly classified, misallocated to certain of utility or transmission companies or lacked proper supporting documentation. These transactions resulted in amounts collected from customers that were immaterial to FirstEnergy and our utility and transmission companies will be working with the appropriate regulatory agencies to address these amounts. Our internal investigation will also continue to address any due developments in connection with the ongoing DOJ and SEC investigations. More importantly, we are increasing our focus on another critical aspect of our work moving FirstEnergy forward. The fresh perspective of Hyun Park and a new Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer will be invaluable to creating an environment where the entire team is committed to embracing the right behaviors and embedding a strong culture of compliance. To further that effort, we also announced this morning that we have hired John Somerhalder as Vice Chairman of the Board. It is my pleasure to welcome John to the board in his new role. He will also join the executive team on a transitional basis as executive director and act in advisory capacity to support efforts to achieve the company's priorities, restore its reputation and strengthen its overall governance and compliance functions. John is a 40-year industry executive with extensive energy experience in navigating complex challenges and driving strong corporate governance. Bringing John into this full time role means that I will step back from the executive director position, I've held since October and return to my regular duties as an independent board member by April 1. And importantly, we will continue to fully support the management team as it transitions FirstEnergy to the future as a more resilient company. Despite the challenges, the company has faced, FirstEnergy’s operating fundamentals are strong and we have a great platform of assets. Together, we have put in place a robust plan to move forward and to position FirstEnergy as an industry leader; one we know it can be and one that we’ll deliver excellent value to its customers and shareholders. We look forward to working together alongside with management in this effort. Now we'll turn the call over to Jon Taylor for a financial update.
Jon Taylor: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Today I’ll review our financial results and expectations and provide an update on several other financial matters. This morning we reported fourth quarter GAAP earnings of $0.45 per share with operating earnings of $0.32 per share. Our operating results include the charge at our Ohio utilities as Steve mentioned earlier absent this charge our results reflect continued rate based growth related to our transmission and distribution investment programs a favorable mix of customer usage reflecting the impact of our residential customers staying at home and higher expenses mostly associated with the pandemic. Additional fourth quarter data is available in the supporting materials on our website. So in light of our lengthy agenda for this call I'm going to focus on our results for the full year of 2020. As Steve mentioned we reported 2020 GAAP earnings of a $1.99 per share and operating earnings of $2.39 per share which compared to 2019 GAAP results of a $1.70 per share and operating earnings of $2.55 per share. In our distribution business in addition to the $0.15 charge at our Ohio utilities results for 2020 as compared to 2019 reflect the absence of rider DMR in Ohio which was in place for the first half of 2019 and higher operating costs. These were partially offset by higher revenues from increased residential usage as well as earnings from our distribution enhancement programs. Although total weather adjusted sales decreased 2% in 2020. Normal usage from our residential customers increased 5% for the year, which from an earnings perspective more than offset the 6% decrease in commercial and industrial load. While this shift has moderated as a pandemic wears on, we have seen higher weather adjusted residential usage relative to our latest forecast in the 2% to 4% range with flat to slightly higher CNI usage. In our transmission business, approximately $550 million in rate base growth drove stronger results which were partially offset by higher financing costs. The impact of transmission rate true ups in the absence of tax benefits recognized in 2019. And finally at our corporate segment full year 2020 results primarily reflect higher corporate expenses, higher interest costs and a lower consolidated tax rate. Today, we are providing 2021 operating earnings guidance of $2.40 to $2.60 per share and first quarter operating earnings guidance in the range of $0.62 to $0.72 per share. Our expectations for the year include capital investments of up to $3 billion with 100% of the $1.2 billion in transmission investment and approximately 40% of the $1.7 billion in distribution investment being recovered in a formula rate. Our transmission plan includes continue expansion of our Energizing the Future program. In New Jersey, we filed an uncontested settlement agreement with FERC on February 2 in our forward-looking formula rate case. In New Jersey, we found an uncontested settlement agreement with FERC on February 2 in our forward-looking formula rate case. In December, FERC accepted our proposed tariff revisions for the transmission assets of West Penn Power, Mon Power and Potomac Edison as well as the new Keystone Appalachian Transmission Company known as KATCO pending the outcome of this settlement and hearing process. Those entities moved to a forward looking formula rate structure effective January 1st of this year, subject to refund. Other key drivers for 2021 include the impact from the base distribution case at JCP&L, continued investment in our distribution enhancement programs and lower operating costs. We expect these drivers to be partially offset by higher interest expense, which includes close to $0.04 per share associated with the step up on $4 billion of holding company bonds and $0.05 per share associated with our revolver borrowings that I'll address in a moment. Additionally, our load forecast has a more typical usage profile for our residential customers and a slower recovery to pre-pandemic levels for our CNI customers. Equity remains a part of our overall financing plan and we are affirming our plan to issue up to $600 million in equity annually in 2022 and 2023 and we will flex these plans as needed. We remain committed to maintaining adequate liquidity for our distribution and transmission subsidiaries. At year end, our liquidity was approximately $3 billion with $1.7 billion of cash on hand and $1.3 billion of undrawn capacity under our credit facilities. We currently have $2.2 billion of short-term borrowings of which approximately $2.1 billion was incurred in November as a proactive measure to increase our cash position to preserve financial flexibility. And we have committed to our bank group that as we work through our financing plan we expect to reduce short-term borrowings with the timing and amount depending on a number of factors. Our current maturities of long-term debt remain manageable with only $74 million maturing in 2021. We remain in close contact with the rating agencies who are intensely focused on governance and the actions we are taken to strengthen our compliance environment and controls, improving our credit metrics at FirstEnergy while committed – committing to return to investment grade as quickly as possible and maintaining the strong credit ratings that our utilities are key priorities. We are targeting future FFO to debt metrics in the 12% to 13% range at the consolidated level as we work to address some of the uncertainties that Chris and Steve mentioned. We know how important the dividend continues to be for our investors. In accordance with our target payout ratio of 55% to 65% the board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.39 in December payable March 1. And as we mentioned on our third quarter call, our intent is to hold the 2021 dividend flat to the 2020 level of $1.56 per share subject to ongoing board review and approval. The board will obviously need to consider the entire landscape of the investigation process before each quarterly dividend is declared. Finally, Chris mentioned that we kicked off a project ETI4 that I see transforming FirstEnergy into a more efficient and effective industry leader delivering superior customer value and shareholder returns, in partnership with McKinsey employees across FirstEnergy our challenging organizational traditions, conventional wisdom and cultural norms. At the same time, we are focused on modernizing our management practices processes in digital and technology platforms to deliver a superior customer experience and a much more nimble organization for the future. While we view this as a transformational effort, we expect to naturally deliver efficiencies that will help us address whatever comes on our way in the future while meeting all of our regulatory commitments. Beyond these benefits we expect that this transformation will provide us the ability to reinvest in our business, our customers and our employees to become a better technology enabled leader in the industry, committed to innovation, investments in emerging technologies and to support a smarter and cleaner electric grid. While this project is not the only step in our journey, it's a critical one. The eight week information gathering phase of the project included intense and robust employee engagement to better understand how we work and how we can do it better through the use of more modern technology, digital and mobility tools and the use of data and analytics. As we enter into the next phase of this effort we will again engage employees throughout the company to review and assess each opportunity and build out the plans to transform FirstEnergy. Over the next few months, we will build out specific actions for the future which we look forward to sharing.
Christopher Pappas: Before we open up the call to Q&A, we wanted to provide a recent update which we disclosed in our 10-K this morning. We received a letter dated February 16 2021 from Icahn Capital informing the company that Carl Icahn is making a filing under the Hart Scott Rodino Act and has an intention to acquire voting securities of FirstEnergy an amount exceeding $184 million but less than $920 million depending on various factors including market conditions. We do not know whether Carl Icahn and his affiliates have acquired shares of FirstEnergy common stock and/or derivatives and we do not know his intentions with respect to our company. The letter represents our only contact with Icon Capital and we don’t have any additional information to share. With that, we can open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question is from the line of Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim. Please proceed with your questions.
Unidentified Analyst: It's actually James for Shahriar. So just on FE 4, if we could start off about that last point, can you give us any color on maybe the size of the scope and some of the potential efficiencies that you're trying to identify especially sort of kind of coming off with FE small still lot to stake?
Jon Taylor: Yes, that's correct James. And as I mentioned we view this as a as a transformational effort. And if you think about our company, we've not had a lot of investment in the technology areas. In fact I think we've kind of starved that area to a certain extent. And for instance modern investments around mobility, use of data and analytics that we see could drive a lot of value for the company. In some instance, I would tell you that we're operating on late 1990s and early 2000 vintage platforms. And so, we see a lot of opportunity for efficiency in fact, integration of systems, digital tools to drive efficiencies, use of automation and data analytics around asset health, maintenance work, whether it be repair, replace decisions vegetation management programs, procurement and so we're excited about the opportunity. We just finished phase 1 of the project and I think our employees are very excited. I think they see this as a real opportunity. And the amount of opportunity was meaningful enough to go into phase 2. And so, we'll be building out the blueprints in phase 2 and then as we make progress will continue to provide updates.
Steven Strah: Yes, I would just add Jon I think that's a great run down. From my perspective, this project is not only looking at the ability to promote greater financial flexibility, but I think it's a real prime time opportunity for us now that we're a fully regulated electric utility to keep the customer in the middle of our focus also. And I think this project will represent opportunities just as Jon outlined to keep the customer in the middle of the mission and improve customer service ultimately.
Unidentified Analyst: And then I guess just turning to the 2021 guide, the flexibility in the CapEx program, can you just provide a little bit more detail on where that is? And if you wind up flexing it because what is the plan to revisit that foregone spend in future years would primarily be in 2022 that - just a function of financing it any color there?
Jon Taylor: I think we have flexibility in most all of our programs. I mean you think about it $3 billion across 13 utility and transmission companies there's obviously opportunities across the spectrum. And so, I think it's kind of a wait and see mode, but I do think there are some opportunities for us to be more efficient. And if we need to scale back we can do that, but that's something that will address down the line.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And I guess where should, we expect to start standing up new projects in KATCo?
Jon Taylor: I think as early as this year. I mean we're spending some money this year in KATCo or excuse me, not KATCo, but the territory West Penn, Mon Power and Potomac Edison that's where we're spending the money. But I think KATCo would probably be a little bit further down the line.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Steven Fleishman: So first of all, could you just repeat the comments that you just made regarding this Icahn letter that you received?
Jon Taylor: Oh yes. We received the letter from Icahn. It was dated February 16. It expressed his intentions to buy securities of FirstEnergy and that's pretty much all we know at this point time.
Steven Strah: Yes, Steve, we thought it was noteworthy and that's why we're just being open and transparent about it, can't really comment as Jon said, we just don't know enough at this point. But look we just reviewed many very good actions that the Board and management have taken together. As we work as a team completely through our current challenges and we're just going to continue to do the right thing in open and transparent way and that's going to be to the benefit of all shareholders.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. Second question is the things that you found about these transactions that were improperly classified but were immaterial. Was there certain kind of - types of transactions here that were improperly classified? So are these like a lot related to let's say like lobbying or government affairs or is it a whole bunch of different things?
Christopher Pappas: Hi, Steve hi, it's Chris Pappas. So we found as noted in the comments a relatively small amount of variety of transactions, over a long period of time, we mentioned up to 10 years and in some cases beyond. So the context for this that I think is important is we have taken an extensive deep analysis of all kinds of transactions in the company that includes the zones you're describing, it could be lobbying political, it could be contracts with vendors a whole variety of things. And in that process we identified some transactions that were improperly characterized, allocated, not supported, small amounts, not material and those amounts will now be in discussion with the jurisdictions where they occurred through a regulatory group. And they will be managed going forward through that process. So I want to leave you with one impression a lot of work an extensive amount of deep analysis and a limited amount of findings as a result of that essentially in the arenas that I described.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. But you can't characterize kind of the type of whether these were all kind of similar type things?
Christopher Pappas: No - well, they range from what I described. They could be a vendor payment that was inappropriately allocated. They could be - a lobbying effort that was inappropriately allocated. There are a whole variety of small items like that. It's not focused in one area or otherwise. And these are small items over a long period of time that will need to be corrected.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then lastly just the - release you put out two days ago there was besides some offering to not charge for the energy efficiency recovery. You also basically kind of gave an olive branch so to speak to all parties to try to have discussions on all the various regulatory issues in Ohio that are pending. Do you have any sense of reaction to that and/or any sense that other parties are interested in negotiating with you right now?
Steven Strah: Yes, Steve I would just say in general we're taking a new and fresh approach to Ohio. It's one of collaboration in creating a more constructive environment. And it's really around listening and learning in terms of not only the regulators views but all of our stakeholders. And the first step was to forego the lost distribution revenue issue. It was consistent with the partial settlement that we arrived at with the Ohio Attorney General and we felt as though it was the right thing to do. And this idea of taking the known items that are on our collective agenda in Ohio and bundling them together in a collaborative process is really what we're aiming at here. And I'm going to turn it over to Eileen Mikkelsen to give us a sense of a dialogue that we have heard at a very high level and then any other color commentary if you will you'd like to lend.
Eileen Mikkelsen: Thanks Steve, good morning, everyone. It's Eileen Mikkelsen and I'm Vice President of Rates and Regulatory Affairs. As Steve mentioned, we have begun the process of outreach to various regulatory stakeholders in the state of Ohio trying to express to them our interest in moving forward in a clear transparent cohesive fashion, but also taking time to listen, listen to what is important to the various regulatory stakeholders and using that listening exercise to collectively craft a solution that will move us forward for our customers and for the state of Ohio as well as the company. In terms of early returns, I think folks are very interested in moving forward with this process. As you might expect their enthusiasm is tempered a bit by let's wait and see. We have to put our money where our mouth is in terms of our ability to listen and work collectively with these people. And we're willing to run the gates to do that in order to gain the trust and support of the stakeholders in order to move us forward in the regulatory process here in Ohio.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So perhaps let me try and clarity couple of points from the last couple questions here. So first, can you try to summarize what's reflecting your 2021 guidance with respect to the cost cutting efforts that you just alluded to? And I know that transitory, but I just want to understand in 2021 and what that means for 2022 because obviously there is cost cutting, there is potentially paying down the revolver here. And then also more holistically how do you think about balance sheet improvement here when you talk about flexibility et cetera? What can we expect to overall latitude in the form of the balance sheet for whatever we may have?
Jon Taylor: So Julien this is Jon. So I would tell you that we don't have anything in the current plan related to FE forward. We view this more as a transformational effort that's going to take some time. It could take two to three years. There could be some opportunities for some quick wins. But we don't have anything currently baked into our 2021 plan. There could be a little bit of upside. I'm not going to commit to that right now. But as we work through the next phase of this project we will see if there is opportunity to accelerate some of the opportunities or we just let it flow naturally through the course of the program. But again I don't view this as a cost cutting exercise. I view this more of a transformational effort that's really focused on creating efficiencies for the long-term.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. And then on the balance sheet, how would you describe the - your creating padding if you will through this and other efforts?
Jon Taylor: Well I mean I think as you know if we are able to create efficiencies through the P&L obviously that's credit positive. So, we can look for those types of opportunities. It might scale back some of the CapEx in terms of being more efficient in the work we do, but at the end of the day, the plan is going to be to reinvest some of those dollars into our customers, our employees and for emerging technology type of investments and to support kind of a renewable type of grid. And so, it's not going to be dollar for dollar efficiencies. It's going to be efficiencies used to reinvest in our business whether that be employees or customers.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Understood Excellent. If I can just jump in and clarify the last response [technical difficulty] out there right now. How do you think about bringing stakeholders together to get some resolution. I mean obviously you've got to deal with each one of these, but could there be something more comprehensive and if so what would that look like. Again, I'm not presuming that there is.
Irene Prezelj: It's Irene and thanks for the question. I think what we intend to do is you're right there are a number of open proceedings in Ohio, but as I mentioned earlier, what we intend to do is the first step in this process is really listen, listen to the various stakeholders to understand what their interest is, what their concerns if any are with respect to the regulatory construct. And I would say that includes open proceedings, but it includes whatever is of interest to the regulatory stakeholders. We want to sweep all of that into one big process. I will say it is not our intention to step away from or interrupt any of the work that's currently going on from the commission proceedings whether it's the show cause proceeding or the corporate separation proceeding or the audit of DMR. We expect that work to continue. We will fully participate and cooperate in that work. But on a parallel path, we want to be working with all these parties to understand what's important to them and what we can do collectively to move this issue forward in the state of Ohio.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your questions.
Durgesh Chopra: Jon, first one for you, just going back to the balance sheet, just can you quantify your FFO to debt as of 2020 this past year and what does it look like in 2021 under your current plan?
Jon Taylor: So I think we were around 10% at the end of 2020 if I got credit for the cash that we had on the balance sheet. I think we're going to be a little bit north of that this year. But that's going to improve over time as we issue the equity as we look to implement FE forward and so we're targeting sometime once we get through some of these uncertainties in the 12% to 13% range. That is our target for our go forward plan.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Okay. So 2020 plus is when you expect to be in that 12% to 13% range, understood. Okay. And maybe just anything you may not be able to comment on this, but just can you give us any more color on that under federal investigation process. Where does that stand? Are you exchanging information or answering that question? Just any other color would be appreciated? Thank you.
Steven Strah: Well, this is Steve. Oh I'm sorry. Go ahead, Chris.
Christopher Pappas: Okay. Steve, you need to follow-up.
Steven Strah: Sure.
Christopher Pappas: So the short answer is we're still cooperating. Look we have taken the approach from the beginning that cooperating with both the DOJ and the SEC and in full cooperation is the right approach. We have done a number of things to support that and we'll continue to do that. Otherwise we really can't comment any further. I would however say that the cooperation is just one of the cornerstones of the shift and change in this company that Steve and others are driving. And I hope you're getting that impression more broadly not just around the cooperation, but more broadly around the dynamics of compliance improvement, the activities of the board, the bringing on of a new executive director and vice chair with extensive experience in the energy and utility space. John Somerhalder who will be a great add, the bringing on of Hume Park, the eventual onboarding of a new compliance and ethics officer, the changes that the company is making and its compliance and ethics program as part of the work of the subcommittee of the audit committee. All of these things in concert are moving the company forward in a way that FirstEnergy is going to emerge from this as we think stronger and different and better company. So I'd like you to keep all that in mind as you guys think about the dynamics going on there. Steve go ahead.
Steven Strah: Chris, I think really you summarized it very well there. So, I can speak in particularly for the management team, we’re very excited to bring Jon on with his deep and long experience and we’re just really very excited to get started.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. And certainly we do appreciate and thanks for the added disclosure in the appendix. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to pick up with the discovered deficiencies, and could you provide which states these materialized in if they're outside Ohio as well as and do you expect these findings to represent the full extent of important deficiencies here or could there still be more?
Christopher Pappas: Hi, Jeremy, Chris. So look as we said extensive deep long work long time frame work small amounts, the majority of it is in Ohio but there are small amounts in other states. All of those will be addressed by Eileen and her team. We believe in a constructive manner with those jurisdictions. They're very small amounts. We don't expect them to have an impact on the company.
Jeremy Tonet: And I was just wondering if you might be able to provide any more kind of early feedback you've gotten on some of the recent steps you've taken here. It seems like quite comprehensive overall. Do you think these are enough to mitigate concerns over internal practices while we wait for the resolution of the investigations here and have the agencies giving you any feedback on these recent measures?
Steven Strah: Well, all I can say is we're in touch with the agencies regularly and Agency regularly and we are continuing our work. We have done a lot of work and we'll continue our work. I'm not going to predict timing or outcome of either our internal continued work or the course of federal work. But yes, to your question are we working with them closely on these activities, of course.
Jon Taylor: So Jeremy this is Jon. I had a little bit of color there. So, we've been meeting with the agencies every month for the past and I'm talking about the rating agencies for the past several months. I think the meetings have been very productive. We’ve had Chris on the call a couple of different times, their focus is on governance compliance and we've been providing them updates as we make progress. I think the meetings have been very constructive and I feel although they're positive meetings, but I think they're still in kind of a wait and see mode. And I think they want to see the changes in action before they consider any type of ratings change or outlook change and I think they also want to see how this investigation plays out. So, we're going to continue to meet with them on a regular basis and update them on our progress. But I think so far the meetings have been very constructive, have been very open and very transparent.
Jeremy Tonet: And any other early feedback from other stakeholders in response to actions you’re taking here.
Steven Strah: I think in general if you would look at the regulators that we have approached there is a thankfulness by them relative to us reaching out in a very transparent manner on issues of interest. So, once again, we as a company are going to continue to take what I would call a no surprises approach and I think that's being received very, very well. I think as Chris had talked through in his prepared remarks, the board has taken comprehensive and decisive action in a number of different ways. And I think from the various stakeholders that we've been in touch with the feedback certainly has been very good. There is a difference however between talking about creating change and then being that change. And that's exactly what we're in the process converting words into action and there will be more.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Paul Fremont with Mizuho. Please proceed with your questions.
Paul Fremont: I wanted to focus on a change in language between the current 10-K and the last 10-Q on the $4 million termination payment. You basically say you believe that the payments under the consulting agreement now may have been for the purposes other than those represented within the consulting agreement. Can you maybe elaborate a little bit on that? And is this $4 million payment included in the accounting classifications that you mentioned earlier?
Hyun Park: So Paul, this is Hyun Park, the company's new COO. What I would say is that as these investigations proceed, we learn more and we understand more. And as we do so we update our disclosure and the language that's in the Form 10-K is it reflects our current understanding of that situation. So, I'll just refer you to the Form 10-K and the rest of the disclosure in there.
Paul Fremont: And does this fall within sort of the accounting payments that are under review or that are being reclassified?
Jon Taylor: Yes. Paul, this is Jon. The $4 million was part of the analysis that Chris spoke of earlier.
Steven Strah: But I would just say for sake of clarity that if we talk about a nominal payment amount that doesn't necessarily equate to the amount that would have been included in customer rates. There's a whole rate making process and timing around that that really translates the nominal dollar amount that we're talking about relative to the payment into what would actually landed in customer rates.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions.
Stephen Byrd: I wanted to start just as you think about your equity needs over time in terms of just your overall approach. I guess if you were to sell just common stock at the current level, it's obviously very dilutive given the very low multiple. We've seen other utilities approach raising capital and in pretty interesting ways in much more accretive ways for example, selling the minority stake and in some divisions. Looks like there is tremendous amount of appetite among sort of infrastructure investors to own pieces of utilities. As you think about, I know you don’t about eminent needs, but as you think conceptually about your approach to raising equity, or do you sort of open to different approaches, are you sort of open to different approaches, what are your thoughts in terms of what might be the range of options and what might look more or less attractive to you?
Jon Taylor: Yes. Stephen, this is Jon. I think we’re open to different approaches and in fact we look at that quite regularly. I would tell you – I think you’re referring to the duke asset sale…
Stephen Byrd: That’s right.
Jon Taylor: I would say that first of all we like our platform of companies and we believe each of our companies is uniquely situated to provide investment opportunities to better serve customers and provide growth in earnings and operating cash flow. I think there is going to be a significant investment opportunities at each of these companies that are going to be important to our success but yes we’ve looked at that transaction that appears to be successful transaction for Duke and it's a very interesting transaction. So we've looked at those types of things in the past and for us it just hasn't worked primarily due to tax leakage. But I understand the minority interest piece. But in our normal assessment of our strategy, we look at those types of - we look at those types of things.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. And tax leakage might not be as much of an issue in the minority stakes situation Jon, is that right?
Jon Taylor: That's right.
Stephen Byrd: One last one just for me, just on the lobbying side, I appreciate the approach that you are all taking - my understanding is more limited activity, more disclosure. It's been a challenge for us to follow lobbying activity not just for FirstEnergy, but for others around the 501(c)(4) structure, there is virtually no visibility. Could you just talk to sort of what you said more disclosure, what could we expect in terms of money given the 501(c)(4) is how do we sort of get confidence as to what money is going where?
Jon Taylor: Well, good question. Just so we're clear on our current approach. Under my leadership, we made some significant changes immediately. So we’ve seized all political contributions and we’re evaluating what our path forward will be when playing in that space I would say. And then also includes 501c(4)s. You can count on us not contributing to any 501c(4) that is politically focused and that’s going to form the basis of our activity going forward. So what we’re doing we’re working internally, and we’re working with our Board of Directors to get clarity around what our internal expectations are, what our philosophy and pathway will be moving ahead. And the way I look at it we're going to get involved in items of this kind in which we could look at every employee directly in the eye and explain the why behind the what - of what we're doing in this arena. So what we're working on at least from our standpoint is that great reduction in 501c(4) giving anyway. So it's going to be a nonfactor for us. And then secondly we're going to be working with the subcommittee of our audit committee from a compliance standpoint to make sure that we have the reporting that we need internally that will satisfy us and then we'll work to form something that we will publish in our FactBook and - and in other areas. That's our current thinking.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your questions.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So I have two questions. One about the FFO to their expectations, your equity needs are unchanged, your earnings in Ohio are down, so how can you maintain the same FFO to that?
Jon Taylor: Well, I think as we invest in our transmission business and these distribution enhancement programs, it naturally generates FFO. And so, even in our plant not every Ford and our current equity plan, we continue to trend upwards from the 10% we’re at now. So, as we continue to invest in these programs, we manage our cost internally, that should naturally provide for higher FFO to debt.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And separately on electric transmission, it seems like FERC will be making some changes to competitive transmission. You guys have a very sizeable electric transmission network, do you think that any changes order 1,000 or actually basically accelerate growth prospects for this business and also with regards to potential asset sales I understand the tax leakage, but would the sale of the transmission business a parts of it also have this issue with the tax basis given that this business seems newer and so I would assume that the tax basis is much higher. Thank you.
Jon Taylor: Angie from our view point, any work that FERC is doing on FERC 1000 we’re staying plugged into and collaborating where we need to. But right now our operating posture going forward will be to continue to maximize investments and improve reliability in our transmission system on our own native footprint. And as we’ve explained in prior calls, we literally have multiple decades of investment opportunities there for us. We will have our complete transmission system overtime and formulate our grades. And we view it as a an excellent growth platform for our company, but I would also want to emphasize that we have clearly improved reliability for those areas are energizing the future transmission program is focused on, in particular in terms of reducing customer outages and in some cases by 50%. So, we’ll let FERC continue their work. But currently, our current business plan is solid once again we have a great and diverse footprint to move investments around. And that's what you can count on us for moving ahead.
Steven Strah: And Angie to your second question, if you look at FET the tax basis is probably lower than you think because of bonus depreciation and dividends and that type of thing. So, the transaction that Stephen was mentioning wouldn't even trigger a tax consequence just because you're selling a minority share. But if you were to sell a bigger share, it would have some tax consequences.
Operator: Our final question this morning is from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael Lapides: Thank you for taking my questions and it sounds like you're making a lot of progress on a lot of change over a short period of time. I have a few. First of all, in your 2021 guidance, are you incorporating a step up in kind of G&A costs I mean obviously the various law firms, external advisors like McKinsey, I would assume they aren’t free, so I assume that’s a little bit of headwind if it’s possible to quantify it. That’s the first question. The second question is a little bit on pension funding requirements. There’s detail in the back of the slide deck. I just want to sanity check. Are you commenting am I reading this right that the cash pension funding requirement as of now is actually a little bit less than some of your maybe your disclosure at this time last year?
Jon Taylor: Michael, this is Jon. So you're correct. It's about $100 million lower in 2022 and 2023. I think it went from $500 million to $400 million. And that's primarily attributable to the asset performance this year. We had tremendous asset performance in our pension portfolio close to 15% and so that reduced the funding obligation for those years. With respect to your question around costs, I actually think we're going to see costs decline. Operating costs decline year-over-year because we're not anticipating as much what I'll call pandemic costs that we incurred in 2020. If you think about all the personal protective equipment all the contractors and bad debt expense for our receivables that we incurred in 2020, although we expect that to continue at summary, but not to the rate that we saw in 2020. So I actually think you'll see a stop a step down in our G&A costs.
Michael Lapides: Got it. So G&A down year-over-year when I think about the 2020 to 2021 bridge?
Jon Taylor: That's correct.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then one last thing, it hadn't really come up on this call. Can you talk about the process Steve for the seat docket and what you're hearing if anything as you kind of prep up for that process to ramp again starting this spring?
Steven Strah: Yes. So Michael I would just say that is an open docketed item and just as we had mentioned earlier we're going to take a very open and collaborative approach on that. And for a further view I'd like to just turn it to Irene.
Irene Prezelj: Thanks, Steve. I would say that currently were scheduled to file testimony in that proceeding March 1st. But I would add that the consumer advocate in Ohio has asked for a procedural stay on that process pending legislative outcome. So we're waiting to see how the commission acts on that. But as Steve said, this is one of the many proceedings that we want to address in a collaborative transparent fashion with our stakeholders and intend to do so.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And it’s there history and prior seat dockets have coming to a settlement like agreement with the various parties including PUCO staff?
Irene Prezelj: Yes. We have reached settlement in prior seat cases.
Operator: Thank you. At this time I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Strah for closing comments.
Steven Strah: Thank you very much. I wanted to thank everybody for joining today and your continued support. Thanks for your questions and your insights. Our performance in 2020 was solid. This year we're committed to continuing that very strong focus in performance and operations while we're hard at work transforming FirstEnergy for the future and continuing to deliver value for our customers and shareholders. So thank you very much for joining us today. I wish all of you to be healthy and safe during this pandemic period and all the best to you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to FirstEnergy Corporation Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Irene Prezelj, Vice President of Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you. Ms. Prezelj, you may begin.
Irene Prezelj: Good morning, everyone and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Today, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies and prospects. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the Earnings Information Link and in our SEC filings. I would also call your attention to a new risk factor that is included in the 8-K, we filed this morning. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on the FirstEnergy Investor Relations website along with the presentation, which supports today's discussion. Participants in today's call include our Executive Director, Chris Pappas; Acting Chief Executive Officer, Steve Strah; and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jon Taylor. We also have several other executives available to join us for the Q&A session. For those of you who do not know Chris, he has been an independent member of the FirstEnergy Board since 2011, and he retired in 2019 as President and Chief Executive Officer of Trinseo S.A.  I'll turn it over now to Chris.
Christopher Pappas: Thank you, Irene, and good morning, everyone. I appreciate the opportunity to participate in today's call. I'm going to start out by discussing the leadership transition the company announced last week, my role with the company and the Board's governance efforts. First, I will note that the DOJ investigation prompted a number of shareholder and customer lawsuits, and we are also responding to a subpoena we received from the SEC on September 2. Related to the investigation in the FirstEnergy by the SEC Division of Enforcement, we are cooperating with the DOJ and the SEC. During the course of our internal review related to the ongoing government investigation regarding House Bill 6, the independent review committee of the Board determined that three executives violated certain FirstEnergy policies and its code of conduct. When we determined that employee conduct is inconsistent with our policy and values, no matter how senior the individual, we have a duty to take action, and that is what we have done here. As a result, FirstEnergy announced on Thursday that CEO, Chuck Jones, along with Dennis Chack, Senior Vice President of Product Development, Marketing and Branding, and Mike Dowling, Senior Vice President of External Affairs were all terminated effective immediately. Concurrently, Steve Strah, who many of you know from his roles as FirstEnergy's President and previously CFO was appointed acting CEO. Steve has the experience, credibility and the support of the Board in this role. Steve is a highly respected executive with deep knowledge of FirstEnergy's business and significant operational experience. He became President in May, 2020 as part of the company's ordinary-course succession planning process. In his various leadership roles at the company, including his recent tenure as CFO and President, Steve has supported the execution of FirstEnergy's long-term customer-focused growth strategy and demonstrated his commitment to delivering value to all stakeholders, including employees, customers, communities, and shareholders. I look forward to working closely with him in my new role as Executive Director. In this role, I remain an independent member of the Board, and will also work closely with Don Misheff, our Non-Executive Chairman to assist management team's execution of strategic initiatives, to engage with the company's external stakeholders, including the investment community as appropriate and to support the development of enhanced controls and governance policies and procedures. The Board is already conducting a full review as governance and oversight processes to look for areas of improvement going forward. This is a serious matter for our Board and for FirstEnergy management. In order to address this in a timely and effective way, the Board has formed a new subcommittee of our audit committee to quickly assess and implement potential changes as appropriate in the company's compliance program. This effort will be led by independent Board member, Leslie Turner. Leslie retired as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Hershey Company. She joined our Board in 2018 and is a member of the audit and compensation committees. This new subcommittee will work with management, internal audit and also engage outside expertise for help and best practices. As I previously mentioned, we have and will continue to cooperate with the DOJ and SEC investigations. We have also reached out to company’s key stakeholders, including the ratings agencies, banks, regulators, legislators, and union leadership. We believe the actions the Board has taken, represent an additional step towards addressing these matters and enables FirstEnergy’s management to continue to focus on running the business day-to-day. FirstEnergy embarked on a strategy several years ago to becoming fully regulated company and grow through the substantial opportunities available in both the distribution and transmission businesses. That strategy will continue. It is working and the foundational drivers are intact. The FirstEnergy organization at large has been delivering excellent results over the last few years, and that continues with the strong performance year-to-date and the company's expectations for the full-year. As we look ahead, the Board has full confidence in Steve and the rest of the team's ability to ensure a seamless transition and to continue to execute the company strategy. With that, I'll now turn it over to Steve.
Steven Strah: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Well I would have preferred to have assumed my new role under different circumstances. I agree with Chris that the actions taken by our Board of Directors last week were absolutely necessary and are an additional step towards addressing this matter. The management team is committed to working with the Board to assess and implement potential changes as appropriate with the company's compliance program. We take this as a serious and important matter, and we will begin to address this immediately. In my 36 years with the company, we have faced challenges and changes, and we have always emerged stronger and even more dedicated to our mission. Our management team remains focused on keeping each other safe, providing reliable service to our customers and executing our growth initiatives. I am confident that we will continue to carry out this plan, finish the year strong, and enter 2021 with momentum. I look forward to working with our team to achieve this. With that, let me transition to a brief update on our operations and recent regulatory activity, then Jon will review our results and other financial matters. While the pandemic continues to impact our work protocols, our customers' lives and the economy, I am extremely proud of the hard work and resiliencies our employees have demonstrated throughout this crisis. We remain on pace to complete more than $3 billion in customer-focused investments across our system this year, and our business model and rate structure continue to provide stability. This morning, we reported third quarter operating earnings of $0.84 per share, $0.01 above the top-end of our guidance range. Those results primarily reflect the successful implementation of our regulated growth strategies and favorable weather together with a continuation of the pandemic-driven load trends we noted on our second quarter call. As Jon will discuss in more detail, the earnings impact of higher weather-adjusted sales from residential customers, more than offset the lower usage in our commercial and industrial sectors. Based on our strong performance year-to-date and the expectations for the next couple months, we are affirming our guidance range of $2.40 to $2.60 per share, and currently expect to be near the top-end of that range. If decoupling is part of a House Bill 6 repeal, we would be closer to the $2.50 per share midpoint. We have updated our funds from operations and free cash flow forecast for 2020 to reflect the impacts of higher storm costs of approximately $145 million and higher costs associated with the pandemic, including uncollectibles of approximately $120 million, most of which are deferred for future recovery. Although, the events of this past week and the government investigations create additional uncertainty, we are affirming our expected CAGR of 6% to 8% through 2021 and 5% to 7% extending through 2023 along with our plan to issue up to $600 million in equity annually in 2022 and 2023. With that said, we are mindful that the current situation may present additional challenges to meet this objective. Jon will address some tactics we are taking to address uncertainty created by the investigation. Now let's turn to regulatory matters. In New Jersey, JCP&L filed an AMI implementation plan with the Board of Public Utilities in late August. If approved, we would begin installing 1.15 million smart meters and related infrastructure across our New Jersey service territory over a three-year period, beginning in 2023. Also at JCP&L, last week, we were very pleased that the BPU approved our settlement in the distribution base rate case, as well as the sale of JCP&L interest in the Yards Creek Pumped Storage Hydro Generation facility. The settlement provides recovery for increasing cost associated with providing safe and reliable electric service for our JCP&L customers, along with the recovery of storm costs incurred over the past few years. It includes a $94 million annual increase in distribution revenues based on an ROE of 9.6%. The settlement also includes an agreement to delay the implementation of the rate increase until November 1, 2021, to assist our customers during the pandemic. Prior to then the rate increase will be offset through amortization of regulatory liabilities, totaling approximately $86 million beginning January 1. The parties also agreed that the net gains from the sale of JCP&L’s interest in Yards Creek estimated at $110 million will be used to reduce the regulatory asset for previously deferred storm costs. We expect to close the Yards Creek transaction within the next few months. Finally, to continue our commitment to customer-focused transmission investments, we filed an application with FERC last week to move transmission assets in the Allegheny Power System zone to forward-looking formula rates. This includes transmission assets in the West Penn Power territory in Pennsylvania, the Mon Power territory in West Virginia, and the Potomac Edison territory in West Virginia, Maryland, and Virginia. We are requesting an effective date of January 1, 2021. In addition, we created a new standalone transmission company, Keystone Appalachian Transmission Company, or KATCo to accommodate the new construction in this footprint. We filed last week to establish a forward-looking formula transmission rate for KATCo. And over the next several months, we plan to make the necessary filings to transfer certain transmission assets from West Penn Power and Potomac Edison to the new affiliate, requesting an effective date of January 1, 2022. In closing, while I find it disappointing that we have arrived at this point, I have great confidence, not only in the management team, but in the full support of the Board of Directors and together we are committed to lead this company out of it. I'd like to reiterate that our regulated growth strategy is strong. It is working and it is moving forward. And I am committed to working with management and the Board to address changes to our compliance program. Thank you for your time. And now, I'll turn it over to Jon Taylor for the financial review.
Jon Taylor: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. As always all reconciliations and other detailed information about the quarter can be found in the strategic and financial highlights document on our website. While we traditionally filed the 10-Q in connection with our call, we don't expect to file it this week as we continue our review and closing procedures to ensure we provide appropriate disclosure. Also, as we noted in Friday's 8-K, the violations of certain company policy and code of conduct by the terminated executives has caused us to reevaluate our controls framework and that could lead to identifying one or more material weaknesses. However, based on our review of these issues, we do not expect any impact to prior period financial results. This morning, we reported third quarter GAAP and operating earnings of $0.84 per share. As Steve noted, operating earnings were $0.01 above the top-end of our earnings guidance range, largely reflecting the ongoing success of our regulated growth strategy, as well as benefits from weather. In the Distribution business, revenues increased compared to the third quarter of 2019 as a result of higher weather-adjusted residential usage and incremental rider revenue driven by our capital investment programs in Ohio and Pennsylvania. Total distribution deliveries decreased compared to the third quarter of 2019 on both an actual and weather-adjusted basis. Cooling degree days were approximately 21% above normal and relatively flat to the third quarter of 2019. Total residential sales increased 5.3% on a weather-adjusted basis compared to the same period last year, as many people continue to work-from-home and spend more time at home due to the pandemic. In the commercial customer class, sales decreased 5.5% on a weather-adjusted basis compared to the third quarter of 2019, and in our industrial class, third quarter load decreased to 6.3% compared to the same period last year. Consistent with the trends we've seen for the past 12 months, the only sector showing growth in our footprint was Shale Gas. As we discussed last quarter, the increased residential volumes more than offset the decrease in commercial, industrial load from a revenue perspective. In our transmission business, earnings were flat compared to the third quarter of 2019 as the earnings growth associated with our energizing the future transmission initiative were offset by higher net financing costs and the absence of a tax benefit recognized in the third quarter of 2019. And in our Corporate segment, our results primarily reflect higher tax benefits compared to the third quarter of 2019. In the fourth quarter, we will make our annual Pension and OPEB mark-to-market adjustments. Based on the asset returns through September 30 and the discount rate ranging from 2.7% to 3%, we estimate that adjustment to be between an after-tax loss of $330 million to a gain of $40 million. As a reminder, this is a non-cash item. Year-to-date, our return on assets is 9.2% versus our assumption of 7.5% and our funded status remains at 77%. As Chris mentioned, we proactively reached out to the three rating agencies last week to discuss within the leadership transition and our path forward. While we believe the fundamentals of our business remain strong, we understand there are certain management and governance factors that the agencies consider in their risk assessment, which ultimately impact the credit ratings. The rating agencies have taken numerous actions and we have provided all the details in the Investor Factbook. FE Corp remains at investment grade with both Fitch and Moody's. At S&P, while we are not investment grade at FE Corp or FirstEnergy transmission, all other subsidiaries remain investment grade at their issue-level ratings. We will continue to maintain our open dialogue with each of the agencies and remain in close contact with them as we chart our path forward. Finally, I'll take a few minutes to review other financial considerations and tactical changes we are making to address the uncertainty created by the investigations. First, from a liquidity perspective, I'll remind you that we continue to have access to $3.5 billion of credit facilities committed through December 2022. These facilities are substantially undrawn with only $150 million borrowed, and we remain in compliance with all covenants and can make the necessary representations and warranties to borrow new funds. In addition, we expect our holding company debt to remain around 35% of total adjusted debt, and we have no plans to increase debt at the FirstEnergy HoldCo. To further refine expectations for 2021, I want to make a few comments about the dividend and reaffirm our dividend policy. Two years ago at EEI, we announced a targeted payout ratio of 55% to 65% of our operating earnings. In alignment with that policy, our Board raised the quarterly payout by $0.02 per share for dividends paid in 2019, and then by $0.01 per share for those paid in 2020. Given our current yield of approximately 5%, we expect to hold our quarterly dividend at $0.39 per share, or a $1.56 per share on an annualized basis for next year. This would represent a 59% payout ratio to our CAGR midpoint for 2021. The Board will continue to review the dividend on a quarterly basis. From a tactical perspective, our 2021 base O&M is flat to 2020 levels, and we’ve soon began developing plans for reductions to operating expenses if necessary. With respect to our overall capital programs for 2021, our CapEx programs will be at the $3 billion level, and we will consider reductions if necessary. Equity continues to be a part of our overall financing plan. As Steve said, we are reaffirming our plan to issue up to $600 million in equity annually in 2022 and 2023. And we will take the necessary actions financially to weather this uncertainty and put the company in the best position possible. We believe these steps are prudent to provide flexibility as we face uncertainty in the near-term.  Before we begin Q&A, I'll turn it back to Chris for a few more comments.
Christopher Pappas: As we move towards questions and answers this morning, I want to summarize a few points. The investigation and matters related to it are ongoing, and therefore, we will not answer any questions related to this other than to refer to our earlier prepared remarks. I know you have many questions. We are not going to provide more information at this time. The Board and management view this as a serious and important matter, and our newly appointed subcommittee of the audit committee, led by Leslie Turner, as well as management and internal audit will address this immediately. FirstEnergy strategy is working and delivering results as shown in our third quarter 2020 results and our outlook going forward, but matters related to the investigation will add uncertainties to the future financial results of the company. The tactical financial changes that Jon described earlier are prudent to provide flexibility as we face uncertainty in the near-term. And now we'll open to questions and answers.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Steven Strah: Good morning, Shar.
Shahriar Pourreza: Couple of questions here. First, does the Board intend on publicly releasing any of its findings while the federal investigations are going on and has the DOJ given you any sort of timeline on a potential resolution?
Christopher Pappas: Hi. This is Chris Pappas.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey, Chris.
Christopher Pappas: Hi. No to both is the short answer. The investigation is ongoing and we will not be providing updates during that period, and we have no certainty on the timeline at this point from the DOJ.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And then maybe just if you could from a balance sheet perspective, just touch on how you could expect to finance a potential fine or penalty? I know you have some equity cushion with your $1.2 billion in guidance for 2022 and 2023 and potentially higher corporate tax rates could help improve the cash flows. So what is sort of the balance sheet capacity look like if you went into a scenario where there could be a deferred prosecution agreement?
Jon Taylor: Hey, Shar. This is Jon.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey, Jon.
Jon Taylor: I think that's why we're taking the steps that we're taking now to provide additional balance sheet flexibility. When we cut back CapEx, when we think about operating expense reductions, that doesn't necessarily max out your balance sheet over the next two years to fund that growth, in fact, it improves your balance sheet. So that's why we're taking the steps that we're taking to just kind of make sure that we address this uncertainty because we don't know where we're going to be in a year or so with the Department of Justice and whether or not there's going to be a fine or felony, so we're just slowing back on growth for the near-term. We can take additional actions if necessary, and I think that will provide plenty of balance sheet flexibility.
Shahriar Pourreza: Perfect. And then just lastly for me. Do you guys have any sort of current expectations around the fade of HB6? And it doesn't sound like – that sort of maybe impact your ability to provide 2021 guidance. And are you getting any sort of indication that the PUCO could maybe seek to reopen the current ESP, which runs through 2024?
Steven Strah: Shar, this is Steve. The way we're viewing that is, the ESP and the distribution rate freeze that’s in effect right now will continue through May of 2024. The way I look at it, if the PUCO would approach the company for some other different reason to open it, we would follow the lead of the regulator. That's really the way I would view it. As for House Bill 6, we're following along the progress and commentary, movements around the potential repeal of it. But right now we're just following along with the state legislature to see what they would like to do next. So Eileen anything to add?
Jon Taylor: Shar, this is Jon. I would say that it depends on how – if it's a repeal and replace how they put in the decoupling mechanism, if they put it in at all. So I think there's a lot of unknowns, but if you remember going back to 2018, and then how we implemented decoupling this year, it wasn't, but about a $0.04 or $0.05 help to our earnings profile in the current year. So I think you got to keep that in consideration, when you think about these types of things.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And Steve, I wish it was under better circumstances, but really good luck on your transition. I think you are going to do great. So thanks guys.
Steven Strah: Shar, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Stephen Byrd: Hi, good morning.
Steven Strah: Good morning, Stephen.
Stephen Byrd: I had just a process question. Has your internal committee been sharing all findings and documents with the DOJ and SEC as you've been kind of going through your process?
Steven Strah: We’ve been cooperating with both agencies, Stephen. Yes. The company has been cooperating with both agencies, right.
Stephen Byrd: And Chris, are you confident that no other FirstEnergy officers or employees are in violation of FE policies or the code of conduct?
Christopher Pappas: The investigation Stephen is still ongoing and it would be premature to make any comments on that till we get to a more conclusive state.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. Have you received any other subpoenas? I think you mentioned the September’s SEC subpoena. Have you received any other subpoenas from any federal or state entities recently?
Christopher Pappas: No.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. And have you uncovered any other violations that extend beyond the purview of the FBI investigation, for example, involving other states or interactions with PUCO?
Christopher Pappas: It's really premature to comment again, Stephen. The dismissals of the employees that you've heard about last week are related to violations of the company's policies and code of conduct. And that's really all we can say at this time.
Stephen Byrd: Yes. Understand. I know it's challenging for you to be able to address some of these questions. And do you have a sense over what timeframe you'll be sort of coming to your internal conclusions in terms of your investigation? Or is it timing unclear?
Christopher Pappas: I think the timeline is unclear. What we can say is that the sub committee that we formed under the leadership of Leslie Turner will begin their work immediately on working on our own internal policies and compliance. And we'd expect some readout from them as the company reports its first quarter earnings. That's not around the investigation to be clear, that's around working on improving our policies around compliance. That's a parallel process, of course, the investigation.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. Last one for me. Just on the Q, Jon, you mentioned potential for material weaknesses. Are there any particular sort of financial implications, financing implications or other implications if you do end up concluding that there are material weaknesses?
Jon Taylor: I wouldn't think so. Like I said, based on everything that we've looked at, even if we conclude there is a material weakness, there wasn't any issue with the previous financial results that we've reported to our investor community. So, no, I wouldn't expect any issues like that.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. I’ll let others ask questions. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. Good morning, team. Thanks for the time. I hope you all hanging in there. I wanted to just pick it up on the earning side of the equation here, if we can. Can you more [specifically] the puts and takes here in terms of the balance sheet latitude as well as the earnings trajectory outlook? Just so if I hear you right, for instance, it sounds like there's some costs levers, one. Two, it sounds like the decoupling piece could be about a dime from 250 to 260 give or take. And then third, I'm curious if there's anything else in terms of potential impacts. If you can address it from a credit ratings change on future financing assumptions you baked into the plan as well, if there's anything else?
Christopher Pappas: Julien, that's a lot there. I mean, let me see if I can kind of address it. We're taking these steps to preserve balance sheet flexibility. I mean, we're in an uncertain period of time. This thing has to play out over a period of months maybe into next year. And we think it's just prudent to take these steps to cut back on some CapEx to maybe look at some operating expense reductions, so we can have some flexibility if something bad goes our way. I would say the decoupling mechanism is only about $0.04 or $0.05, not the $0.10 that you mentioned. So I think in the grand scheme of things, that would be something that we would overcome in a year.
Steven Strah: Julien, this is Steve. I would just add. In my prepared comments, we talked about reaffirming our business plan and it's very strong and it's very robust in terms of confirming our CAGR for EPS through 2023, our plan remains unchanged at this point. I think what you're also seeing with our most recent quarter results, you're seeing the resiliency of that business plan that we've talked about before. So I think that speaks very strongly for our company and for the potential next few – the potential next year or two of some level of uncertainty here. We're not only sticking with that base business plan, but as we announced today, we are moving the Allegheny assets into formulaic rates from a transmission standpoint. And at that point, once that's concluded, you're going to see our transmission system 100% on formulaic rates moving ahead. So once again, it takes the strength that we have in our transmission program and even deepens it more. So that's the perspective that I would bring to it.
Jon Taylor: And Julien, this is Jon. I think you had a question on just financing costs. As you think about the ratings that we have today, we are still investment grade with all the rating agencies except for S&P and that's at FirstEnergy HoldCo and then FirstEnergy Transmission. The majority of our financings over the next few years are going to be at our subsidiaries, which have investment grade credit rating. So I don't see that being too much of a challenge. We do have some holding company debt that comes due in 2022 and 2023, but we'll be able to manage through that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. That's what I was thinking. I was trying to reconcile those moving pieces here. If I can clarify even further, when you think about the preserving balance sheet flexibility, should we in fact update here in the next couple of quarters as far as explicit targets and what that means from an earnings perspective going forward? Obviously, this is somewhat fluid, but curious on how you would prepare to delineate it.
Steven Strah: Right. I think we'll have more early next year when we talk about the fourth quarter results.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. Excellent. Well, best of luck. Thank you very much.
Christopher Pappas: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Our next question is from Angie Storozynski with Seaport Global. Please proceed.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So I mean, I know we're trying to look forward, but I'm still processing the information that were provided during the second quarter earnings call. And I know that Chuck is no longer with the company. But I mean, can you help us maybe reconcile those statements with the attempts to rebuild credibility among investors? Yes. I’ll leave it open ended like that.
Christopher Pappas: Well, Angie, it's Chris. I think the only thing we can say is the internal investigation by the Board and outside counsel has led to the outcomes that you saw Friday. And that's really the only kind of comment we can make about that past and the dismissals of the executives mentioned were for violations of company policy and code of conduct.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then could you share with us if you have talked to your state regulators and what kind of feedback you have received following this news about management changes?
Steven Strah: Angie, its Steve. We did do a comprehensive outreach not only to the state legislators, the regulators, state and local officials throughout our footprint. So I think if I was to characterize the outreach and the feedback, they were appreciative of our very prompt effort to talk to them and communicate the news. They were obviously various levels of surprise and shock if you will, of the actions that the Board took in a very decisive manner, but they understood once we talk them through that in general just like we are today. And there were concerns expressed, right. It was a significant change. It happened very quickly. And really – this is where we really have to lean on the relationships we have with the regulatory bodies. We've worked very, very hard over decades, at least a decades I’ve been with the company to ensure that we have great two-way communication and give and take on various issues. And this is where you rely on those relationships. As acting CEO, I'm going to really make it a large part of my role to ensure that we can continue to communicate very closely with them, listen to concerns, respond appropriately and move ahead. It's like any other relationship in life. Its two way communication and I need to instill and promote that level of trust in FirstEnergy and I'm prepared to do that.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. And just last question, given how the stock is trading and given that you have equity needs even without this investigation or any potential penalties that might come out from that. Would you consider either asset sales or something else in lieu of straight up equity?
Jon Taylor: Angie, this is Jon. I think we're taking these actions internally with CapEx reductions, OpEx reductions to give us flexibility including issuing equity. So I think those are the things that we're focused on first. And then we'll see where we are sometime down the road.
Angie Storozynski: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Steven Strah: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: I just want to follow-up a bit on some of the earlier conversation with Ohio. And if Ohio repeals or replaces House Bill 6 legislation, can you walk us through the exact impacts there? You guide to the top-end with no changes, but to the midpoint, if decouplings repeal, it sounds like half the drag is retroactive full-year decoupling removal. But what were the other kind of moving pieces there? If you could clarify a bit there that'd be great.
Jon Taylor: So I think you would go back. The assumption would be, we would go back to the rate construct that we had in 2018. So you would remove the decoupling mechanism, but then you would reestablish your energy efficiency rider under the Rider DSE. So that would be the construct. So it would be about a $0.05 hit the earnings. And then you would no longer going forward depending on how they repealed and replaced, if decoupling was no longer part of the rate structure going forward, then you would have those – that mechanism, that Rider DSE in place going forward.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. So I think you said $0.05 there. Just trying to figure out. I think you pointed to the top-end of the guide with HB6 and the midpoint without being kind of a $0.10 delta there. So just wondering what the remainder of that delta is I guess that drives the high-end versus the midpoint?
Jon Taylor: Well, maybe I'll say it this way. Right now we think we're going to be near the top-end. If we hit the $0.05, or the House Bill 6 is repealed with the decoupling will be around the midpoint.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Okay. And then just one last one, if I could. And appreciate, this is a bit of an awkward question. But just wondering, Chris, well Steven is now the acting CEO, what are the next steps forward here on the CEO process?
Christopher Pappas: I think it’s a great question, Jeremy. Happy to answer. Steve has been clearly the candidate in our Board normal succession planning process for the CEO of the company. That's evidenced by his movement through the company, including his prior role as President. Due to the circumstances of what we experienced last week, the Board decided to move Steve immediately into the acting CEO role. And we would envision continuing on our succession plan, which is to at the right time in the near future have him assume the role of CEO. So in my view and the Board's view, we’re on a normal transition to CEO with the person we always had in mind.
Jeremy Tonet: That's a very helpful context. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Steven Fleishman: Hi, good morning. Just wanted to make sure I clarify the tactical changes relative to your – the one tactical changes, you kept the dividend flat. And then I guess the other tactical changes are potential cost cuts and CapEx cuts. If those latter ones are made, would that change your plan meaningfully, or it's still kind of within the construct of the plan as reaffirmed?
Jon Taylor: Steve. This is Jon. We would do that all in the construct of the plan we've been talking about.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. That's helpful. I know you mentioned, there's no – if your credit ratings at the FE parent or I guess both S&P and Moody's downgraded below investment grade, there's no need for any triggers or any other related impacts for you?
Steven Strah: No.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then on the credit line and facility, if you had these material weaknesses in your Q, that doesn't affect those facilities at all.
Steven Strah: Let me let Steve Staub to take them.
Steven Staub: Hey. This is Steve Staub. I'm the Treasurer of the company. So in the event that there would be any violations of any covenants under our credit facility, we would then at that point in time have to go and request a waiver from our bank group.
Steven Fleishman: Okay.
Eileen Mikkelsen: Steve, this is Eileen. I believe you said that Moody's downgraded us. Moody's affirmed our rating.
Steven Fleishman: I guess I meant it both did. Yes, I'm aware of that. If both agencies did in the end. Is there?
Christopher Pappas: So Steve, if both rating agencies downgraded us again, which means S&P’s rating would go from BB plus down to BB and all of our utilities at that point would go down to non-investment grade and then the Moody's credit rating would go from Baa3 to Ba1. Our financing costs would obviously be a little more expensive. The holdco step-up provisions that we have with our bonds at the holding company, which applies to about $4 billion of them would obviously become a little more expensive because they would increase by about 50 basis points in terms of cost. Our credit facilities would become a little more expensive. That would increase strong pricing by 25 basis points. And we would have to post potentially up to about $40 million of collateral. It's all manageable. And I do want to say that, we have experienced at the BB plus credit rating right now with respect to S&P. S&P had us at that rating from 2010 through most of 2018. And so we are experienced at that current credit rating right now, and I wouldn't expect any issues accessing the capital markets if the ratings were lower, simply it would just be more – it would just be a little more expensive for us.
Steven Fleishman: Great. That's very helpful. But it’s not like the liquidity type events is just a little bit higher financing cost.
Christopher Pappas: That is correct. I mean, we're fully regulated company now, so FES is no longer a part of FirstEnergy. And back then when it was a part of us, collateral requirements would have been much higher.
Steven Fleishman: Great. I'll leave it at that. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey. Good morning, team. Thanks for taking my question. Well I have one clarification and then one quick follow-up. Just on the internal investigation, is that now over? I appreciate there's a subcommittee to look at sort of governance practices and improve them perhaps. But just – is the internal investigation now over at this point?
Steven Strah: No, it is still ongoing as are the other investigations.
Durgesh Chopra: Thanks for that clarification. And then just maybe one for Jon. Jon, we've done a discussion with investors around regulatory ROE versus GAAP ROE specifically in Ohio, maybe just – could you help us where you are with that – the differences, what drives the differences there and where is regulatory versus GAAP ROE perhaps at the end of Q3 or maybe even early in the year?
Jon Taylor: Well, there's obviously several differences between how we report our financial results for GAAP and how we report them from a regulatory perspective. For instance, from a regulatory perspective in Ohio, you excluded the DMR when that was in place. There's other things that from a regulatory perspective that you exclude, for instance, in Ohio, you only get pension service costs as part of your race. So the non-service piece is excluded from the regulatory, which is typically a credit for us. So there are items like that that really drive the difference between what we report on a GAAP basis versus what we report on a regulatory basis.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. And then maybe can you comment, and perhaps this is a follow-up with our – can you comment where you are in terms of that regulatory and ROE in Ohio?
Jon Taylor: Well we filed the Ohio SEET for 2019, and we were 10.9%, 10.8% somewhere around there. So that's kind of where we are.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. Great. Thanks guys. Much appreciate the time.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed.
Paul Patterson: Hey, good morning.
Steven Strah: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Just to sort of clarify your – it sounds like we may not get any – you guys aren't really planning on disclosing anything until – after the DOJ investigation is complete in public. Is that the way to think about this?
Steven Strah: Yes.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then with respect to KATCo, could you remind us – I think that's going to begin in 2022 or that's what you guys have planned. Could you remind us what the earnings impact would be of that?
Jon Taylor: Well, I think we're going to file for rates effective 1/1/2021, and then we would move those assets into that transmission company in 1/1/2022. If you look at the rate base, it's $750 million, somewhere around there. So at first, I don't think it's going to be as meaningful just because you're on a stated rate today and you're going to transition to a formula rate. But it is an area where investment is needed and it's an opportunity to improve the customer reliability in those service territories. And I think you'll start to see some CapEx going in there and then it could be meaningful.
Eileen Mikkelsen: Yes, Jon. It’s Eileen Mikkelsen, Vice President of Rates and Regulatory Affairs. I would just add to that. Once those forward-looking formula rates go into effect in 2021, we would expect that revenue to be really just about 1% higher than it would have been in the stated rate in that initial year.
Steven Strah: Yes. And just to place it in the broader context, right now with – that really represents perhaps 10% of our transmission footprint. So it's not going to be large or significant, but once again, it completes the strategy that we have for transmission that is to move up the stated rates in the Allegheny footprint and go to formula. And as we preceded the JCP&L, we'll be successful there. We're confident. And this'll be the last progression.
Eileen Mikkelsen: Yes. Interestingly, this is the last sort of large zone in PJM that is not on a formula rate, it’s not an impressive stated rate. So time for the transition.
Paul Patterson: Okay. I apologize for being a little off on this. But I think you guys are asking for 11.35% ROE. And you guys plan on getting that ROE being effective for $750 million worth of assets beginning in 2021. And if I understand that correctly, and I'm just sort of wondering what the ROE, I know it's different jurisdictions and stuff, but it's just what's the ROE in general that you guys have in those jurisdictions right now, roughly speaking?
Eileen Mikkelsen: It's Eileen. And again, the ROE was part of a black box settlement that was established for the stated rates many years ago. So there is no stated ROE. What we did file for the forward-looking formula rate is the base ROE of 10.85%, and then the 50 basis point adder for RTO participation bringing that ROE up to 11.35% as filed.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Well I'll follow-up afterwards. Thank you so much.
Steven Strah: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys. Thank you for taking my question. First one is probably for Jon, which is, I'm trying to think about the accounting of the JCP&L rate case. Can you walk us through the earnings impact of the rate increase versus the cash flow impact? I understand they're probably different given the amortization of the Reg S and Reg liability, but just – does the rate increase not really impact earnings next year, does it not really impact cash flow next year, or does it not impact both?
Steven Strah: It does not impact cash flow next year, but it will impact earnings next year because you'll implement the base rate increase beginning January of 2021, but that will be offset by an amortization of a regulatory liability. So customers will not see the increase, but FirstEnergy will receive the earnings.
Eileen Mikkelsen: It’s Eileen. I would just add to that, that we will pick up two months, November and December of 2021 for base rate increase, there will be a little cash there. And the company as a condition of this settlement is able to retain the Yards Creek gain, which is an influx of [approximately, as you said earlier], $110 million expected in 2021.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And if I think about it, the revenue increased just over $90 million. Are there costs that go up with it that will be offset on the income statement or that $94 million dropped to the bottom line?
Jon Taylor: Yes. If you remember, part of our request was to collect a deferred storm costs. They adjusted storm costs that are included in the base rates. So there are costs associated with that rate increase.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Can you just give us an inkling of how much of that been does drop to the bottom line?
Jon Taylor: I think it’s $0.04 to $0.05 a share.
Michael Lapides: Meaning that's the benefit from the $94 million in rate increase?
Jon Taylor: That's correct.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Jon. Much appreciated. Last, any – and this maybe a Steve question. Any thoughts at all about generation transformation, meaning transforming the fleet in West Virginia going forward, just curious given that's the one place you own generation, and it's obviously a coal heavy fleet in West Virginia. Just curious given the declining costs of gas fire generation as well as obviously solar and wind. How you're thinking about what your fleet looks like three to five years from now there?
Steven Strah: Well, right now, we're working towards publishing – not publishing, but submitting our IRP for West Virginia. So within that document, we're going to articulate some of our moving forward thoughts for West Virginia. You are right. It is a coal fleet there for us. And we're very cognizant of our responsibilities to run those plants. However, as you look forward, there is an opportunity for example, to be able to install solar within the state right now and we're also considering that. So more on that later, we're due to submit that filing in December of this year. Correct, Eileen?
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated. Thanks for taking my questions.
Steven Strah: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Fremont with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed.
Paul Fremont: Thanks. I guess the first question I have is just to get a better understanding of the 5% to 7% growth through 2023, which I thought had been in part at least linked to your rate base growth. In terms of – if you end up cutting back on CapEx and you have less rate base, would you be making that up then through O&M reduction or can you just explain how you would be able to maintain the 5% to7%?
Jon Taylor: I think there's a lot of different moving pieces. Cost containment would obviously be one thing that we could do, and we already have seen some favorable impacts in our forecast from the favorable returns we had last year in our pension. So that's going to flow through. If you think about where interest rates are today versus where they were when we confirmed our CAGR last year, borrowing costs are down. We had a very successful bond deal at FE Corp earlier this year. So they're all factors that are driving our confidence in that number. Now, there is some uncertainty that we have to deal with, and that's why we're taking these steps to kind of provide for some flexibility. If something doesn't go our way, but just because we're cutting back CapEx, $250 million is not going to throw us off track to hit those results.
Steven Strah: And just as a reminder, that's $250 million roughly on a budget within our plan that we were counting on to be $3 billion to $3.25 billion. So once again, it's prudent to do the planning right now and it's a small portion of a much larger pie that helps fuel our transmission earnings power. And by the way, just to emphasize it, as we've said before, very important for customers; two, we're seeing significant reliability improvements within those investments. So it's dual, right. Customers are seeing benefit, and it is a very good earnings engine for the company appropriately.
Paul Fremont: Next question would be on the second quarter call, you had indicated that you would not seek to alter a potential rating agency downgrade to sub investment grade because you expected to be vindicated as part of the investigation. Are you now comfortable to remain sub investment grade with at least one rating agency?
Steven Strah: No. We're not comfortable with that. I mean – but at the end of the day, it's related to governance issues and I think that's why we're taking the steps that we're doing to address the governance matters, the compliance matters with Leslie's subcommittee, and that'll be part of what they focus on.
Paul Fremont: So your expectation would then be once you put additional governance measures into place, that the rating agency would then reverse the downgrade action?
Steven Strah: I mean, we would have to talk to them about the steps that we're taking, the findings we found, the recommendations. I think it's going to take some time for us to work through this. But our focus is going to be improving on those types of matters, so we can get the rating back to investment grade.
Paul Fremont: So you would not take action to issue equity to try and bring the rating back up.
Steven Strah: No.
Paul Fremont: Great.
Steven Strah: Okay. Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Our next question is from Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed.
Charles Fishman: Thank you. With KATCo, as I recall with ATSI and MAIT, and as part of the energizing of the future, there was such an incredible opportunity for investment because of preferred investment, really with the things going on at FES, balance sheet and everything else five, 10 years ago. Is there that same opportunity at KATCo once we get beyond 2023 and assuming the forward rate making goes into effect? Would you envision the investment accelerating at that transmission co?
Steven Strah: I think there is significant opportunity in KATCo and that's exactly why we made our filing. I think it also provides additional flexibility for our company to move. Let's just say that $3 billion transmission spend around our system. So once again, while under a stated rate, we believed our strategy would be better suited to go after investments in other formulaic rates around our system. When you look at the reliability of the transmission system in general, we found greater needs at ATSI and MAIT, rather than pursuing anything in Allegheny in the early going of the energizing the future program. It's very difficult to believe, but we're entering I believe here seven of that program. So we've seen reliability improvements in both of the other transmission companies. We are certainly not done yet. I believe we have a pipeline of 20 years worth of work that we've fixed a $20 billion number too in terms of a potential additional transmission upgrades. So to your earlier point, what I would call a pent-up need there, and we're responsibly addressing it.
Charles Fishman: That's helpful. Thank you. That's all I have.
Steven Strah: Thank you. Okay. Well, thank you very much. Yes.
Operator: Go ahead. Please proceed.
Steven Strah: Okay. Thank you very much. I just wanted to close out the call by thanking you for your time and attention today and the interest in our company. And I know that we did our very best today to provide you a fulsome update on recent key events. We also look forward to talking and meeting with each of you in the Virtual EEI Conference coming up. So look forward to that very much. I would also just close with a message of safety. The pandemic that is still very much alive in this country. As a company, we’re working very hard to keep our employees safe and our customers safe. I just wish all the best to each one of you is as we maintain the right safety protocols while we’re working through it. So all the best to you and be safe. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings! And welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp, Second Quarter 2020 Earning Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Irene Prezelj: Thanks Dana. Welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Today we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies and prospects. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risk and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the earnings information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on the FirstEnergy Investor Relations website, along with the presentation which supports today's discussion. Participants in today’s call include our Chief Executive Officer, Chuck Jones; President, Steve Strah; and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John Taylor. We also have several other executives available to join us for the Q&A session. Now, I’ll note turn the call over to Chuck.
Chuck Jones: Thank you, Irene, and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us. As Irene indicated, we have a new lineup of speakers today, reflecting the management changes that were put in place in May. Steve Strah, in his new role as President of FirstEnergy will discuss the operational and regulatory updates on today's call, and John Taylor returning to the financial realm in his new role as CFO will review our results. As we've discussed, these changes are the result of extensive succession planning with our board and a thoughtful and proactive plan to ensure we are prepared for a smooth transition in the leadership of our company. Let's begin by addressing the issue that's been in the news recently. As you know, the Ohio speaker of the house and four others were arrested on Tuesday on federal criminal charges. The case involves political activity related to Ohio House Bill 6, which recognizes the value of the nuclear power plants operated by our former subsidiary FirstEnergy Solutions now known as Energy Harbor. Also on Tuesday, FirstEnergy Corp., our FirstEnergy Services Company, subsidiary, and our political action committee were served subpoenas related to this matter. We are having discussions with the Department of Justice lawyers and will fully comply with the subpoenas. I believe that FirstEnergy acted properly in this matter and we intend to cooperate fully with the investigation to among other things, ensure our company and our role and supporting House Bill 6 is understood as accurately as possible. In the meantime, we wanted to share our preliminary perspective on this issue, and reinforce the values with which we operate our company. This is a serious and disturbing situation. Ethical behavior and upholding the highest standards of conduct are foundational values for the entire FirstEnergy family and me personally. These high standards have fostered the trust of our employees, our customers, and the financial community. We strive to apply these standards in all business dealings, including our participation in the political process. As you know, we have supported keeping Ohio's two nuclear plants in operation. We believe in supporting the thousands of families, former FirstEnergy families who rely on the jobs those plants provide. These are good taxpaying jobs that we believe are critical to Ohio's economic development efforts. We also believe that is in the best interest of all Ohioans and our nation to maintain these sources of zero carbon, clean, affordable, and reliable energy. So as we discussed on previous earnings calls, we supported legislative solutions for the nuclear plants, even after we stopped operating them. We were strong supporters of House Bill 6 and oppose the referendum effort to repeal it. We gave our support because FirstEnergy has the obligation to serve 2 million customers in the state of Ohio, including looking out for their long-term energy supply, even though we are no longer in the competitive generation business and would not get a single dollar of the House Bill 6 funding for those plants. In addition, that passage of House Bill 6 resulted in a rate decrease for Ohio customers, despite the nuclear surcharges, but let me be clear at no time does our support for nuclear plants in Ohio interfere or supersede our ethical obligations to conduct our business properly. The facts will become clear as the investigation progresses, and we support bringing the facts forward. Our leadership team will remain focused on executing our strategy and running our business in the same conscientious manner that you've come to expect. With that, let's talk about the other developments since our last call. I know the impact of the pandemic and economic slowdown remains on everyone's mind. Our business strategy remains resilient and we are well-positioned to continue managing through the COVID-19 crisis. We continue making our planned investments and deploying capital across our system and we’ve not experienced any significant disruptions in our supply chain or workforce. To protect the health and safety of our employees, their families and our customers we made adjustments to our work procedures early in the pandemic, and we've continued refining those practices over the last several months. Our employees both those in the field and the 7,000, who transitioned to working from home in March haven't missed a beat. Our team has rallied together in the face of this challenge. We've established a workplace return plan for our employees who are working from home, but given their strong performance during the past few months, we're in no rush to get them back to the office. Likewise, I'm extremely proud of our physical workforce for the great job they've done. They have adopted new protocols to keep each other safe while continuing to provide the electricity our customers need. We continue following all established precautions for preventing the spread of this virus. That includes cleaning and disinfecting measures, temperature checks, mask, and adjustments to reporting locations, work schedules, and crew sizes. I'm pleased to note that this increased focus on protections from COVID has extended beyond the virus and helped drive a stronger overall safety performance for our company through the first six months of this year. At FirstEnergy, safety is an unwavering core value and we will continue to provide employees with a safe working environment as we do our part to stop the spread of this disease. As I said during our last call, one of the silver linings of this crisis is the first energy team is coming together to work smarter more creatively and more efficiently than ever before. Other events in our country, namely the outcry over inequality and social injustice faced by people of color have also brought us together with a deeper sense of urgency and a renewed focus on the areas of diversity and inclusion. This is an issue we had already been working to address within FirstEnergy for a number of years, and we are actively taking steps across the company to help drive positive changes and promote equality within our workforce and our communities. Let's move to our second quarter results. Yesterday, after market closed, we reported earnings of $0.57 per share on both the GAAP and operating earnings basis. This was at the upper end of the earnings guidance we provided for the quarter. While John will discuss the drivers in more detail later in the call, I'll point out that as we expected, our business model and rate structure provided a measure of stability during this period of pandemic and economic slowdown. As we discussed in April, about two-thirds of our base distribution revenues come from residential sales with 28% from commercial customers and about 7% from the industrial sector. In addition, about 80% of commercial rates and 90% of industrial rates are made up of customer and demand charges. As a result, what we told you in April has [borne-out] through this quarter. While weather adjusted load dropped by almost 4% system-wide compared to the second quarter of 2019, the increase in residential revenues related to the stay-at-home orders in our service territory more than offset the decreases in the commercial and industrial sectors. While I don't think anyone is in a position to predict what the future might bring in terms of continued reopening, or re-closing of the economy, we're taking conservative view of what the next few months might bring. Nevertheless, we remained very positive that we are well-positioned to continue managing the impact of the pandemic, and the economic slowdown, and we believe our distribution and transmission investments will continue to provide stable and predictable earnings. We’re affirming our 2020 operating earnings guidance range of $2.40 to $2.60 per share. We're also affirming our expected CAGR of 6% to 8% through 2021, and 5% to 7%, extending through 2023, as well as our plan to issue up to a total of $600 million in equity in 2022 and 2023. Also for the third quarter of 2020, we're introducing an earnings guidance range of $0.73 to $0.83 per share. Thank you. Now I’ll turn the call over to Steve Strah.
Steve Strah: Thanks Chuck. It's good to talk with all of you again today in my new capacity. I’ll walk-through a brief update on some regulatory matters, as well as our operations. To begin, we are pleased that since our last call the Utility Commission's of West Virginia and New Jersey have both authorized deferral mechanisms for incremental COVID-19 related costs. And the Pennsylvania PUC authorized a deferral mechanism for uncollectible expenses. As we told you in April, Maryland was the first state in our service territory to put such a mechanism in place, and we already had existing riders in Ohio and New Jersey for uncollectible expenses. As you know, our regulatory calendar is very light through 2023. And we only have a few open matters at this time. I'll touch on some recent developments. In New Jersey, an ALJ was assigned for the distribution base rate case we filed in February. As you'll recall, we are seeking to recover increasing costs associated with providing safe and reliable electric service for our JCP&L customers, along with recovery of storm costs incurred over the past few years. We anticipate a procedural scheduled to be issued soon, and we remain optimistic that we can reach a favorable settlement with the parties in the case. Also in New Jersey, we are in settlement discussions with our formula rate filing for JCP&Ls transmission assets. In December, FERC accepted our application to move these assets into a former – forward- looking formula rate effective January 1, 2020, subject to refund. This supports our plan for approximately $175 million in customer focused capital spending on the JCP&L transmission system this year. Moving to the operations front, as Chuck indicated earlier, we continue to execute our plans for 2020. Even with the significant precautions to keep our employees and customers safe, we remain on track to make more than $3 billion in customer focused investments to strengthen and modernize our transmission and distribution systems this year, with the goal of enhancing reliability, resiliency and security, while improving operational efficiency.  Thank you for your time. And now I'll turn it over to John Taylor for the financial review.
John Taylor: Good morning. It's great to speak with you today. Consistent with our normal practices, you will find all reconciliations along with other detailed information about the quarter in the strategic and financial highlights document that's posted to our website. Now let's review our results. As Chuck said, we reported second quarter GAAP and operating earnings of $0.57 a share, which is near the top end of earnings guidance. In our distribution business, revenue has increased compared to the second quarter of 2019 as a result of higher residential usage, incremental rider revenue in both Ohio and Pennsylvania, and higher weather related usage. This benefit was offset by the absence of the Ohio DMR revenue, which ended in July 2019 and higher expenses, including non-deferred COVID expenses, I'll describe in a moment. Total distribution deliveries decreased slightly compared to the second quarter of 2019 on both an actual and weather adjusted basis. Heating degree days were approximately 27% above normal and 58% higher than the second quarter of 2019, while cooling degree days were 2% above normal and 6% higher than the same period last year. The stay at home orders in our service territories drove an increase in total residential sales of 17.1% or 14.8% on a weather adjusted basis, compared to the same period last year. In the commercial customer class, we saw a sales decrease of 14.4% on an actual basis in 14.5% when adjusted for weather compared to the second quarter of 2019. And in our industrial class, second quarter load decreased 11.7% compared to the same period last year. As Chuck indicated earlier, the increased residential volumes more than offset the decrease in C&I load from a revenue perspective, for a benefit of $0.04 per share in the quarter. Let me spend a moment on our COVID related expenses, which impacted earnings by about $0.04 per share in the quarter. As Steve mentioned earlier, all of our utilities are able to defer uncollectible expenses that are incremental to amounts included in base rates, as well as other COVID related costs in New Jersey, Maryland, and West Virginia.  Uncollectible expense increased in the quarter due to the pandemic and reduced earnings by approximately $0.02 per share. This represents the amount of uncollectibles currently being collected through base rates, and as a result could not be deferred. The remainder of our increase in uncollectibles was all deferred for future recovery with no impact on earnings.  While the pandemic is still very fluid, we continue to expect that deferral mechanisms we have in place and our focus on managing O&M spin will mitigate the impact of COVID costs and keep us on track to meet our financial commitments. In our transmission business, earnings decreased slightly, primarily due to higher net financing costs, and the reconciliation of the estimated versus actual true-ups of our 2019 formula rates. We continue to see earnings growth associated with our ongoing energizing the future transmission investment program. And in our corporate segment, our results reflect higher operating expenses, compared to the second quarter of 2019. Before we open up the call to your questions, I'd like to discuss a few other financial matters, starting with our pension performance. As a result of our conservative investment strategy, which we described last quarter, our pension plan continues to outperform the turbulent market. Asset returns were at 5.7% as of June 30, and as of today, we are around 9% tracking above our 7.5% annual target. Our investment committee has taken prudent steps to further de-risk the plans asset allocation in anticipation of additional market volatility with the goal of preserving the plans year to date asset returns and to protect the plans funded status, which remains unchanged at 77%. Finally in June, we successfully completed the refinancing of $750 million in FirstEnergy Corp. debt at a blended rate of 2%. We also completed $175 million debt financing at Potomac Edison and in July we completed a $250 million debt financing at CEI. Our liquidity remains strong at $3.5 billion, with our credit facilities in place through December 2022. In light of the current investigation, I want you to know that we are currently compliant with all covenants and can make the necessary representations and warranties as required under our credit facilities to borrow money. In regard to our financing plan, our debt maturities are minimal through 2021 with only $74 million expiring next year, and our new money requirements are very manageable with only two transactions remaining in 2018 totaling $250 million in only four transactions in 2021, totaling $575 million. With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Chuck for some closing comments before we begin Q&A.
Chuck Jones : Thanks, John. There was an erroneous media report that FirstEnergy had held an investor meeting yesterday. No such meeting happened. So, if anyone was feeling left out, I wanted to make that correction. In my earlier comments, I tried to candidly address the investigation by speaking from the heart and giving you a sense of where we are and what we currently know.  As we move to the Q&A, I would really like to let my prepared marks stand. Please recognize that I won't be able to speak to any great detail on many of your questions. I appreciate your understanding on that. And I really hope we can focus the Q&A on the great quarter we just reported on. Now we'll take the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman: Yeah. Hi, good morning.
Chuck Jones : Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Hi, Chuck. Can’t help but asking so, as best you can answer, could you maybe give more color on, in terms of the payments that are talked about to this [501C4]. How much was added from FE versus FES and why – did you have any control over FES payments as well?
Chuck Jones: Well, first, let me take the second half first, and as of November 16, when we essentially made the competitive generation business non-core, FES separated fiduciary, financially, and operationally from being a part of FirstEnergy. They put in place an independent board, and from November 16, I've had no input into any of the decisions they've made. Obviously, we've had a lot of discussions between the two companies as it relates to transition shared services and so forth, but in terms of decision making authority mine ended in November of 2016. On your specific question, as I've said, I'm not going to get into the details of the case, but I will say this, that of the funds that are referenced in the Department of Justice affidavit, FirstEnergy’s share of that is about 25%. And in the context of 5.5 years of meeting or exceeding every earnings commitment that we've given you every quarter, we do make prudent decisions to spend corporate funds on issues that we believe are important to our customers and shareholders. Beyond that, we intend to provide the details on what we spent, how we spent it to the Department of Justice in the coming weeks. 
Steve Fleishman: Okay. I'm not sure you can comment on this, but can you talk about the reference like phone calls between you and other leadership and these – some of these folks? Could you talk to that at all? Is…
Chuck Jones: No, I'm not going to talk to that. I talk to a lot of people, I text with a lot of people. I’d probably text more than I talk these days, so we have to see what they're talking about. I can tell you this, in every meeting, every phone call, every text message that I participate in, I talked about our obligations to conduct our business transparently, ethically, professionally. I have no worries that I did anything that wasn't that way and we let the merits of our arguments carry the day when we are operating in a political environment.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Just for color because everyone seems to focus on this $60 million of spending, just how much did the other side spend? And do they have similar 501C4s on this HB6?
Chuck Jones: Steve, our share was 25%. I'm not going to speak for the other side. You're going to have to go talk to them.
Steve Fleishman: I meant people that oppose the law, I'm sorry.
Chuck Jones: Well, the interesting thing about that is it's all – you know it's all – we don't know who spent it because it was spent through similar organizations, legal 501C4 organizations, where donors aren't and I don't know the amount that was spent on the other side. But clearly, this was a provocative, difficult issue in the state of Ohio. A lot of money was spent on both sides of this issue, particularly after House Bill 6 was passed and it got into the referendum process, the process of gathering signatures, the media ads, there was a lot of money spent on both sides and 501C4s were used on both sides. 
Steve Fleishman: One last quick question, Chuck, just are you going to do – is the Board going to do some kind of like independent review of all this as part of the response? Could you give more color on that?
Chuck Jones: Right now, we're planning to do an internal review of everything involved in the affidavit, which obviously is going to be necessary for us to respond to the questions in the subpoena. I think the Department of Justice review is the most important review that needs to get going and get completed.
Steve Fleishman: Right. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, good morning, guys.
Chuck Jones: Hi, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Just on the similar topic, can you just maybe give us a little bit more granularity on the separation process in 2018? I know – we understand some of the IT and things like payment processing continue to go through a company, a service company, so FE Corp. for some time, but it isn't like clear how everything else was actually bifurcated, i.e., sort of at the management level. You know how much interaction did FE, you know, corporate senior management have with FES after the filing? When were the non-back ended functions actually split? 
Chuck Jones: Well, in November of 2016, we were providing on the order of $300 million worth of corporate shared services to the generation business. The process of winding all that down went all the way to the date where they emerged from bankruptcy and even beyond that. I can't tell you the specifics of when each individual functions ceased to be performed by the transition shared services agreement and when FES or Energy Harbor started to do that on their own. I can't answer the question of whether our executives were involved in the running of FES or Energy Harbor at any point after November of 2016. And the answer is no, we were not involved. We created corporate separation for a reason. We had to get about negotiating, you know, a plan of separation with FES, its bondholders, its creditors. There's no way we could have done that by operating on both sides. So, we severed those ties. We were not involved in any way in the decisions made by FES.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then several of sort of the individuals charged are long time lobbyists who interacted to some degree with company A and company A1 over the time period in question, can you tell us with any kind of specific what – you know what their affiliation was with both A and A1? For example, on, you know, individual peers to have a contact with sort of, you know, both the enterprises in question, you know, let's maybe just elaborate a little bit on the affiliations of those that were charged?
Chuck Jones: Well, let me say this, we do employ lobbyists. When we do, we expect them to act in the same ethical manner that we hold ourselves accountable for. The lobbyists named in the affidavit and subsequently arrested did not work for FirstEnergy on House Bill 6. And to my knowledge, they have never worked for FirstEnergy. Who they worked for? I'm not sure, but I know they did not work for us.
Shar Pourreza : Got it. And then, Chuck, just one last question, and just to follow-up on Steve's on the 501C4, what was like the underlining, you know, vetting process at the time for making those payments? I mean, would Regulatory Affairs just request them and receive approval freely? I guess, how do you assess whether those funds were directed towards that 501C would be used for like “societal benefits versus political aspirations”?
Chuck Jones: With all due respect Shar, I'm going to stay away from that question.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Well, thanks, you know, Chuck, for addressing some of this. I know it's a tough subject and the visibility is really important. So thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Julien Dumolin-Smith of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Hey, good morning, team. Thanks for the time. At risk of delving into the obvious again, if I can follow on Shar’s line of questioning, on the services arrangement, I just want to understand the historical setup here. You know, obviously, this historical arrangement on the services side lasted for some time, as you just articulated, but with respect to the External Affairs piece of this, how do you think about the decision making under that services arrangement, right? Because if you can clarify a little bit, I understand that you all were doing a lot of different things, you know, including running material affairs for them, which would presumably include some of these related activities. How do you think about what that would include and in running a services arrangement, what does that mean in terms of their decision making versus your own, if you can articulate that a little bit more?
Chuck Jones: External Affairs was one of the areas that they separated very quickly and put in place their own Vice President of External Affairs, began working with their own law firms, began working with and hiring their own lobbyists. We were virtually out of the External Affairs business for FES very shortly after November of 2016. So, it's a bad assumption to assume that we were doing that for them, we were not.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Right. So to the extent that you are running a services arrangement for them in other facets for a longer duration, including seemingly through some for 2020, it's specifically in the context of External Affairs, which would presumably include lobbing that seems to terminated very quickly, if [indiscernible]?
Chuck Jones: Yes, I think you should think about it more in terms of Administrative Affairs that we were providing them, payroll, HR services, some, you know, financial services, IT services, those types of things we were providing. You know, it took a while to figure out how to get that all separated, but the things that are involved with leading and running a company, all separated very early.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: And then if I can ask, when you think about the funding of the 501C4, I mean, to the extent to which that you've done this in the past, you've done – you contributed to the 501 before even prior to the separation of the companies here. I mean, that is not necessarily in question here, just to be very clear with you all, when you think about the investigation, you know, I just want to separate perceptions from proximate realities for the case, if you can speak to that and activities in 501C4s?
Chuck Jones: I bracketed the amount of money that we spent on House Bill 6, I'm not going to get into the details of how we spent it on this call.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Understood. Last question for you super quick. I know you've articulated your own plans about that transition of the management team, and that was obviously [indiscernible] how do you think about your [Technical Difficulty].
Chuck Jones: We're losing you Julien, I can't hear your question.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Sorry. Do you think you'll stay on to the pendency of the investigation just to help [indiscernible]?
Chuck Jones: Well, to my knowledge, I've never articulated anything that what we've publicly said. And I think I've said that I have made no definitive retirement plans and it certainly won't be this year, and I absolutely am not going to – you know, not going to – not do my part to help restore the reputation of this company to what it truly deserves.
Julien Dumolin-Smith : Absolutely. Alright. All the best. Good luck.
Chuck Jones: Thank you, Julien.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Stephen Byrd: Hi, Good morning.
Chuck Jones: Hi, Stephen. 
Stephen Byrd: Just wanted to talk about FES and governance there, was there any FirstEnergy executives on the board of FES post-2016? 
Chuck Jones: Excuse me, say that again, Stephen.
Stephen Byrd: Post-2016 at FES, were there any FirstEnergy executives or other FirstEnergy folks on the Board of FES?
Chuck Jones: No FirstEnergy executives were on the board of FES.
Stephen Byrd: Okay, thank you. And then just another question …
Chuck Jones: The FES selected independent directors and I think Donnie Schneider, who was the President of FirstEnergy Solutions was on the Board, but no FE executives served on that Board.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. Thank you. And then just another question on the statement that the company made about this that you don't believe anything was done wrong. There's a fairly short tone between the subpoenas being issued to a number of FirstEnergy entities in that statement and I guess I'm just wondering [and no delicate] way to ask you exactly that, it’s a pretty short time to kind of make an assessment to make sure that everyone felt confident that no one at FirstEnergy was doing anything wrong. What gives you the confidence that no one was doing anything wrong given the short amount of time between the subpoenas and the statement issued?
Chuck Jones: I would just say that – so first of all, our statement was that we believe that FirstEnergy acted properly in our dealings on House Bill 6. We can't speak to what happened by anybody other than FirstEnergy. The financial support we provided to House Bill 6 isn't complicated. We know what we did. We know why we did it. We're looking forward to sharing that with the Department of Justice. That's what gives me the confidence to be able to say that we acted properly. 
Stephen Byrd: Okay, understood. And just last question, in terms of – we've seen some rating agencies’ sort of action statements recently, do you see any need to support your credit position in the near-to-medium term given those statements? Or do your equity plan sort of span and you don't see that need given what we've seen already from the rating agencies on this investigation?
Chuck Jones: Well, first of all, we've got plenty of liquidity right now. And as you might imagine, I spoke to both S&P and Moody's since Tuesday, we've seen what S&P did. You know they put us on a 90-day negative watch. You know, when I spoke to them both, I'll tell you what I told them. I told them that they should not put the ratings integrity of their ratings on the line for FirstEnergy. That it’s my job and our company's executive teams job to take care of our reputation, and we will do that, but I also told them that we're the same underlying company that existed before Tuesday. We've got an improving balance sheet, FFO-to-debt that's moving into the 12% to 13% range, strong earnings CAGR and that's the company that we are and that hasn't changed. And as we work through the process with the Justice Department, it's going to be the same company when we come out of it from a financial profile definitely. Steve, anything you want to add to the specifics on the liquidity question?
Steve Strah: No, Chuck. I mean our liquidity is strong at $3.5 billion. We have access to it. We can make all the reps and warranties under the facilities and expect to be able to do that moving forward.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. Just last question for me, have you had dialogue with PUCO since this investigation was announced and anything just to report on that side of things?
Chuck Jones: I have had no dialogue with the PUCO.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson: Hey, good morning.
Chuck Jones: Hi, Paul.
Paul Patterson: So, as you know, there's discussion about repealing HB 6. I'm just thinking other than the decoupling provision, is there any other significant or potential significant impact that would happen if it was repealed and not replaced? And also sort of likewise in the same area, since FES has emerged from bankruptcy, are there any contingencies or anything that we should think about that – or obligations to FirstEnergy, I mean to whatever Energy Harbor since you guys – since it's removed – since it's now out of bankruptcy, if you follow me?
Chuck Jones: Alright, so the first question is if House Bill 6 is repealed, what else happens? I mentioned in my prepared remarks that House Bill 6, when it went into law, actually resulted in a rate reduction for our customers despite the surcharges related to the nuclear plants and that was as a result of some of the, you know, previous payments that were being made for customers for renewable energy charges. It would depend how it’s repealed, how it's replaced, if at all. On what happens with those renewable energy surcharges on the decoupling piece, you know, decoupling provisions in the House Bill 6 can have many benefits. You know it provides rate certainty for both customers and shareholders until our next base rate case. You know, in the case of shareholders, it could provide a benefit depending on whether during a normal economic downturn, but right now, as I've said, with loads up due to workers being at home as a result of the pandemic combined with hot weather last month and this month, decoupling is actually providing a benefit to the customers. So, you know, if decoupling goes away, those are the types of benefits that are going to go away.
Paul Patterson: Okay, but any financial impact to you guys other than outside of decoupling? I mean, I'm just thinking like is there anything – the decoupling thing is there, other than that going away, is there any financial impact that we should think about potentially, again, absent decoupling that we should think about with?
Chuck Jones: No, not anything that's significant nor that we could accommodate within our plan.
Paul Patterson: Okay.
Chuck Jones: It's a few pennies of share, probably maximum, that it would benefit us. And as I said, if it's not there, the real risk is also shared by customers because they'd be paying a whole lot higher electric bills this summer than they're paying.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great. And then just with FES post-bankruptcy, your – is there any contingency or obligations that you have to them?
Chuck Jones: No, there's no change in our settlement agreement with FES and its bondholders, creditors and all of the other parties. The plan of reorganization was not contingent on House Bill 6 or any other support for the nuclear plants. There's no true-ups, any other financial obligations from FE to FES other than what was in our agreement that was approved by the court.
Paul Patterson: Okay. But that agreed, so that was – okay, I guess what I'm saying is that, should we – if something happens to FES, should we be concerned about it having any potential impact on you guys, since it's now emerged from bankruptcy et cetera, do you follow what I'm saying?
Chuck Jones: Well, the last I know, they were sitting on $900 plus million of cash. I don't – you know I can't speak for what's going on out there. That was a public announcement they made back in March. I don't – I'm not sitting here at all worried about that part of what used to be part of our company.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Appreciate that. And then, just in general, I mean, [82] pages of lots of information is put out there and obviously some of it is associated with the individuals that are arrested, I can see some sort of issue with. It's not clear to me what the actual, if any allegations that are actually being made about FirstEnergy in a legal manner have been being done illegally if you follow me. I have, of course, nothing to subpoena or what have you, but how should we think about that? I guess, when we look at the …
Chuck Jones: I'm going to let my prepared remarks stand on that question.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Again, thanks so much hang in there.
Chuck Jones: All right. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Paul Fremont of Mizuho. Please go ahead. 
Paul Fremont: Thank you. Basically, I just want – I want to start by following up on Steve Byrd's question. If you were faced with the prospect of a potential rating, downgrade by Standard & Poor's would you alter your equity financing plans to descend the rating or would you allow for the rating to go down?
Chuck Jones: I think in the short-term, we wouldn't do anything drastic. We wouldn't change our plan. And we would work to get them to the point where they're comfortable restoring our rating.
Paul Fremont: Okay.
John Taylor: As I said, the underlying financials of this company haven't changed. Our balance sheet is getting stronger. We're moving into the 12% to 13% range. You know, S&P has a 12% threshold there. We're not going to go below that. If they were to downgrade us as a result of this news, as I've said, it's our job to get this news behind us and when that happens, I would expect them to restore the rating that's appropriate.
Paul Fremont: Got it. Were you aware of the investigation prior to the FBI’s announcement and press conference this week or without the first time that you became aware of the investigation?
Chuck Jones: I'm not going to comment on that one.
Paul Fremont: Okay.
Chuck Jones: It'd be really nice. We got about 15 minutes left, if we could actually talk about the great quarter that we had at some point here.
Paul Fremont: I just have one more question. And I guess part of the affidavit alleges that there was a payment by you to one of the lobbyists, is that in correct that you made a payment to that lobbyist?
Chuck Jones: I would just say this, I think that the CEO reference in some of that affidavit wasn't me. I don't know who it was, but it was not me and I've never made a payment directly to a lobbyist in my life nor asked any lobbyists to make a payment to anyone else on behalf of our company in my life.
Paul Fremont: Great. That's it for me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys, thank you for taking my question. I actually want to dive in. Thank you, Chuck. I want to dive into something that is a bit regulatory related and is Ohio related, but it's something you deal with every year. You have your 2019 significantly excessive earnings test application out there. And the 2018 one, I don't think ever got ruled on. Your own data in the 2019 one shows a little over $300 million of net income next year, Ohio distribution utilities or about not quite 4 billion of rate base. Just curious how you're thinking about a, the process for resolving the last two seat tests; and b, the potential risk of a rate reduction in Ohio as a result of the seat test, and is that a rate reduction, if any happened? Would that be a one-time kind of refund to customers or would that be an ongoing lowering of rates?
John Taylor: Hey, Michael, this is John. You know, as you look at the seat test, you know, we filed that back in May a 10.9% return on equity. The two biggest drivers in that, there were some lower costs in 2019 versus 2018, lower interest cost and then we had some one-off expenses in 2018 that we incurred, but the bigger impact was that the Ohio utilities paid a dividend up to FE Corp. probably a little bit more than they have typically done in the past just because they hadn't paid a dividend in quite some time. So that was the key driver in the increase in the return on equity. I don't foresee any issues at the 10.9%. We’re well below the thresholds. And I think that will be – will resolve itself over some period of time. I can't remember the regulatory timeframe, maybe Eileen, if you want to talk through the regulatory timeframe on when that gets approved or how the process works for the seat.
Eileen Mikkelsen: Yeah, thanks. Good morning. It's Eileen Mikkelsen, Vice President of Rates and Regulatory Affairs. Thanks, John. The processes as you said, each year we make a filing in May reporting on our prior year's earnings, consistent with the statutory language with respect to the significantly excessive earnings test. At that time, we really wait for the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio to establish a procedural schedule for folks to provide comments on that seat filing, and then make a determination of whether or not we need to move to hearings or not move to hearings before they make a judgment about whether or not we have significantly excessive earnings. But John, as you said, with the filing at 10.9% we are not concerned that we have significantly excessive earnings in our Ohio utilities.
Michael Lapides: Okay. So, does that mean, are there any issues with the 2018 seat test, because I may be wrong, but I didn't think the commission had actually issued an order one way or the other on that. It just seems a little unusual for the 2018 one to be outstanding still when the 2019 one got bought.
Eileen Mikkelsen: There is no procedural schedule established as yet for resolving the 2018 seat proceeding. So, we await the establishment of a procedural schedule and then we will act accordingly, but again, that 2018 filing was 8.8% and so on a consolidated basis. So, again, no concerns that we have significantly excessive earnings in Ohio in 2018.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciate it.
Chuck Jones: Take care of Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Sophie Karp of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sophie Karp: Hi, good morning and thank you for taking my questions. Just maybe if you guys could provide a little bit more color on your conversations with the rating agencies and just try to understand a little better what exactly their concerns are, as they were communicated to you because like you pointed out, fundamentally the business, underlying business is on the right trajectory and remain strong, just curious what is it that they afraid of? Thank you.
Chuck Jones: I don't have any more color to provide. I pretty much shared everything that I discussed with them and I think he didn't mean to read what they wrote and call them if you have more questions.
Sophie Karp: All right. And then secondly, if I may quickly follow up, you went through a regulatory president to establish the decoupling mechanism. So presumably, if that was reversed, you would have to go to that similar proceeding again. And my question is, would that in any way trigger a full rate review in your opinion? Thank you.
Chuck Jones: There wasn't a full rate review to implement the coupling, I would hardly think that there would be one to decoupling.
Sophie Karp: Alright. Thank you.
Chuck Jones: Okay. Thank you, Sophie.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Durgesh Chopra of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, guys, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Just really, quickly, first on Q3 guidance, any comment on what you're assuming in terms of COVID impacts clearly things in Q2 tend to be trending better than where you are at least the Q1 call?
John Taylor: Hi Durgesh. This is John. I think, you know, if you look at this second quarter load on a weather adjusted basis, you were down 4%, residential was up 15, commercials down 15, industrials down 12, I think you could probably assume the total, you know, 4% load reduction off a prior year will be consistent, but my sense is the mix will be different. We're starting to see residential come down slightly. We're starting to see commercial improve slightly and industrial improved slightly. So, I think the mix will be, you know, different, but the load in terms of just total load versus last year will be fairly consistent with what we saw in the second quarter. With respect to COVID related costs, you know, we have the deferral mechanisms on uncollectible expenses, and all that's been recorded up to what we have in base rates. So, I don't anticipate any issues there. And the other COVID costs that we're incurring in the main, they're not that significant. So, I don't anticipate any impact from COVID in the third quarter.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood, thanks. And then just Chuck, quickly, going back to FES liabilities, I just wanted to make sure I understood that clearly. So, as I recall through the bankruptcy proceeding, you have some obligations on specifically nuclear decommissioning and coal ash, if FES were to get in any kind of financial trouble, are you saying that you're okay with where those stress balances are that you're comfortable in that whole situation? I'm just trying to understand that will those obligations be FirstEnergy obligations if FirstEnergy situation does get into any kind of financial trouble or no?
Chuck Jones: Durgesh, you have – you do not understand correctly. We have no obligations for nuclear decommissioning. We have no direct obligations for any coal ash. We put in place a surety bond, as part of our agreement that we negotiated with FES to ensure the coal ash mitigation happened properly, but that bond is in place and it was part of our Separation Agreement that was approved by the bankruptcy court, and we have no other ongoing financial obligations. 
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. Thank you. Thank you for that clarification. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Andrew Weisel of Scotia Bank. Please go ahead.
Andrew Weisel: Thanks for taking my question and I will say congratulation on a good quarter.
Chuck Jones: Thanks.
Andrew Weisel: If I can just elaborate on the seat and more specifically, you’ve disclosed the earned ROE of 10.9% in Ohio for 2019, but when I look at the net income of the subsidiaries subtract out the DMR and just do the simple algebra, it points to something significantly higher like north of 20%, can you just help me reconcile those numbers and why it seems like a pretty big disparity between the [10.9] and what the net income from those subsidiaries look like?
John Taylor: Yeah. So, this is John. So, I think what you see in our Ohio utilities, financial statements and what's included and see, obviously we start with what's in the financials, but there are exclusions per the regulations and adjustments that you need to make in order to calculate the seat. And so, you know, I don't have the list of adjustments on the top of my head here and probably wouldn't be a good use of time to go through every single adjustment on the call, but there are certain adjustments that we make, not only in the income that's reported by the utilities, but also in the equity that's reported by the utilities. It is a rolling 13-month average equity balance that's used to calculate the 10.9% or the 8.8% in the previous year. So, there are some adjustments that we would just need to walk through, and we could do that offline, if that makes sense.
Andrew Weisel: Could you maybe just give one or two of the biggest still? I mean, you're talking about like a doubling of net income versus what the dumb guide math would imply?
Eileen Mikkelsen: It's Eileen. Thinking of the adjustments like John, we can take this offline, but coming to mind for example, Ohio Edison has Penn Power as a subsidiary, so we have to adjust Penn Power out because that is not relevant to the Ohio ratemaking formula. So, there's things like that that are included that are necessary adjustments in order to meet the statutory test.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question this morning is coming from Charles Fishman of Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Charles Fishman: Yeah. Chuck, I was skeptical. Your revenues would be as resilient as they were. So, you know, with respect to COVID-19 after the last quarter, but they certainly were this quarter. So, I'll give you that [add able on] the quarter. And then…
Chuck Jones: Thank you. Hey Charles, and also I saw you quoted in some of the media earlier this week. Thank you for the vote of confidence.
Charles Fishman: Okay, well, you're welcome. Okay, so since I did that, I forget just one quick question on Ohio. Okay, the DCR. Connect the opened up, as far as the ROE are we pretty much on autopilot until the ESP expires in 2024?
Chuck Jones: Eileen will take that.
Eileen Mikkelsen: Thanks Chuck. With respect to DCR in Ohio, I would agree we are on autopilot through the end of our ESP, which is currently in effect through May of 2024.
Charles Fishman : Okay. Thanks a lot. That’s all I have.
Chuck Jones: Thank you, Charles. Alright. Thank you all for your support. Thanks for at least getting a few questions on the quarter. We'll talk to you again when it's appropriate. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's events. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings! And welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp, First Quarter 2020 Earning Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you Ms. Prezelj, you may begin.
Irene Prezelj: Thanks Melissa. Welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Today we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies and prospects. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such statements can be found on our Investors section of our Web site under the earnings information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on the FirstEnergy Investor Relations Web site, along with the presentation which supports today's discussion. Participants in today’s call include Chuck Jones, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Strah, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I will note that we are all virtually participating in this call and we have several other executives on the phone as well that are available to join us for the Q&A session. Now, I will the call over to Chuck.
Chuck Jones: Thank you, Irene, and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us. These are unprecedented times. We hope all of you are listening this morning are safe and healthy. We realize you have numerous questions on how this public health emergency affects FirstEnergy. Our goal today is obviously to review our first quarter earnings, which once again are solid, but also to talk about the journey we've been on during the COVID-19 pandemic and the path that we see ahead. I'll cover the broader story of our business and why we believe our strategy is built for resiliency during this crisis. I'll also review the actions we are currently taking to navigate in today's environment. Overall, I'm confident we're well positioned to manage through these events. First, the diversity and scale of our transmission and distribution operations across 65,000 square miles in five states is a fundamental strength for FirstEnergy. We operate critical infrastructure, and that means everything our employees do is considered essential work. But as we continue this important work to maintain our large electric system and provide the energy our customers and communities need my number one priority is to help keep our employees, their families and our customers safe. Minimize the risks, we have taken significant steps to quickly adapt to the new circumstances and protect the health of our employees and customers. We successfully transitioned more than 7000 employees to work remotely. That's more than half of our workforce and it includes moving our call center employees to a work at home environment as well. For our workforce unable to work remotely, we've implemented preventative measures to help keep them safe on the job. We've secured protective equipment like surgical masks, and other supplies like thermometer, they're being used by our operated companies, regulated generation plants and other work groups. We have also increased cleaning and disinfecting measures, relocated job briefs and reporting locations to sites conducive to social distancing and adjusted work schedules. We have positioned crews so they are working with the same small group of people each day on what we call pods. They're consistently using the same vehicle and the same equipment to limit exposure. And we are managing our work to minimize potential exposure with the public. We continue adjusting our work plans and remain flexible to meet the ongoing needs of our workers, minimize the spread of this virus and adopt the current guidance from state and federal health agencies. It takes consistent communication on everyone's part, focusing on the health and safety of our employees and customers throughout the process. This pandemic has become a defining moment for our country and our company. What encourages me is knowing that we will emerge from this stronger because we've come together to learn how to work smarter, more creatively and more efficiently. In fact, we're all very well positioned to manage the impact of the economic slowdown. And we believe our distribution and transmission investments will continue to provide stable and predictable earnings. As the situation continues to develop, the diversity and scale of our operations gives us the flexibility to shift our investments if needed and continue deploying capital throughout the system. While we're keeping a close eye on our supply chain, we do not anticipate significant disruptions. Since the middle of March, we have been looking at the early impact the pandemic is having on usage trends, both from a system wide load perspective and from a sampling of Pennsylvania smart meter data. We have seen system wide weather adjusted load dropped by almost 6% from mid-March until mid-April, compared to the same timeframe last year. We've also seen increases of more than 6% for Pennsylvania residential customers driven by the stay at home order. We would expect similar increases in residential usage across the rest of our service territory since all of our states are operating under stay at home orders. While our commercial and industrial customer load is down almost 13% compared to our four year average, from 2016 to 2019, I would remind you that prior to the pandemic we were already seeing reduced industrial sales due to the manufacturing recession. However, our rate structures provide a measure of stability even in tumultuous times. About two thirds of our base distribution revenues come from residential sales, while 28% are from commercial customers and about 7% come from the industrial sector. And about 20% of our total load is on the decoupled rate structure in Ohio. In addition, a significant portion of our base distribution revenue isn't directly tied to energy consumption, but is derived from other billing determinants. In fact, about 80% of commercial rates and 90% of industrial are made up of customer and demand charges. We are pleased that in Maryland, the Public Service Commission proactively issued an order this month authorizing deferral for future recovery of all prudent incremental COVID-19 related cost. The strong regulatory policy demonstrates firm support for our customers and our business. I would like to personally thank Chairman Stanek and the rest of the commissioners in Maryland for their leadership on this important regulatory issue. We can also recover incremental uncollectible expenses through existing riders in Ohio and New Jersey. Our current regulatory calendar is light through our 2023 planning period. Active items include the distribution base rate case we filed in New Jersey in February, seeking to recover increasing costs associated with providing safe and reliable electric service for our customers. Along with recovery of storm costs incurred over the last few years, we expect an ALJ will be assigned to our case soon followed by the issuance of a procedural schedule. In the meantime, the discovery phase of the case has begun for parties to review the date details of our request. We anticipate the litigation schedule to provide the opportunity to discuss favorable settlement with the parties in the case. We also reached an agreement to transfer JCP&L's portion of the Yard's Creek plant to LS Power and we expect that transaction to close in the first half of 2021 pending approvals. In West Virginia, we have a requirement to make an informational filing by December 30 2020 for our Integrated Resource Plan. The IRP updates our plan to provide our West Virginia customers with adequate and reliable generation resources that are reasonably balanced cost and risk. And finally, we have a commitment to file a rate case for our smallest utility Potomac Edison in Maryland by early 2023. Moving now to our first quarter results, which marked another quarter of solid execution as a fully regulated company. Yesterday after market closed, we reported GAAP earnings of $0.14 per share, along with operating earnings of $0.66 per share, which is a $0.01 above the midpoint of our guidance range. Our results were driven by higher transmission margin and lower expenses which helped to offset the impact of mild weather on our distribution revenues. As always, Steve will discuss the drivers in more detail later in the call. We're affirming our 2020 earnings guidance of $2.40 per share to $2.60 per share. We are also affirming our expected CAGR of 6% to 8% through 2021 and 5% to 7% extending through 2023 as well as our plan to issue up to a total of $600 million in equity in 2020 to 2023. In addition, we're introducing earnings guidance at $0.48 to $0.58 per share for the second quarter of 2020. While the financial markets have been extremely volatile and sometimes illiquid these past couple of months FirstEnergy continues to be a low risk stable, predictable utility. We have adequate liquidity of $3.5 billion, strong and proven access to the capital markets and a pension plan that's outperformed in these volatile market conditions due to its low risk conservative asset allocation. Steve will also cover these three probably in greater detail. Finally, let me take a moment to discuss our succession planning. I've been getting a lot of questions on this. Just because I look old doesn't mean I feel old. Well, I don't plan on going anywhere yet. I know many of you have been wondering about our plans for a transition. I can tell you that our Board has been just as thorough and thoughtful on this topic as they are with any other key governance issue. We started planning for my replacements literally right after I became CEO. What started as our typical emergency planning has evolved into robust succession planning discussions. In 2018, we made several moves that were designed to broaden the experience of some of our key executives. This included placing Steve into the CFO role, bringing Sam Belcher over from FENOC to become President of the Utilities and moving John Taylor out of the Finance organization into a leadership role and distribution operations. The Board and I are continuing discussions and I would expect you may see additional organizational moves within our leadership team in the coming months. They're part of what I said will be a thoughtful transition and leadership at FirstEnergy. But having said that, I have made no decision about my own retirement and as long as the good load and my Board are willing, it won't be anytime this year. Thank you for your time. Stay well and we look forward to seeing many of you once again when things return to normal. Now Steve will review the first quarter.
Steve Strah: Good morning. It's great to speak with you today. As always, you'll find all reconciliations along with other detailed information about the quarter in our strategic and financial highlights document that's posted on our Web site. Now let's review our results. We reported first quarter GAAP earnings of $0.14 per share. Our GAAP results included $318 million non-cash after tax pension and OPEB mark-to-market adjustment that we were required to recognize when FirstEnergy Solutions emerge from bankruptcy at the end of February as an unaffiliated independent company, now called Energy Harbor. This adjustment was considered was consistent with the range we provided on our fourth quarter earnings call. I will revisit the status of our pension funding and liquidity position later in my comments. Adjusting for this charge as well as other special items, first quarter operating earnings were $0.66 per share, which is above the midpoint of the guidance we provided on our last earnings call. In the distribution business, earnings decrease compared to the first quarter of 2019. Lower revenues were driven by the impact of mild weather on customer usage. This was mostly offset by Ohio decoupling revenues, as well as incremental rider revenue in both Ohio and Pennsylvania. First quarter 2020 distribution earnings also decreased due to the absence of Ohio DMR revenue, higher depreciation expense and net financing costs, which offset lower expenses. Customer usage decreased compared to the first quarter of 2019 on an actual and weather adjusted basis, heating degree days were approximately 18% below normal in the first quarter of 2019. This drove a decrease in actual residential sales of 12.6% compared to the first quarter of 2019. On a weather adjusted basis, residential sales decreased by 1.3%, compared to the same period last year. We continue to see modest growth in customer count. In the commercial customer class, first quarter sales decreased 7.5% on an actual basis and 1.6% when adjusted for whether compared to the first quarter of 2019. And finally, in our industrial class, first quarter load decreased 3% compared to the same period last year. Consistent with our fourth quarter, we only saw growth in the shale gas sector, with declines in other major sectors in our footprint. Looking at first quarter results in the transmission business, our earnings increased primarily due to higher rate base at our formula rate companies related to our continuing investments in energizing the future program. And in our customer segment, first quarter results primarily reflect lower operating expenses. Last quarter, we discussed our pension performance for 2019 and its impact on future funding requirements. I'd like to update that today in light of market volatility in our pension remark from February 26 of this year. As we told you on the fourth quarter, the funded status of our plan was 79% at year end, the strong performance of our plan investments in 2019 resulted in a significant reduction in our plan funding requirements in 2022 and 2023 of about $300 million. At our February remeasurement, our funded status was 77% and our funding requirements decreased again slightly. From $159 million down to $140 million for 2022 and from $375 million down to $360 million for 2023. Our conservative asset allocation has served us well so far in 2020. Back in mid 2019, we made the decision to move nearly $1 billion of plant assets out of public equities into cash. At the end of 2019, we held only about 25% of total assets in equities. We also have a good story when we're looking at pension as of the end of the first quarter, while the S&P was down 20%, our assets declined only 4.4% as of March 31. After our fourth quarter call, but prior to market volatility related to the virus, we successfully completed refinancing of $1.75 billion in FE Corp debt at a blended rate of 2.9%. That transaction was executed at the best rates ever seen in the utility space. In March, we completed a $250 million debt financing at MAIT, and in April, we completed a $250 million debt financing at Penelec. Finally, in February, we used the proceeds from our senior note issuance, together with cash on hand to fund the final settlement payment of $853 million to Energy Harbor upon their emergence. The remaining proceeds from the $1.75 billion corp debt issuance were used to refinance $1 billion in bank term loans. Our maturities are manageable and our liquidity position is strong. We have remaining debt maturities of only $800 million this year, including $50 million at Toledo Edison, and a $500 million term loan at FE Corp, which we plan to refinance this summer. We project liquidity of approximately $3.5 billion over the next 12 months and our liquidity facilities are committed until the year end 2022. We do not issue commercial paper. So we've avoided liquidity issues experienced by many others in the industry over the past two months. Before I turn the call over to your questions, I'd like to reiterate FirstEnergy's overall value proposition, which is very simple, but also very unique, especially in periods of extreme volatility and uncertainly, like we're facing today. FirstEnergy is a low risk fully regulated, stable and predictable wires utility that spans five states, including providing scale and diversity. Our 6 million utility customers provide revenue stability. Two-thirds of our distribution revenues stem from our residential customers, which are higher margin, while only one-third is generated from our C&I customers, which are lower margin. When combined with Ohio decoupling, this mix partially insulates FirstEnergy from recessions. We have very good regulatory relationships in our jurisdictions. And our current regulatory calendar is light through our 2023 planning period, resulting in low regulatory risk across our footprint. We invest $3 billion annually across our service area and we have a long pipeline of regulated capital expenditures. More than 60% of our investments are under formula rates and riders that minimize regulatory lag and provide timely return on and returns of those investments. One-third of our earnings come from FirstEnergy transmission, which is not influenced by near-term changes in customer load and is primarily supported by capital programs mandated by PJM or required by FirstEnergy to maintain safe, reliable transmission service across our very large footprint. We are an investment grade company targeting BBB credit ratings from all three rating agencies. Our liquidity is adequate at $3.5 billion. Our access to the capital markets is season, proven and remains very strong. In combination, all of these attributes support an attractive CAGR as well as a sustainable dividend that management aspires to grow, both of which are strongly desired by true utility investors. And finally, our management team has a proven track record of meeting or exceeding its commitments. Thank you. And now let's take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good morning team. Thank you all and hope you all are well. I wanted to follow up just to come back to where you started the conversation actually. Can you talk about more on the operational side, how employees are handling the situation and how you think about the return to work, especially across the very different states that you operate in? And then perhaps in tandem with that, if I can throw in there, how do you think about executing against your capital spend plans just given having your employees dispersed et cetera as it stands today and under what scenarios you might reevaluate your CapEx too, but first on the operational and second on the CapEx?
Chuck Jones: All right. So first, Julien, operationally, I think it's important to point out and FirstEnergy is not unique here. Our industry has prepared for business continuity, every company and part of that has been for the last couple of decades, at least a pandemic Emergency Response Plan. We dusted it off a few times over the years with MERS and SARS and H1N1 and Ebola. This time, obviously, we put it into full implementation. The time to prepare for something like this isn't when it's happened. But it's in advance when life is normal. And we put a lot of thought into how we were going to go about this. And I just tell you, I'm very proud of our entire leadership team and literally down to every single employee. They've all stepped up, they've showed creativity, ingenuity. And I think, our operations are continuing almost as if normal, even with 7000 people working remotely, our field forces have maintained a positive attitude. We very quickly negotiated memorandums of understandings with all of our unions across the five states on how we were going to operate. They have the PPE. They have the ability to work in pods, as I said in my call, and that's three or four employees reporting to one location as opposed to having several dozen coming into a service center and delivering materials remotely. I think the proof is that it's working as we've had nine cases at FirstEnergy for a 13,000 employee workforce. One of those cases in New Jersey, unfortunately resulted in a death. But we've had zero cases where the disease has been transferred at work. And I think that shows that the things that we're doing are working. I think we can stay in this mode for a while. And I think that gives us the flexibility to be very thoughtful and deliberate on how and when we want to return to normal operations. I honestly don't think the world is going to get back to normal until there's widespread distribution of a vaccine for this virus. So, we're evaluating what the new normal is going to mean in the interim. But, to your specific question on CapEx, a big piece of our guidance in our CAGR is driven by those investments. And as I said, we don't see any supply chain interruptions that we're worried about right now. And that includes the workforce supply chain, because most of the significant capital investment that we're making is being done with a contracted workforce that we lined up many, many years ago. We lined up really before we started energizing the future seven years ago. So right now, I mean, I don't see anything that I'm worried about taking this off track. And that's why we're comfortable with being able to not only reaffirm our guidance for this year, but reaffirm our CAGR.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Shar Pourreza: So just in New Jersey, there's a lot going on with the BP workload. And I know we're still kind of waiting for the procedural schedule. But any sort of sense on whether we could see a settlement struck this year from a timing perspective, as we think about COVID related challenges, and any sense on the timing of the next IIP.
Chuck Jones: Well, first on the rate case, it got delayed, I think a little bit as everybody was responding and reacting to this pandemic. But I think they'll get the schedule back on track here soon. Assign it to an ALJ, get a procedural schedule. We weren't anticipating really anything to happen with a final outcome on that case this year anyway. I think there will be opportunities along the way to have settlement discussions, if that would happen, it'll be late this year at the earliest I would think. So I don't -- I just don't expect much impact of that rate case in 2020. And there's none of that in our guidance anyway. As far as the IIP, the current IIP runs through the end of this year. And I think right now, I'm not sure that we're even going to file for an additional IIP. We're still evaluating it. But right now, we don't have any plans to do that. We've got the investments that we're making in capital going on in transmission and other states in our operating area. And I think we're going to be fine with the service to our customers in New Jersey after this first round.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then in Pennsylvania, it's been quiet. Does your sort of experience in Ohio and kind of the latest macro uncertainty maybe strengthen the case for seeking decoupling which has been available. I mean, some of these usage trends may structurally change over the long term as you kind of obviously highlighted as a new normal or is kind of this DSIC adequate for you until you kind of file the next GRC?
Chuck Jones: We don't have any plans for a broad rate case activity in Pennsylvania for the next several years. And I think that LTIP and the DSIC mechanism are working fine. And they're generating the type of investment that's needed for customers and they're generating reliable returns for shareholders without lag. So I think the way things work in Pennsylvania are working fine and I don't see any reason to change it.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. Thanks a lot guys. That was it this morning. And Chuck by the way, that's for the record, you do look very young, not old. Thanks, guys.
Chuck Jones: Thanks Shar.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Byrd: Most of the key questions have been addressed. I did have one broader question. Just as we think about going into 2021. If we do have an extended economic downturn, so recovery is slow. How do you think about just your CapEx plans, ability for customers to handle the impact of the CapEx? Is that viewed as just, this is critical work that needs to be done? Or is there any just consideration of customer ability to pay if we do have a very extended pretty severe economic downturn? How do you just think about that longer term?
Chuck Jones: Well, we haven't exactly seen a lot of load growth across our footprint over the last half a dozen years or so really since the last big recession. And so, the impact on customers is always something that we're very thoughtful about as we make these investments. But I do believe these investments are investments that are needed. The transmission and distribution infrastructure we have at FirstEnergy is old. It's in some cases in need of repair and modernization. I think that the automation that we're adding in some areas, we're making these changes to serve customers better. And I think we're doing it in a way by moving it around from state to state and so forth, that that we are constantly watching out for the impact on customers and keeping our bills very moderate and keeping our rates amongst the lowest in pretty much every jurisdiction that we work in. So I think we keep an eye on that all the time. And I don't see anything happening here that's going to cause us to have to significantly adjust our plans.
Stephen Byrd: Well, that's a thoughtful answer that makes sense. Maybe just one last one. I think you gave a very thorough response on just COVID-19 impacts. If we zeroed in on the supply chain, if we do have an extended shelter in place dynamic, are there certain elements of the supply chain that you focus on more as being sort of more at risk if conditions deteriorate, or overall? Do you feel fairly good about the supply chain dynamic?
Chuck Jones: As of right now, as I said in my prepared remarks, we're not seeing anything that concerns us. We made a decision at FirstEnergy a number of years ago, four, four and a half years ago to implement a Buy America strategy. So we don't rely a whole lot on foreign supplies. We're 80% plus buy in from American made -- buy America made products from American companies. And I do think that well, in the short-term -- I think in the short-term, the risk was bigger there. I think you're going to see the states have to reopen. And I do think from our experience, there are ways to bring people back to work and give them the PP and take their temperatures. And introduce at some point, antibody testing and take steps to get people to work and still maintain a healthy workforce and not have this virus spread. So, I think you can accomplish both. Right now, I'm not concerned, I think that our supply chain is going to be fine.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Fleishman: So just a question on the -- maybe just a little bit of baselining on what you're assuming for sales and in terms of like the length of the downturn here? Is there, I know your sensitivity is relatively low compared to a lot of other utilities. But just be good to have a rough idea of what kind of economic or base assumption you're using for the downturn from the virus and the like in your planning? And how much have you sensitized that?
Chuck Jones: So let me let me start with an answer here. And then maybe I'll ask Eileen to step in and provide some additional color. But, my view Steve is, it's a jigsaw puzzle that we're still trying to piece all the parts together on. We talked about the impact of the stay at home orders driving residential usage up 6% to 6.5%. And the fact that 65% of our distribution revenues come from this segment, the reduction in load on the commercial and industrial is about 13%. And, but as I said 80% to 90% of that is collected through customer charges and demand charges, and then you layer on top of that, the decoupling in Ohio, which represents about 20% of our load. When you put that all together, I'm confident that that there's not going to be any material swing in weather adjusted revenues that are going to take us off track from delivering on our guidance, because, or I wouldn't have reaffirmed guidance. So, in the end, we don't have a final number that I can give you yet. But I can tell you this, we just added one quarter on top of five years now of meeting or exceeding every midpoint that we've given you. And I don't plan to break that record. So, I do think there will be continued lingering effect with the C&I even after the stay at home orders begin to be reduced. But also, as I said, with our company, I don't expect 7000 people to come back to work all at once. So I think some of the positive impacts in the residential segment are going to continue for a while to maybe not at 6% to 6.5%. But, at some level, above normal. So Eileen, you have anything you want to add?
Eileen Mikkelsen: Thanks, Chuck. I think you really nailed it. We continue to look at this very carefully. The only thing I would add is that in addition to our own models, we're looking very carefully at economic indicators from Moody's and others to inform our view of the forecast going forward. And other than that Chuck spot on what you had to say.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. So my read of that is that the way your revenues work and that the part that's locked up and not volume sensitive plus the way, you've got things locked up with C&I more on a demand charge, kind of not that you're fully protected, but it gives you just a decent amount of protection to deal with this, even if it extends longer than people generally think.
Chuck Jones: Yes. And I'll add, Steve said that a third of it comes from transmission, which isn't load dependent.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman: I'd like a follow-up on that last question. On Slide 4, where you show like 80% to 90% of C&I is fixed rates? How does a good portion of that fixed rate is a demand charge? How typically does that reset realizing your -- you got numerous jurisdiction. But does that demand charge reset on an annual basis typically, so even though it doesn't impact you this year, if a commercial or industrial customer cuts back on load, would that impact you next year on that fixed component?
Chuck Jones: For the fixed component is basically something that resets every month. So and their monthly bill is based on what the peak demand they hit in that month is. And so it's not directly tied to the throughput that that we're talking about when we say usage is off by 13%. It's the first the fixed customer charge and then the demand charge. So, now if you've got a factory that was working three shifts and it's now down to work in one shift, the demand charge from that one shift is essentially going to set the bill. So, and we don't know -- we don't reset rates every year. So our rates are in place until we have a -- until we have a rate case. Then, the demand charges are what the demand charges are, and they're based on the demand the customer hits every month. So, Eileen, anything you want to add there?
Eileen Mikkelsen: No, Chuck. Thank you.
Charles Fishman: Chuck, wait, maybe try to put it in a more simpler fashion for me. Let's say you have a factory that's got three lines of production. And because of a continued downturn, they said that we're only going to use two lines of production. Well, obviously that cuts down on the demand. Then, what you're saying here is that fixed component does go lower after a while correct?
Chuck Jones: It can go lower in that scenario, it would likely go lower for that customer.
Charles Fishman: And then at that point, you'd have to wait for a rate case to reset rates and recover that correct?
Eileen Mikkelsen: Chuck, if I could jump in here. When I'm sensing up, pardon me, when I think about those demand rates in the scenario you just indicated, we have billing demands that are set on a monthly basis, what's the peak demand you hit on a monthly basis. So if a customer's running three separate shifts, and they go to one shift, their peak demand isn't necessarily as Chuck said earlier going to change as a result of that elimination of those two extra shifts because it's not an aggregate demand over the course of the day rather, it's the peak demand during that day, so we would expect that to be, the billing demand to remain in place based on that one shift example you just used.
Charles Fishman: Well, but I guess what I'm saying is, what if a customer makes a conscientious decision to lower its demand by reducing the size of its production? So, irrespective of number of shifts?
Chuck Jones: In that case there will be a reduction in that customer's bill, but paying out when you think about across the entire segment, not all customers are going to have the ability to do that. And, all we're trying to tell you is, our experiences during past recessions, that even know throughput might be off by 13% revenue isn't off by that same amount because of these fixed charges and demand charges that occur in their bills.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides: Thank you for taking my question and appreciate you taking all the time on today's earnings call. Actually, I have a question about customer counts, not necessarily demand, but just the number of customers you serve. Can you talk about trends you have seen both on the residential side and on the industrial side, just in terms of the number of customers served over the last couple of years? Can you talk about what happens coming out of 2008, 2009 to your customer counts across the residential and industrial level?
Chuck Jones: Well, the 2008, 2009 numbers are not in my brain anymore maybe they're in Eileen's or someone else's. But obviously, we lost a lot of customers. I know the numbers that stick in my brain, we lost 25% of our industrial load in one year from part of '08 to end of '09. And I think, I remember in Ohio I think it was 50,000 meters that we lost in Ohio alone. So we are seeing growth in meters every year. Maybe Eileen can fill in some of those numbers. But the growth in meters is pretty much also being offset by the fact that energy efficiency is working against that growth, which is what results in pretty much flat to no low growth across our footprint. Eileen, you have any thing on the numbers?
Eileen Mikkelsen: Yes. Thanks, Chuck. I would just say our residential customer counts have grown quarter-over-quarter. In quarter one in 2020 versus quarter one in 2019, just about a 0.5% in customer growth counts. So we've seen that quarter, that trend continuing each and every quarter for a number of prior quarters.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you and just real quick. That's an easy one. Can you remind us what is the load growth assumption in your 6% to 8%, in your 5% to 7% long-term EPS growth rates?
Chuck Jones: Steve, do you want to take that one?
Steve Strah: Yes. Michael, we're assuming basically load to be flat over our planning horizon. So when you look at the trailing 12 months, we see that we're slightly below that right now. But that's what we have baked into both these 6% to 8% and the 5% to 7%.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And you are still assuming in the 6% to 8% that it'll still be flat.
Steve Strah: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: I'm just thrilled, I guess, just sort of tie things up here with all these questions on the economy. If we have a deep recession, are you guys saying that you guys are relatively economically or you guys are relatively insulated or immune, I guess to a big slowdown, because the one thing that comes to mind here is that, we're potentially at least in this region, looking at businesses maybe never reopening. It's not out of the question here. I mean, retail establishments, just in general. I'm just trying to make sure that I get completely clear. Are you guys saying that basically, if we have a big deep, long-term recession, you don't see any regulatory changes or anything that could impact you guys?
Chuck Jones: I think what we're trying to say right now is that the diversity of our footprint, the diversity of our revenue streams with a third being transmission that's not load dependent. And 65% of the distribution revenue being residential and that piece at least as long as the stay at home or there in fact is growing that we see nothing that significantly give you a range of earnings of $0.20 that's going to take us outside of that range. So we were comfortable reaffirming our guidance. And as I said, I mean we're a big company and we have over $2 billion of O&M related expenses in our company and if we need to get a little more diligent at O&M discipline to offset some of what might be happening on the meter side of things, we'll do that. We've got a lot of moving parts as being a regulated utility that we can -- we can work to deliver on our commitments. So I think the way to take that is, yes, I'm certain that there are going to be in particular small businesses that don't reopen after this pandemic. They just don't have the working capital and the liquidity to survive something like this with no revenues coming in. But, I do think in time, somebody will replace them, because the services they were providing are needed by society. So I think, it's going to be deeper than what maybe a lot of people think and maybe more U-shaped than what some people think. But I think we're built to be able to handle it is the way I would say at FirstEnergy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Sophie Karp with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Sophie Karp: I want to just to follow up on the recovery mechanisms that you have. So outside of Maryland, which has established that COVID, specific guest rider, which riders or trackers, I utilize now that your jurisdictions to track the COVID related costs and how easy is it I guess, to separate what's COVID and what's not COVID at this point? Thank you.
Chuck Jones: Well, so the biggest piece that I think a lot of people have been worried about is ultimate uncollectible expense. And in our case, we have recovery mechanisms in place in Ohio and New Jersey already as part of our normal operations to recover those. I think we're having conversations with other regulators. And I think with [indiscernible] guidance, I think you're going to see regulators across the country realize that there's going -- these are unique times and there's going to be a unique approach. And as I said, for the Maryland Public Service Commission, be the first ones to step out and take the lead on that. They should be very proud of their leadership. But, the costs so far aren't anything that have concerned me and right now, I'd say we're just treating it as another operating challenge that we need to overcome and still deliver on our commitments and over time, if they grow, we're going to be working with our regulators and we're going to be watching what others do. We're not normalizing any of these costs. Because, like I said, I'm treating it as a normal operating challenge today. But in the end if our whole industry starts to normalize COVID costs out, then I'm not going to put FirstEnergy at a disadvantage by not doing that. But right now, if these costs are not -- they're not anything I'm overly concerned about. We didn't have anything in the first quarter that we felt any need to have any special treatment for. And we're having discussions with our regulators in West Virginia and Pennsylvania to kind of fill the gaps similar to what Maryland has done.
Sophie Karp: Thank you. And then real quick on the CapEx. Are there any particular types of project or any particular type of work maybe that cannot be done efficiently with social distancing that you may be looking to defer and maybe bring forward something else? Have you looked at that yet?
Chuck Jones: No. I don't there's anything that we see that's problematic. If you think about our CapEx plan then I've shared these numbers in the past. We spend $3 billion in average $1 million to $1.5 million increments. So they're smaller projects for the most part. But our crews have been very creative and figuring out how to work safely. And they're doing a fantastic job. We had two pretty significant storms come through with over a half a million customer outages. And they restored service as fast as if not faster as we would do under normal operations. They are rising to the occasion and saying, "Look, we're essential workers and we're going to prove that we're essential," and they know the challenge of keeping the lights on to 6 million families and businesses is very important right now. So I don't see anything there that we are worried about either.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to pick up on the kind of bad debt expense question. And I was wondering if you could provide some detail with regards to what that looked like in 08', '09. How that, we're very early in here. But how that now compares to then. And when you have -- you talked about recovery mechanisms in Ohio, New Jersey, is that everything or just any more color there would be very helpful?
Chuck Jones: Well, the first thing that I would say, and I've been in this business for 40 years, I don't think it's fair to assume that every customer who can't pay their bill today is going to end up being a bad debt. My experience is customers want to pay their bills; they don't want a black mark on their credit history. And as long as we're flexible and work with them the right way, we can generally get to where we don't end up writing off a lot of what's going to get backed up here today. And we are getting -- we're worth thinking through how to be even more creative and more flexible and particularly working with our C&I customers, where in the past, we did not have payment arrangements for C&I customers. And we're looking at how we do that going forward again to help them ease back into business and get back up to more of a normal operations without having this bill be something they have to have to settle up day one. So in Ohio, and New Jersey, as I said it only becomes an uncollectible expense when we write it off. And we have the ability then to recover that from -- other customers to our existing rates, a little bit of a lag in New Jersey. We now have that ability under what Maryland did. And I think all of the companies in Pennsylvania will get together and have discussions with the Pennsylvania Public Utilities Commission, still early on in this process. So while Maryland acted quick. The other regulators are looking at all of these COVID related costs too.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Durgesh Chopra: Am I sorry if I missed this, but I just wanted to ask you about your credit metrics and given the -- sort of you've talked about the decoupling the transmission rate base. What do you think, how are you positioned versus your target credit metrics this year and maybe 2021. And then second part, maybe any color that you can sort of provide us with in terms of your conversations with credit rating agencies. Thank you.
Chuck Jones: Yes. So I would just start by saying, again, I don't think there's anything significant to report. We still plan on no new equity until 2022. And then up to 600 million a year in 2022 and 2023. The metrics this year are turning out, this is the transition year with the delay in the Energy Harbor emergence from 2019 to this year. So the rating agencies are all looking beyond this year anyway. But excluding you Energy Harbor, we're in good shapes with all the current thresholds. We're at BBB with Fitch today. S&P revised our upgrade threshold to 12 from 13. And I think we will eventually support a positive outlook for us. We're having discussions with Moody's, about the upgrade threshold. And I think that's the important thing. As our current conversations with the rating agencies are focused on the top-end and what is needed for upgrades rather than where we've been in the past, which is worrying about the bottom end. And I think one of the key drivers for the discussions that we're having is, is our low risk profile that the agencies are now starting to see. The impact of the pandemic is a perfect example of our change in risk profile. We're dealing with it. We have no material change in our earnings, no material change in our pension funding status, no material change in our credit metrics. And we're able to do that because of the diversity of our footprint, the stable and constructive regulatory environments, 55% of our revenue coming from residential customers. And I would just tell you there's -- we have a very, very small generation footprint. Other large T&D companies like ours with 6 million or, multi-million customers have large generation businesses, even if regulated they support that. We only have a couple power plants left and so we don't have the risk of the generation side of this business either. And there are only one or two other companies in our space, I think with the low risk profile, that we enjoy at FirstEnergy. And I think that's what's forming the foundation of our discussions. We're focused on ultimately get into BBB with all three rating agencies and then a plan to stay there long term.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, our final question this morning comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotia Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Weisel: Thanks for squeezing me in here. Appreciate all the details on mechanisms and downside protections. One thing I just wanted to ask about was, what's the latest thinking on smart meters in New Jersey following the end of the moratorium?
Chuck Jones: Well, I think that we'll engage in the conversations with the administration and the BPU in New Jersey. And we've got a lot of experience now with almost 2 million of them in Pennsylvania that we've already installed. We're beginning the process with grid mod in Ohio, where we will install around 700,000 in Ohio. I think that puts us in a position to really share in New Jersey what some of the benefits and some of the risks are. And we'll engage in the discussion and ultimately, that's where the policymakers in New Jersey want to go. Then we'll install a million smart meters in New Jersey just like we have in others states.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Have you noticed any change in interest to your appetite from regulators or politicians during this stay at home period?
Chuck Jones: I think under -- the governor introduced his new energy master plan, just shortly before this pandemic hit. And I think that right now, everybody in the state government, including the BPU are focused on how to best get through this pandemic right now. So I think it's -- those discussions have been put off and they'll get picked back up, once New Jersey gets back into a kind of safe and healthy more normal operations.
Andrew Weisel: Got it. Okay. Then one last one, if I may, I might be looking for something where there's nothing, but the new slide deck described the dividend as sustainable. And you mentioned that management aspires to grow it. Is that sort of a potential softening of the dividend policy? Or can you share your latest views on the dividend growth outlook and if that's changed at all over the past few months?
Chuck Jones: I think you're reading into something that's not there. Our dividend policy is what it is. And we're kind of at the high-end of that range right now. So, I think that's more what it's signaling is that, we are in the high-end of the range that we committed to and so I don't know that you can expect one every single year but that's not my decision, that's our Board's, and we expect to honor the dividend policy that we've communicated.
Andrew Weisel: Sure. Okay, good. I just wanted to be sure there was no change in thinking. Thank you so much and stay safe and healthy.
Chuck Jones: All right, well, thanks to all of you. The good call, it's good to have a call where we're talking about regulated operations. I can't say running a regulated utility is boring right now with this pandemic, but I'm proud of our team, as I've said repeatedly, and we're going to get it -- get through this just fine. We're going to deliver on our commitments; we're going to keep our employees safe and healthy. We hope all of you can stay safe and healthy too. And look forward to seeing you in person when that makes sense again. Thank you. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-07 11:00:00) =====
Company Representatives: Chuck Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer Steve Strah - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Jason Lisowski - Chief Accounting Officer Eileen Mikkelsen - Vice President of Rates and Regulatory Affairs Irene Prezelj - Vice President, Investor Relations
Operator: Greetings! And welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp, Fourth Quarter 2019 Earning Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you Ms. Prezelj, you may now begin.
Irene Prezelj: Thanks Doug. Welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Today we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies and prospects. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the earnings information link and in our SEC filings.  We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on the FirstEnergy Investor Relations website, along with the presentation which supports today’s discussion. Participants in today’s call include Chuck Jones, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Strah, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and several other executives in the room who are available to participate in the Q&A session. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Chuck.
Chuck Jones: Thank you, Irene, and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us. 2019 was another great year and a step forward for FirstEnergy, marked by solid execution on initiatives that benefit our customers, shareholders, communities and our company.  One of the accomplishments that makes us most proud is our record of delivering on the commitments we made to the financial community. This morning we announce 2019 GAAP earnings of $1.70 per share and operating earnings of $2.58 per share, which is at the top-end of the guidance range we provided on our last earnings call.  By executing on our customer focus growth strategy, along with some benefits from third quarter weather, we successfully mitigated the absence of the Ohio Distribution Modernization Rider in the second half of the year.  We reached five years of consistently meeting or exceeding the mid-point of the quarterly guidance that we provided. The culture of execution and ownership that our leadership team has established at FirstEnergy is one you can continue to count on as we improve service for our customers and communities and deliver strong results for our shareholders.  Two years ago we introduced our first long term growth rate projection of 6% to 8% compounded annually from 2018 to 2021. In the first year we hit it out of the park. Our 2019 growth versus our original 2018 guidance was 12%, excluding both the Ohio DMR and weather impacts.  Our culture of strong execution is clearly evident and has gotten us off to a great start, on what now is a five year growth plan, and we're looking forward to another solid year in 2020 as we reaffirm our operating earnings guidance of $2.40 to $2.60 per share.  I continue providing investors with clarity into our long term expectations for earnings growth. In November we extended the CAGR at a rate of 5% to 7% through 2023. As we’ve discussed, this projection includes plans to issue a modest amount of equity, up to a total of $600 million annually starting in 2022. When this happens, it will represent the first infusion of equity into our growth initiatives since early 2018, and we will have invested approximately $12 billion in our business during that period. By successfully executing on our regulated growth strategies, we have driven strong results for investors. In 2019 our total shareholder return was 34%, placing our stock within the top quartile of the EEI Index. The TSR over the last two years, 2018 and 2019 was 71%, making FirstEnergy the number one stock in EEI Index over that period.  Over the past several years the rating agencies have acknowledged our transition to a fully regulated company with primarily Transmission and Distribution operations resulting in a lower risk profile. In 2019 we received numerous ratings upgrades across the FirstEnergy family, as well as at the parent level.  With the November upgrade from Fitch, we are making solid progress towards our goal to achieve solid BBB ratings at all three agencies. While we remain focused on making steady improvements to our balance sheet, we believe we are well positioned to support our plans for growth, including the extended CAGR and associated equity issuance.  In 2019 we continued executing on our long term, customer focus growth plans. This included an annual capital investment of approximately $3 billion in our transmission and distribution infrastructure, which we expect to continue for the foreseeable future.  In our Transmission business we successfully completed year six of our Energizing the Future investment program, with more than $6.8 billion in investments during that period. As we reported to you throughout 2019, our customers in the ATSI footprint are seeing measurable reliability improvements, including a nearly 50% reduction in equipment related transmission outages, as there is all the work we're doing to modernize the Grid. As we continue extending the program into our eastern footprint, we expect those customers to experience similar benefits.  We took another important step in 2019, the continued expansion of our Energizing the Future Initiative. In December FERC accepted our application to move JCP&L’s Transmission assets in to forward-looking formula rates effective January 1, 2020 subject to refund. With this change, nearly 90% of our transmission business is on forward looking formula rights.  The forward looking rate structure in New Jersey supports our plan for approximately $175 million and customer focused capital spending on the JCP&L transmission system this year. On the distribution side of our business, last month we received approval from the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio to implement a decoupling mechanism for our residential and commercial customers in the state.  The commission also removed the requirement that our Ohio companies filed a distribution-rate case by 2024. Decoupling provides rate transparency and stability for these customers, while providing revenue certainty to our Ohio companies. Rates for 2019 and each year thereafter will be reconciled to 2018 baseline revenues and adjusted through a conservation support rider. There is no impact from the rider on 2019 earnings. That adjustment will be recognized in the first quarter of 2020. Going forward the rider will be reflected in current period results.  Also in Ohio, our utilities are moving forward with the $516 million three year Grid Modernization program that was approved by the PUCO in July. As we’ve discussed, the plan includes modernization projects designed to help reduce the number and duration of power outages and allow our customers to make more informed decisions about their energy usage.  We expect to complete approximately $170 million of Grid Mod work this year. This initial phase includes deploying 250,000 smart meters to Ohio customers, implementing time varying rates and installing more than 600 reclosers and capacitors on the Electric Distribution System, which will help automatically isolate problems, prevent entire circuit lockouts and quickly restore electric service to customers.  In Pennsylvania, we completed work on the initial phase of our original $350 million long term infrastructure improvement plan in 2019. Last month the Public Utility Commission approved our LTIP 2, spanning 2020 through 2024. The LTIP 2 program includes a $572 million investment across our four Pennsylvania utilities to accelerate distribution infrastructure projects in the state.  The improvement plan for each utility complements the work we already perform on our distribution network to reduce the number and duration of outages experienced by our 2 million Pennsylvania customers. Investments include replacing older polls, lines and fuses, installing new substation equipment, network boats and manual covers and reconfiguring circuits.  Approximately $120 million of the work is expected to be completed in 2020, across our Pennsylvania service area, with the remainder spent over the next four years. The cost associated with the service reliability investments are expected to be recovered through the Pennsylvania distribution system improvement charge.  You recall that earlier in 2019 the Maryland Public Service Commission approved our rate case and Electric Distribution Investment surcharge and a five year electric vehicle pilot program, while The New Jersey Board of Utilities approved are JCP&L Reliability Plus Initiative. Together, these initiatives position us to improve service to our customers as we enable new technologies and the Grid of the future.  Later this month, we plan to file a distribution rate – base-rate case in New Jersey. We will seek to recover increasing costs associated with providing safe and reliable electric service for our customers, along with recovery of Storm costs incurred over the last few years.  To sum up my discussion of our Regulated Investments, I want to remind you that after the conversion to JCP&L Transmission assets to a forward-looking formula rate, more than 60% of our annual investment will now be in formula rates and distribution riders, making our investment profile very transparent.  Finally, I hope you've taken the time to review our five year strategic plan and our corporate responsibility report, which were both published to our website in the fall. These reports are an important element of our commitment to provide transparency and enhanced engagement with our stakeholders. They also offer a platform to track progress on our goals and strategies, including ESG initiatives such as our carbon reduction target, average stability, a more diverse and inclusive work force, and our ISS Governance Score.  We're excited to recently earn the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index designation for the second consecutive year and last month we were named the Forbes list of the best employers for diversity. In addition, we are one of only four companies in our sector to achieve the best possible rating in the ISS Governance Quality score. We will refresh the data in our corporate responsibility report when we publish our annual report next month and we intend to update the strategic plan later this year to maintain a five year outlook.  I think you will see that we are continuing to drive FirstEnergy toward our mission of become a premier forward thinking electric utility that our stakeholders can trust and believe in. As I mentioned earlier, we are affirming our 2020 operating earnings guidance of $2.40 to $2.60 per share. We are also pleased to affirm our expected CAGR of 6% to 8% through 2021 and 5% to 7% extending through 2023. In addition, we are introducing operating earnings guidance of $0.60 to $0.70 per share for the first quarter of 2020.  Thank you for your time. We had a great year and we look forward to building on our progress. Now I’ll turn it over to Steve for a review of the fourth quarter and 2019. 
Steve Strah: Good morning; it's great to speak with you today. All reconciliations and other detailed information about the quarter are available in the strategic and financial highlights document that is posted to our website. We also posted and updated fact book to the website this morning, which includes additional supporting materials related to 2022 and 2023, such as our capital in load forecasts.  Now let's review our results. We reported a fourth quarter GAAP loss of $0.20 per share, driven by our annual non-cash pension and OPEB mark-to-market adjustment. I'll spend a few minutes discussing our pension performance later in my comments.  Adjusting for special items, fourth quarter operating earnings were $0.55 per share, which is above the mid-point of the guidance we provided on our last earnings call.  In the distribution business, earnings were flat compared to the fourth quarter of 2018. O&M expenses were lower this quarter compared to the same period in 2018 and distribution revenues were higher. This offset the absence of the Ohio DMR and the impact of more mild temperatures across our footprint.  Total distribution earnings increased due to incremental writer revenue in Ohio and Pennsylvania, but customer usage decreased compared to the fourth quarter of 2018 on both an actual and weather adjusted basis. Heating degree days were 2% below normal and 7% lower than the fourth quarter of 2018. Residential sales were down 1.3% on an actual basis compared to the fourth quarter of 2018, but increased slightly on a weather adjusted basis.  In the commercial customer class, fourth quarter sales decreased 4.3% on an actual basis and 3.5%, when adjusted for whether compared to the same period in 2018.  Finally in our industrial class, fourth quarter loads decreased 2.4%. While the shale gas sector continues to grow, we saw our sales decline in every other major sector, including steel, automotive, coal and chemical.  Looking at our load trends for the full year of 2019, we are encouraged to see the stability in the residential sector where we've recorded two consecutive years of modest growth in weather adjusted sales. However, full year 2019 sales to commercial customers were down 2% compared to 2018. Drivers include weaker economic conditions, energy efficiency and distributed generation measures initiated by customers in the education and food and beverage sectors, and lower usage from the real-estate sector related to decreases in new construction.  While it’s widely recognized that the U.S. has entered into a manufacturing recession, the impacts of that slump, combined with a couple large plant closings resulted in a 1.7% decrease in deliveries to industrial customers for the year.  Turning back to fourth quarter results for the Transmission business, earnings increased primarily due to higher rate babe at our formula rate companies related to our continued investments in the energizing the future program. And in our Corporate segment, fourth quarter results primarily reflect lower operating expenses in the absence of a fourth quarter 2018 contribution to the First Energy Foundation.  Before we open the call to your questions, let's spend a moment on a few other financial matters, starting with the pension performance and its impact on our future funding requirements. In 2019 our pension plan investments produced a return on assets of 20.3%, far exceeding our original assumption of 5.7%. This superior plan performance, coupled with the low discount rate of 3.34% produced two outcomes.  First, our 2019 non cash after tax pension and OPEB mark-to-market adjustment is approximately $480 million, which is at the lower end of the range we provided in October.  Second, our pension plan funding requirements for 2022 and 2023 have decreased significantly. A year ago our 2022 funding requirement stood at $382 million. As a result of the robust plan returns last year, this is decreased to $159 million, and for 2023 our funding requirement has decreased to $375 million compared to $455 million at the end of 2018.  As we indicated during the third quarter, the lower interest rate environment has resulted in a higher pension liability, but our funded status has improved to 79% compared to 77% at the end of 2018. As you know, we normally only mark the pension at year end, but we will need to remeasure it again when FES emerges from bankruptcy. Assuming that they emerge in the first quarter of this year, we anticipate an after tax, non-cash loss of up to $400 million based on the discount rate and pension performance.  Finally, our corporate liquidity continues to be strong with $3.5 billion of undrawn credit facilities and approximately $465 million in cash. This cash position, plus a portion of revolver borrowings will fund the final payment of $853 million to FES upon their emergence.  Please keep in mind, 2020 will be a transitional year from a rating agency perspective, as this final FES payment will impact our credit metrics. However, when you exclude this payment, our 2020 credit metrics will be compliant with the thresholds established by each of the three rating agencies.  With respect to equity, we have no incremental needs through 2021 and as we told you at EEI, we plan the issue up to $600 million of equity annually in 2022 and 2023. The ultimate amount will be determined by a number of factors, including customer load, storm activity, weather trends, pension performance and rating agency metrics.  Thank you. We are proud of our results in 2019 and we look forward to continuing our strong progress this year. Now, let's take your questions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question. 
Greg Gordon: Hey, thanks. Congrats on a good year guys. 
Chuck Jones: Good morning Greg. 
Greg Gordon: A couple of questions. Looking at the cash flow disclosure you gave, there's some changes relative to what the outlook looked like in the last fact book, but I guess when I unpack it, it looks like the major changes, just the delay in the cash payment to the FES creditors and a decision to pay them out in cash rather than take on that tax note associated with the prior settlement. So can you just walk through – I know the former is just timing, but the decision making on the latter and why you see that as value accretive? 
Steve Strah: Hey Greg, it’s Steve Strah. So the way you’ve explain it is exactly what happened. We were planning to make the payment in 2019, assuming an FES emergence at that point, but obviously that didn't happen. It's going to happen here sometime in February, at which point in time we will fund the cash payment of $225 million and we will also pay what we were previously thinking would be issued as a tax note, we will also pay that tax note in cash. And so from an economics perspective it just makes more sense for us to use cash-on-hand to pay-off that tax note now, rather than have to deal with it by the end of 2022 and refinance it again at that point. 
Chuck Jones : And I'll just emphasize that point, that means we won't be answering questions about FES for the next five years so. 
Greg Gordon: No, we're all happy about that. Two more questions; as it pertains to just you know obviously a lot of moving parts when you think about the ‘22 and beyond equity, potential equity needs, you've set up to $600 million. But one of the pieces that looks like its gotten better is, pension performance means future pension contributions are down by a little over $300 million. So all things equal, does that mean that your equity needs are down by potentially up to $300 million?
Chuck Jones: Well, I would say this, we put a range in there that allows for flexibility for lots of things to change between now and then. The range of zero to 600, including the drip is a range that we expect to stay in. I don't think it should be extracted that it will be $600 million every single year, but it will be within that range, depending on where we are at when we get to that point.
Greg Gordon: Right, that’s a fair enough answer. My final question is, I know this has no direct economic impact on your – definitely it has an impact on your customers. What do you think the Ohio government's response is going to be to the FERC decision on the MOPR rules with regard to, the capacity market? Is it possible that the state of Ohio will consider leaving PJM throughout FRR? 
Chuck Jones: I would say that the state of Ohio has already kind of talked about their disappointment with the PJM market, and their intention to use the next year or so to look at energy policy for the state. The last time they looked at energy policy in the state was 20 years ago, 1999, when the Senate Bill 3D regulated the state.  I think there's a lot of disappointment that some of the goals they thought would be achieved through that, never materialized. I think there were some unintended consequences that happened that they didn't expect to happen and so I think they're going to fully look at everything, from how the utilities interact with the public utilities commission to you know how we insure a long term secure supply of generation for Ohio customers, to how we get back to Ohio being a state that has an energy surplus as opposed to a shortfall.  I think there's a lot of things they are going to look at, but beyond that, you know what our intention is, is we’ll be at the table helping where they want help, providing our guidance where they want guidance, and expressing our views where we feel strongly about certain things should go a certain way. 
Greg Gordon: Do you feel strongly about FRR one way or the other? 
Chuck Jones: I don't, I'm not in the generation business anymore, so – but I feel strongly that we need to come up with a long term solution for customers that ensures they have adequate, fuel secure, cost effective generation, not just right now. And I mean its no – my views on these markets has not changed. A one your capacity signaled three years out and the next hourly short run marginal cost signal is no way to do this business for the long haul and they are failing. And so something needs to be done, whether Ohio decides to step up and do something, is up to them, but I do not think the market as constructed today is going to provide the best long term outcome for my customers. 
Greg Gordon: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from a line of Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question. 
Praful Mehta: Thanks so much. Hi guys! 
Chuck Jones: Hi Praful. 
Praful Mehta: Hi, so maybe just firstly clarify something more specific, on page 11 you have regulatory charges for the fourth quarter in the distribution business, which is being adding – which is adding back about $0.15 of earnings to get to more operating earnings. What specifically does that $0.15 relate to? 
Jason Lisowski: Yeah Praful, this is Jason Lisowski, Chief Accounting Officer. That is related to a FERC order that reallocates some transmission expenses across our utilities. And as you may recall, in Ohio we at the time in the past did not have the ability to pass those on to customers. So it ended up being actually a refund and a credit back to the wild companies, and since in the past we were excluding them from our non-GAAP operating earnings, when you receive that credit, we consistently also exclude it from our non-GAAP operating earnings. 
Praful Mehta: I got you. That’s helpful, thank you. And then in terms of longer term growth, the ‘21 to ‘23 earnings profile based on the group that you've talked about looks like a 4.5% earnings growth, if I just were to use the math for the last two years. I'm assuming some of that is obviously a slower rate base growth and then the equity need. Can you just walk through or help us understand what kind of rate base growth you're assuming for the last two years in the current forecast and like how much dilution, you expect versus strong rate base to EPS. 
Chuck Jones: Well, I'll answer this. That CAGR that we’ve given you have for the next five years is the CAGR that we expect to hit, which is 6% to 8% for the first three and then 5% to 7% after that. I’ll let Jason try to walk you through the rate base accounting that gets to that, but as I've told you many times, when you look at our company from the outside in, trying to line-up what you look at with the regulatory accounting that goes on, because it's no longer just the same simple math that it used to be. It’s difficult, but we'll have Jason try.
Jason Lisowski: Yeah, if you look at the fact book that we released this morning, we actually do show our expected rate base growth, both separately for the regular distribution and regulate transmission, through 2023 broken down by each state. And you will see that in 2022 and 2023 there is no growth, but that growth does slow down a little bit. 
Praful Mehta: Okay, fair enough. I'll dig through that little bit more and discuss that. And then just finally on the equity needs point, I understand that clearly the pensioners helped, so that should help reduce the equity needs a little bit.  I wanted to understand in terms of balancing other goals right around leverage, holdco debt what are the key guide post that we should be thinking about as you think about the equity up to 600, what could have bring it down apart from pension, what could kindly to lead to pushing it up, just few of those guide posts would be helpful. 
Chuck Jones: Well, obviously 1 thing that could help bring it down is if we eventually see some reasonable low growth throughout our footprint. Just a little bit a low growth can have a huge impact. We give a range for a reason. I mean what – the performance of the pension plan can continue to affect what's needed there. You know it's – you know I wasn't trying to dodge Greg's question, I can't sit here today and tell you how much equity we're going to recommend we issue in 2022, ‘23, ‘24. It's not going to be more than $600 million, I can confidently say that. 
Praful Mehta: Got it. I really appreciate it guys. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from a line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Hey, good morning team. 
A - Chuck Jones: Good morning Julian.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Hey. So perhaps just to pick up on a slightly different state and angle, can you talk a little bit more about New Jersey and the energy masterplan here and specifically, how do you see opportunities emerging from that and/or some of your peers and their respective clean energy filings in parallel. I'm thinking you know AMI or otherwise.  And then as well, can you touch on some of the commentary in the EMP with respect to reduction or a meaningful reduction in gas and obviously you guys aren’t gas, but conversely how do you think about the electrification implications that seem to be pretty clear in the EMP as well. So perhaps touch holistically on the New Jersey business given everything going on if you don't mind. 
A - Chuck Jones: Okay, well, there’s a lot in that question. I was just over in New Jersey last week. I met with three of the BPU commissioners. I met with the Governor and his policy team, the afternoon after he rolled out the energy masterplan, so I had a lot of opportunity to talk with him and his team in particular about how I think our company can help him be successful with it.  I think there are opportunities for us to help particularly in the electric vehicle area if the state decides to embrace utilities investing and you know building out a robust charging network throughout the state. You know, I think advanced metering is something the state has to decide what their policy is on, but we've got a lot of experience now in Pennsylvania with nearly 2 million meters there and we're going to be rolling out a 0.25 million in Ohio. So what I offered is, we'll come to the table and help them understand the pros and the cons, because there are both that we see, to help them make an informed decision on that.  I was very honest with him that I have no intention to get into investing in offshore wind. That's not something I see us taking on at this point in time. I talked with him about transmission and I know the BPU President made some comments about transmission, so I might as well just address those here, because I know I'm going to get a question.  You know his comments were specific to the network transmission service charges in the BGS auction for one company and that company was not us by the way. I saw what happened in the market with our stock yesterday after his comments became public.  I think the market should be smart enough to figure out that that involved one company. It should also be smart enough to figure out as he said at the end, that FERC sets transmission rates not the BPU, and they are not going to set different ones for New Jersey than they do everywhere else. It should also be smart to figure out that what we've told you all along is 90% of our transmission capital investment is in states other than New Jersey, and 90% of all of our $3 billion of investment is in states other than New Jersey.  But what I talked to the Governor and his team about is the fact that you know our transmission plan, if we work together can be complementary to what he's trying to do with his energy masterplan, and actually enabling of what he wants to do with his energy masterplan and they were very receptive to that, and we agreed to continue to work together to figure out how to make that happen.  So you know all-in-all, I think FirstEnergy is at the best place that it's ever been in New Jersey in terms of our relationships, in terms of the things that we're doing, in terms of you know us being trusted advisors to the Governor's office on his energy masterplan. There was nothing in that energy masterplan that scares me in any way, but there are pieces and parts that I think we can help more on and there's pieces and parts that we don't want to be part of. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : But just to clarify on that, could this be incremental capital? I know you guys talked about a very specific and committed equity capital plan and financing plan through the forecast period, but I just also hear your comments about you know helping the city of New Jersey here too. 
A - Chuck Jones: The reason we have a range in this CapEx plan that we've communicated is so that we have the ability to have flexibility to move it around state-to-state, transmission-to-distribution. I'm not going to sit here and tell you that we're going to add incremental capital beyond the range that we've given you, and the range that we're giving you is got a couple of control rods in it.  One is our customer's ability to pay and a constant awareness of the fact that without load growth these are going to be rate increases for customers and we have to be careful with that, and the other control rod being the balance sheet and managing the amount of equity that we are ultimately going to do to maintain our credit where we want it and get to that goal of begin BBB rated with all three agencies. So we're going to use this range that we have to satisfy what we're going to execute from a work plan in all five states. I'm not planning to change that range in the near term. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Alright, great. Well, best of luck. Thank you. 
A - Chuck Jones: Thanks Julian. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. Chuck, you only really owned kind of regulated generation in one state, West Virginia. Just curious how you're thinking about kind of the potential for kind of changes to the generation fleet, the composition of the generation fleet, maybe especially since the state kind of sitting on the Marcellus shale whether the economics makes sense for the company and the customer to add a little bit more gas fired generation into the regulated mix there.  And then obviously, is there a need for kind of an uptick in either renewable or even kind of smart grid [ph] on the distribution side CapEx in West Virginia. 
A - Chuck Jones: In West Virginia the process is real simple. We're going to file an integrated resource plan in West Virginia by the end of this year. We'll share our ideas with West Virginia about where we see their capacity needs being, some thoughts on how to meet that, but those decisions are going to be made in conjunction with the state of West Virginia and you know I think that there are opportunities to embrace what's going on with the shale development and they are capitalizing on it with a lot of industrial growth in that state in terms of collection and compressing and so forth.  Whether they want to capitalize it in terms of generation sources, that remains to be seen and I don't want to speak for the state of West Virginia, but up until now at least, they haven't been real welcoming to renewables there, but you know from a FirstEnergy perspective, as we get separations from this whole FES issue and put that behind us, I think investment in renewable generation in a regulated context is something that we need to be thinking about adding to our portfolio, not deregulated in any fashion.  We worked so hard to get to this company that I just said. It’s a T&D company’s low risk, no exposure to markets, that's where we want to stay. Any generation we might invest in is going to be earning a regulated rate of return just like those two plants in West Virginia do. 
Michael Lapides: Got it. One other question, totally unrelated. Just curious, can you – what's embedded in guidance in terms of kind of O&M growth rates across the distribution business and also at the corporate level? 
A - Chuck Jones: What’s embedded in our guidance is keeping O&M flat over that period, and so what I've challenged the team to do is to get more efficient at how we deliver service to customers. We’re in the process of rolling out an innovation center of FirstEnergy.  We've got a number of employees who have earned black belts in innovation engineering. We're going to put them all into one group. We're going to use that group to help drive innovation throughout this company as a way to make us more efficient and offset the annual – you know we give a 3 in it this year, a 3.5% wage increase on the average to our employees, you know about half of which ends up O&M. You know we've got to find a way to offset, but what's in the guidance period is flat O&M throughout that period. 
Michael Lapides: Got it. Starting off of 2019 base or starting off 2018 base, was there anything unusual in 2019?
A - Chuck Jones: Starting off of the – when we finished FE tomorrow and finished dealing with our corporate costs, which by the way our T&D costs are bottom decile as far as O&M and our corporate costs are bottom quartile in terms of low being good in both cases. So we've got this company very lean and we expect to keep it that way throughout this period. 
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Chuck. Much appreciated. 
Chuck Jones: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar Research. Please proceed with your question. 
Charles Fishman : Yeah Chuck, 90% of your transmission now, in that one slide you showed was formula based, forward looking. And what gets you to that last 10%? Is it a process similar to what we saw in New Jersey and what's the timing on that do you think?
A - Chuck Jones: Well its – what’s left, that is not forward looking formula rates is the former Allegheny system, and yes, the process would be to either eventually merge that into one of our existing Transcos or form another Transco, but the timing is what is such that we’ll do that when it makes the best sense in terms of there will be a crossover point where the investment returns, you know more returns to shareholders in a forward looking formula rate than it does in a stated right. Right now the stated rate is better for all of you. 
Charles Fishman : Okay. And then second question, when we last talked in November, you hadn’t finished the planning process and you wanted to hold off on guidance till ‘23. As you wrapped up that process, in your mind was there anything that – I don’t know, surprise is probably a too strong of a word, but maybe was a little different than you thought as you wrapped up that process? 
A - Chuck Jones: No, not at all. I mean, I think it's very difficult to predict the future five years out, though a lot of what we had to get comfortable with in that planning process is what's the world going to look like, not today, but what's the world going to look like in 2023; you know what's going to happen with inflation, what's going to happen with growth, etcetera, etcetera and bracket those types of things.  One thing I can tell you I am confident in is that we're going to execute on the plan that we put out to this company and if it's $3.2 billion or $3.3 billion or $2.9 billion, it's going to deliver the results that we intend to deliver, and by getting to the point where more than 60% of all of it is in formula rates. It’s very transparent and easy to calculate, and where we need to have rate cases, we're going to have them, just as I said.  We’re going to file a rate case probably this month in New Jersey to get that trued up and recover some storm costs that you know we've deferred up until now, so our ability to execute on rate cases, we demonstrated we can do that too, but it was just really more getting comfortable with a range of outcomes that could happen between now and then, to get comfortable with the CAGR and get comfortable with the equity assumptions, both. 
Charles Fishman : Okay, that’s all I had. Thank you. 
A - Chuck Jones: And the only other thing I've added and I said this repeatedly at EEI, I'm not going to tell you something until I know. The engineer in me is still in there. We got to have the plan and we got to have the numbers work and I know we can execute on it, which is why I was probably a little slow in getting to a five year CAGR, but that's also what results in five straight years now, meeting or exceeding every single quarter that we've given you guidance. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question. 
Andrew Weisel : Hey, good morning everybody.
Chuck Jones: Good morning. 
Andrew Weisel : My first one, I just want to follow up on the New Jersey questions earlier. I believe in the CapEx outlook, do those forecasts include some level of spending related to things that were covered by the energy masterplan like energy efficiency, EV’s, AMI and will those buckets be part of the upcoming JCP&L rate case filing or would they come later in a separate compliance filings or something like that?
Chuck Jones: No, they don't include anything for that. Right now it's about $175 million in transmission. You know what the IIP is. We're going to round out the first round of IIP and at some point in time hopefully you'll see IIP 2 just like you saw LTIIP II in Pennsylvania. And when that comes again, that's why we have a range of CapEx, so that we have the ability to have flexibility from state to state and T2D.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. So that would be upside to the current numbers, if they were to be spending on that?
Chuck Jones: Might be upside in New Jersey, but it would probably come away from somewhere else. I mean you can count on the capital plan being what I've told you it is, and we're going to get the CAGR that I've told you we're going to get, but the pieces and parts of it may move around from state to state.
Andrew Weisel: Got it, that's helpful. And then last, this is just kind of a small one, but in Pennsylvania, congratulations on getting the LTIP 2 approved in full. My question is on the DSIC Rider, the benchmark ROE was just reduced by 10 basis points I believe yesterday to 9.45. Does that apply to your subsidiaries? And if so, can you give any sort of earnings sensitivity? I know this just came out yesterday, so it didn't give you a whole lot of time, but any thoughts on that?
Chuck Jones: Eileen's on top of it.
Eileen Mikkelsen: Good morning. It's Eileen Mikkelsen, I'm Vice President of Rates and Regulatory Affairs. Thank you, Chuck.  Yes, we are aware that the PaPUC reduced the benchmark for the ROE in Pennsylvania yesterday to 9.45. Where that benchmark is used is really relates to our DSIC calculation and four utilities that have not had a base rate case in the last two years. They substitute that ROE benchmark number into their calculation when they calculate their DSIC revenues.  So for our four distribution utilities in Pennsylvania, going forward we’ll use in our return calculations a return on equity of 9.45%, rather than the 9.55% that we've been using in the past, which really is the 10 basis points across those DSIC calculations, immaterial change to the revenues that we’ll collect under those riders. The second thing that ROE benchmark is used for is really a customer protection to say to the extent that the utilities have earnings in excess of that benchmarks that they report in their quarterly earnings reports. If they exceed that benchmark, they will then have to turn off their DSIC recovery until such time as their earnings fall below that.  So we've looked at those numbers overnight. We're confident that it doesn't change our outlook for DISC collections during the planning horizon. I would put a caveat on it to say, we do have a settlement pending before the Pennsylvania Public Utilities Commission to increase the cap we have in Penn Power. So assuming that's approved, we expect to be able to continue to collect DSIC across all of our utilities throughout the planning period.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, great, that's very helpful. You mentioned Penn Power. Is there a potential for Penn Power rate case sometime soon?
Eileen Mikkelsen: I don't think we're expecting a Penn Power rate case over the planning horizon and largely that's because we were able to reach a settlement with the other parties in Pennsylvania that's pending before the commission to allow us to collect DSIC revenue up to 7.5% of our base distribution rates in Penn Power, where for all the other utilities it's capped at 5%. So that really allowed us to cover that additional investment through the DSIC Rider and eliminated the need for a base rate case.
Andrew Weisel: That's great. So Chuck, then is it fair to say that JCP&L might be the only rate case through 2023?
Chuck Jones: I'd say that's a fair way to look at where we're at today, yeah.
Eileen Mikkelsen: I would just – again, it's Eileen. I agree with Chuck. Put a caveat on it that we do have an obligation in 2023 to file an additional base rate case in the state of Maryland.
Andrew Weisel: Right, good reminder. Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sophie Karp with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Sophie Karp: Hi, good morning.
Chuck Jones: Good morning.
Sophie Karp: I have a question on load growth. So you guys clearly mentioned that it's one of the factors that can help offset equity needs or impact you're planning in a way, and despite sort of a strong overall economy, it doesn't seem like we’ve seen a lot of that in Ohio or elsewhere, may be in new territories. Could you discuss that a little bit and maybe give us some sense of what you have seen on the ground and what can change that to actually see some positive load growth? Thank you.
Steve Strah: Sophie, this is Steve Strah. And we're conservative in terms of the load growth that we do put into our plan. And right now I believe we will see more of what we've seen in 2019 and that is basically flat load growth to slightly declining load growth. But I also – just looking at 2019 for a moment, you know we were down 1.1% and that was slightly lower than our guidance, which was 0.6%.  So when we estimate it, we're pretty good at estimating where we're going to land, we didn't miss it significantly. And in terms of sensitivities, the 1% decline that we saw in 2019 versus the guidance really impacts earnings only about 2%, and that's really driven by the residential sector.  Our commercial and industrial loads are really – and rates are fixed or having demand rates, which are not as impactful. So right now we do see the manufacturing recession continuing on in 2020 before we start to see recovery. We're hopeful to start to see that recovery in mid-year or a little bit later. So right now I would just say look forward to flat load growth within our territory. We don't really see that changing significantly.
Chuck Jones: So, the only thing that I would add that I think in the back half of this planning period that we're talking about that could be significant is this shell cracker plant in Western Pennsylvania, and empirically as economists look at the world, it's difficult to factor that in. But I just drove over there for a meeting last week. It's due to come online by end of 2021, so it's a year and a half away.  It won't be a lot of load itself, because they are going to self-generate with the methane, that's a waste product of the cracking process, but the industrial load that's going to pop-up, and is already popping up, you're starting to see cranes in the air on other sites, I think can have an opportunity to jump-start this economy in Eastern Ohio, Western Pennsylvania, Northern West Virginia, and we are now starting to see construction progress on the cracker plant in Ohio too.  So the combination of both of those I think can be something that could be a good surprise and it's difficult to factor into the numbers.
Steve Strah: I would also add Sophie lastly, you know we are encouraged by seeing the two consecutive years of residential load growth. Albeit modest, we look at that as being very positive for some of the reasons I mentioned earlier. So I don't want to be too much of a downer at all.
Sophie Karp: Thank you.
Chuck Jones: And look, I mean you're in northeastern Ohio. I mean we've got forward investing of over $1 billion in two plants in northeastern Ohio. GM had just announced the state-of-the-art battery manufacturing facility in Ohio. The former Lordstown plant is being repurposed into an electric vehicle, light-duty, medium-duty truck facility. So when those things all get done, the job market and the economy is going to benefit from all of that. So in the back end of this planning period, I'm optimistic that we can see some growth.
Sophie Karp: Got it, thank you.
Chuck Jones: Okay, I see no other questions in the queue. So thank you again for your support, really over the last five years since I've been in this job, and you know I think we intend to have another year in 2020 just like we've had in the last five years. Expect to be a fully regulated company here by the end of this month with FES behind us and then just move on from there. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day!

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp Third Quarter 2019 Earning Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session fill follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you, Ms. Prezelj. You may now begin. 
Irene Prezelj: Thanks, Rob. Welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Today we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies and prospects. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the earnings information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on the FirstEnergy Investor Relations website along with the presentation, which supports today’s discussion. Participants in today’s call include Chuck Jones, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Strah, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and several other executives in the room, who are available to participate in the Q&A session. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Chuck.
Chuck Jones: Thank you, Irene. And good morning, everyone. This morning, we announced strong results for the third quarter with GAAP earnings of $0.73 per share and operating earnings of $0.76 per share. Consistent with our nearly five year track record of delivering on our commitments to you, our third quarter operating earnings exceeded the midpoint of our guidance range. As a reminder, when we held our second quarter call, we were waiting for our final outcome related to our Ohio Distribution Modernization Rider. Because of this, the third quarter guidance we provided to you included a $0.06 benefit from the DMR. While the rider was ultimately removed from our Ohio rate plan, I’m pleased that we were able to offset its absence during the quarter through a combination of favorable weather compared to normal, the continued strong execution of our customer service oriented growth strategy and O&M discipline.  For the full year, we’re narrowing our 2019 operating earnings guidance to $2.50 per share to $2.60 per share. This reflects our solid results year-to-date as well as the absence of the DMR in the second half. We’re also providing 2020 operating earnings guidance of $2.40 per share to $2.60 per share and affirming our projection for 6% to 8% of compound annual operating earnings growth from 2018 through 2021.  I know you're anxious for us to communicate both our CAGR and equity plans beyond the 2018 to 2021 timeframe. We will provide this information as soon as it makes sense once we've completed our internal financial planning process. That should not be taken as any indication that either of these will ultimately be disappointing to the market. It's simply that I am very protective of our five year track record of meeting or exceeding every commitment we have made and I need to get the detailed planning in place before getting ahead of that process.  Now, let's review our progress with our customer focused growth strategies at our utilities. In late August, each of our four Pennsylvania utilities filed new Long-Term Infrastructure Improvement Plans or LTIIPs for the 2020 through 2024 period. The filings outline our plans to invest $572 million over that timeframe to accelerate infrastructure improvements and enhance service reliability for more than 2 million customers in Pennsylvania. These investments build on earlier improvement plans and included targeted projects that are designed to reduce the frequency of electric service interruptions for customers and shorten the duration of outages when they do occur.  Major initiatives will include; replacing older infrastructure with new poles, overhead lines, underground cables, substation equipment, network valves and manholes, reconfiguring circuits to minimize customers impacted by service interruptions and installing more advanced smart devices that can detect and isolate problems to help quickly restore power to impacted customers. The work outlined in the LTIIP programs accelerates infrastructure repairs, improvements and replacements while also introducing new investments to enhance our distribution, infrastructure and service reliability. We expect to recover the costs associated with the LTIIP through the DSIC rider mechanism.  We look forward working with the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission to have the plans approved by the end of the year, so work can begin in early 2020.  Before we move from Pennsylvania, on our last call, we mentioned that we were in discussions to transfer the responsibility for decommissioning Three Mile Island Unit 2 to a subsidiary of EnergySolutions, LLC. This would remove any future nuclear decommission obligations from FirstEnergy and further simplify our regulated focus. In October, we signed that agreement, which includes transferring the plant, property, nuclear decommissioning trust and plant license as well as the associated liabilities and responsibility for decommissioning. While the agreement is subject to regulatory approvals, we expect transfer to take place around the second half of 2020.  Turning to Ohio, we are beginning to implement our $516 million three-year Grid Modernization program, which was approved by the Public Utilities Commission in July. We're laying the groundwork to begin construction on these projects during the first quarter of next year. Our investments include the installation of 700,000 smart meters and related infrastructure, building an advanced distribution management system in our Ohio Edison Illuminating Company and Toledo Edison service areas, selling automated equipment on at least 200 distribution lines that can automatically isolate problems, prevent entire circuit outages and quickly restore electric service to customers, installing voltage regulating equipment on more than 200 circuits to provide energy efficiency benefits by optimizing voltage levels on the distribution grid.  In addition, we have committed to developing time varying rates that give customers the opportunity to reduce their monthly electric bill by using energy during off-peak periods. Together, these modernization projects are expected to help reduce the number and duration of power outages and allow our customers to make more informed decisions about their energy usage. As you’ll recall, the Grid Mod order also fully resolved the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and we began implementing those tax savings for customers on September 1.  Later this month, we expect to file plans with the PUCO to implement a decoupling mechanism in Ohio. As we discussed last quarter, decoupling breaks the link between utility revenue and the amount of electricity consumed by customers. This supports continued energy efficiency efforts while ensuring that our utilities have adequate resources to continue providing safe and reliable power to our customers. Our plan ensures that residential and commercial customers pay no more for base distribution service than was charged in 2018. After our filing the commission will have 60 days to review and approve the application.  Moving to our transmission business, last week we filed a plan with FERC to our move New Jersey transmission assets onto a forward-looking formula rate structure effective January 1, 2020. The JCP&L transmission assets are currently on stated rates based on a settlement approved by FERC in February of 2018. A rate moratorium that was part of that settlement will expire on December 31. Our forward-looking formula rate plan would support energizing the future investment needs in New Jersey including approximately $175 million in capital spending planned for 2020. We expect an initial response from FERC by the end of December.  Finally, in mid-October the bankruptcy court approved FES’ plan of reorganization. FES has stated that it plans to emerge as an independent company with a new name by the end of this year. Now, let’s look ahead to next week, when we will see many of you at EEI. At the meeting, we forward-looking to sharing with you our new corporate responsibility report and strategic plan. These reports support our commitment to increased transparency and engagement with investors, customers and other stakeholders, while providing a platform to track our progress as we transition to a cleaner, smarter and more sustainable energy future. Corporate Responsibility Report is aligned with the five pillars of our mission statement. It includes extensive detail on our initiatives from reducing the environmental impact of our operations and upholding high standards for corporate governance, to advancing employee and public safety while building a diverse and inclusive workplace.  The report includes our initial steps to provide data in alignment with the global reporting initiative and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board metrics as well as links to our policies. We plan to update the Corporate Responsibility Report annually including a data refresh next year in alignment with our 2019 annual report.  At EEI, we will also introduce our first public strategic plan using the foundation of our seven core values, the plan clearly articulates our vision for the next five years. It includes our approach to the rapid changes in our industry, fueled by involving customer expectations, emerging technologies and a lower-carbon economy. As we have continuously demonstrated over the past several years, FirstEnergy and our dedicated employees are prepared to meet any challenge as we work together to deliver energy for a brighter future.  Thank you for your time. We’ve made great progress this year and we remain focused on executing our strategies for a sustainable customer focused growth that will continue to build value for our investors, customers, communities, and employees.  Now, I'll turn it over to Steve for a review of the third quarter. 
Steve Strah: Good morning. It's good to speak with you today. Before I begin, I will remind you that all reconciliations and other detailed information about the quarter are available on our website in the strategic and financial highlights document. Also, you will recall that because of the preferred shares issuance in January 2018, we have been presenting our operating results and projections on a fully diluted basis to ensure the best comparative view of our performance. As of August 1, all of the outstanding preferred shares were converted to common stock.  Now, let's review our results. Our third quarter GAAP earnings were $0.73 per share. Operating earnings were $0.76 per share. As Chuck mentioned, this was above the midpoint of our guidance. In the distribution business, earnings decreased compared to the third quarter of 2018, primarily as a result of more moderate weather compared to the very hot conditions last summer. Results for the third quarter of 2019 also reflect the absence of the DMR in Ohio as well as higher expenses and depreciation. These factors were slightly offset by a lower effective tax rate and lower net financing costs.  Distribution deliveries decreased slightly compared to the third quarter of 2018 both on a natural and weather-adjusted basis. Cooling degree days were 22% above normal for the third quarter, but 9% lower than the third quarter of 2018. Residential sales were down 2.2% on an actual basis compared to the third quarter of 2018, but slightly increased on a weather-adjusted basis. We continue to see a very slight increase in weather-adjusted residential sales over the last 12 months.  Third quarter sales in the commercial customer class decreased 3.8% on an actual basis and 2.9% when adjusted for weather compared to the third quarter of 2018. This change was driven largely by lower demand in the education sector, partially due to the implementation of energy efficiency measures as well as decreases in the food and beverage and real estate sectors. In our industrial class, third quarter load decreased 1% as continued growth in the shale gas sector was offset by lower usage from steel, automotive and chemical manufacturers, including the impact of the shutdown of the GM Lordstown plant earlier this year.  While we continue to watch these trends very closely, load for each customer segment remains in line with our forecast with bright spots including stable residential customer usage and modest growth in both residential and commercial customer accounts.  Looking at our transmission business, earnings increased primarily as a result of higher rate base at our formula rate companies related to the continued investments in the energizing the future program. And in our corporate segment, third quarter results reflect lower operating expenses in the absence of a third quarter 2018 contribution to the FirstEnergy foundation.  Before we open the call to your questions, we have a few other financial matters to discuss. First, it is our custom to providing estimate of the annual pension and OPEB mark-to-market adjustment which is a non-cash item along with third quarter results. Based on market conditions as of September 30, we estimate that adjustment to be in the range of $400 million to $1 billion. As always, the final adjustment will be determined by the discount rate and asset returns at the end of the year.  Our return on assets currently stand at a solid 17% plus for 2019. Looking ahead, if these results hold through the end of the year, we would be on track to decrease our 2022 funding requirements by approximately $140 million. In addition, while the lower interest rate environment resulted in a higher pension liability, our funded status has slightly improved to 78% from 77% at year end 2018.  Second, during the third quarter we successfully expanded our corporate term loans and now have a $1 billion one-year facility and a $750 million two-year facility. We will evaluate refinancing some or all of these amounts into the capital market sometime next year. Finally, we met with the rating agencies earlier this quarter to review our progress on our goals as a fully regulated company with an improved risk profile. We expect all three to provide normal course updates on our entities possibly as soon as EEI. Thank you. We continue to be committed to executing our strategies and meeting our commitments to investors. Now let’s take your questions. 
Operator: Thank you. We’ll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is coming from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your question. 
Shahriar Pourreza: Just a quick question on the pension. So, with pension coming in better than expected, can you just maybe talk a little bit about how you think about the flexibility that could sort of provide if these results kind of hold i.e lowering future equity needs post ‘21. You’ve talked about pension as being one of those levers versus using that flexibility to deploy additional capital. So any thoughts on how we should think about the incremental flexibility that you could get?
Chuck Jones: I think the way you think about is Shar as what Steve said in his prepared remarks is that we don’t have no required pension contribution through 2022, so -- and it’s reduced our 2022 requirement by about $140 million. So between now and 2022, I don't think it has any direct impact on our business. It just has an impact on the funding requirement that we will ultimately see out there in the future. 
Steve Strah: Shar, this is Steve. Just to put a little finer point on that. Our next required funding requirement is in 2022 and that looks to be $240 million.
Shahriar Pourreza: And just lastly on JCP&L and sort of the transmission opportunity there. As you guys look to roll to formula rates, can you just remind us if that makes deploying capital more attractive or you’re sort of already had that full run rate there? So is there opportunities to deploy additional capital by going to formula rates?
Chuck Jones: I think formula rates obviously are our preferred mechanism. They provide the benefit of being very transparent to investors, very transparent to customers and regulators. I think they clearly result in a return of cash based -- both return on and return of capital investment in a more timely fashion to allow additional reinvestment back into future projects. So we talked about what we have planned for 2020 in JCP&L. But as we go forward, obviously, I think transmission formula rates are our preferred mechanism, and we will have now pretty much all of our company except for the former Allegheny transmission system on formula rates once FERC approves us. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : So I just wanted to follow-up a little bit on some of the more detailed assumptions embedded in the guidance, especially for '20. What are you thinking about with respect to the decoupling filing in Ohio? I suppose, how are you thinking about reflecting that in '20 to the extent to which it is already? I guess that that might be more of a risk reduction profile than the earnings impact, but I'd be curious. And then related to that, how do you think about '19 and the inclusion? I thought there was a potential for a true-up depending on the specific timing here. If you can elaborate? 
Chuck Jones : Well, I'll answer the last part first. I don't think it's going to have any impact on 2019. We expect to file the decoupling rates and the commission has 60 days to approve them. So, they're likely won't approve them this year, I don't think. As far as how I look at it, I think it establishes a fixed cost for the base distribution costs in Ohio. Obviously, the DCR and the Grid Mod riders are on top of that. But by establishing the fixed base, it's going to accomplish what the legislature tried to do. It allows us to continue to promote energy efficiency with our customers so that they can get the benefit of that without impacting our base revenues.  I think you pointed out the risk piece of it. It fixes our base revenues and essentially it takes about one-third of our company and I think makes it somewhat recession-proof. So, I get a question a lot about where I'm worried about a future recession. It's 2 million customers in Ohio that this is going to help make sure that that doesn't impact us. And I think
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Are you assuming it or it's unclear? 
Chuck Jones : Assuming what? 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : The decoupling filing in '20. 
Chuck Jones : Yes. It will be -- I'm -- we're assuming it will get approved in 2020. Yes. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : And then related, if you can just clarify the last question just a little bit further. The funding requirement in '22 for pension is $240 million or is not? Sorry, I apologize about the back and forth, there. I just want to clarify that. 
Steve Strah : It stands at $240 million right now based on our projections, Julien. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : How do you think about -- or let me try to back up here and not be too granular. How do you think about the overall earnings growth trajectories enabled by that level of equity funding as you kind of rethink and rebase going forward? And I know I'm not -- hopefully, I'm not getting too far ahead of your more strategic thoughts here, but I'd be curious. 
Chuck Jones : Julien, I'm not sure I even understood that question to be honest with you. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : How do you think about rebasing on a going forward basis as you roll forward next year, given what seems like a better pension outlook? 
Chuck Jones : I don't think it's going to affect our plans for growth in the future in any fashion, Julien. And as I said in my prepared remarks, I mean, we'll get to giving you the CAGR and our equity plans when I'm comfortable with it. To plan on a company like ours three to four years out, it's a challenging process and it involves 10 operating companies, including our transmission business, look at project by project, what they plan to execute out in 2022 and beyond. It involves a lot of analysis around things like market performance and interest rates and growth economy versus recession economy and we're doing all that right now and I learned a term in engineering school called swag. I've never been willing to apply that to what I give to you. And I'm very protective of this record that we've established of every time we've given a commitment to you in the last five years, including the commitment on a major restructuring initiative, we've hit it. And we're getting close, but it's just a complex process and as soon as we're done, we'll communicate what the future beyond 2021 looks like. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Please proceed with your questions. 
Praful Mehta : So, maybe just on the growth, if your guidance as we looked at 6% to 7% or 6% to 8% growth and you take the midpoint of that and imply what it means for 2021 and you compare it against midpoint of 2020, suggests a growth of about 5%, 5.5% between '20 and '21. So, I guess, just the slope of that growth, just wanted to check, is that just more of what it is between '20 and '21 but not an indication of long-term growth? Are you still comfortable with the 6% to 8% longer term from there? Just wanted to get any color on that would be helpful. 
Chuck Jones: Well, I think I've said twice now. I'm not going to give you what we expect our CAGR to be beyond that. But I also said, I don't think you're going to be disappointed when we ultimately do give it. 
Praful Mehta : I'll take that. Maybe moving to the credit side, you guys mentioned that you had constructive dialog with the rating agencies. Is there, in your view, going to be a lower threshold of what is required given the improved business risk profile? And also connected to that, how do you think about the whole co-leverage at this point? Is there a certain level that you're looking to maintain as a percentage of total debt? 
Chuck Jones : Well, I'll let the rating agency speak for themselves. We do talk with them frequently and they are very aware of our plans. As far as whole co-leverage, I wish it wasn't what it is. But at the same point, as I've discussed in the past, we are comfortable that we can deploy about $3 billion of capital investment in our transmission and distribution system. That's what's driving the growth of this company and do it in a way where we will eventually grow into a stronger balance sheet. We could deploy back some of that cash towards maybe some of the holding company debt. But I just don't think that's the right thing to do for shareholders over the long-term. So we're going to continue to take our cash investment in growth, and then, as I said, we'll tell you what that's going to look like for the future coming up soon. 
Praful Mehta : And just one final thing, on Slide 24 of your Factbook, you have the weather-adjusted distribution deliveries and the growth rates. It looks like most of the states are negative except West Virginia, which looks like meaningfully constructive and positive, especially on the industrial side. So maybe, if you can touch on what's driving the other states and what specifically in West Virginia supporting that growth? 
Steve Strah : This is Steve Strah. In West Virginia, the growth is primarily driven by the shale gas industry. It continues to be very resilient and seems immune to any of the discussion that we've heard about with regard to recessions or the trade tariff issue. So, West Virginia is really driven by that. Overall, as we have talked in our past, we project load growth in general, however, to be flat to slightly positive. And that's really just our six-state territory and where we see the economy going. I would also remind you that within our business plan, we take a conservative approach to these projections, and we've proven over time to be very accurate in doing it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions. 
Stephen Byrd : I just wanted to follow up on the New Jersey filing that you put in. You mentioned, Chuck, in your prepared remarks, you expected a response from FERC by the end of the year. I'm just not that familiar with this process. Is this something that's fairly procedural and shouldn't be subject to link the review or are there sort of elements that could require more protracted deliberation? 
Chuck Jones : I think it's a pretty simple case. I wouldn't see any reason that FERC couldn't act on it. 
Stephen Byrd : Understood. And then just following up on Shar's question just in terms of the benefits there. I appreciate what you had said, Chuck, in terms of just contemporaneous return being able to redeploy more capital. Is there a greater potential for further spending in the state? Do you see -- and maybe away from this filing specifically, but just other objectives, longer-term projects or items that are sort of on your longer-term wish list that you might think about further after this filing? 
Chuck Jones : Well, I think across our entire footprint, we have already identified about $20 billion worth of transmission projects that we believe need to be completed. So, it's just a matter of, as we look at how do we deploy nearly $3 billion of capital every year, there is a rack and stack process that we go through that prioritizes where that money is spent for the most effective benefit for customers. And if in the end, it means that we would spend more in New Jersey, we'll spend it in New Jersey, but we have formula rates in Pennsylvania and Ohio also. So, it's more how are the projects stack up that drive us where to spend. I don't think you should expect us to materially expend more capital than what we've committed to, which is around $3 billion a year. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your questions. 
Paul Patterson : Just the FERC has put out a few orders in the last couple of months that seem to be oriented towards increasing competition or cost containment with respect to transmission projects sort of per quarter 1,000 sort of follow-up kind of stuff, I guess, is the best way to describe it. And as you know, there is also some procedural stuff going on with stakeholder process at PJM. And I was just wondering what your thoughts were about your perspective on these orders and these efforts? 
Chuck Jones : Well, I think, PJM, in particular, has a very transparent process already that affects these supplemental projects. And since that's where we operate, I'll comment on that. Because it's transparent, it's caused some of the questioning that goes on. But I will tell you that the projects that we do in transmission today, about half of the money is spent on PJM RTEP projects already. So those are already projects that PJM are saying are needed for future reliability reasons. And the rest fall into the category of what I call good asset management practice. And I think for the regulator, whether that be FERC or even the state commissions, to try to get too involved in how we do asset management as a business would be a mistake, because we're the one ultimately responsible for making sure that this grid is reliable and resilient and able to perform for customers, not just today, but for the long-term and the projects that we're doing just fall into the typical asset management decisions you make when you're running a bulk electric -- a piece of the bulk electric system and a system that serves 6 million customers. 
Paul Patterson : Okay. So generally speaking, you'll see these efforts bringing about any more competition into the space that you're currently expecting to invest in. Is that the right way to think about it? 
Chuck Jones : Not as it relates to what we're doing at FirstEnergy. The average project size inside this $1.2 billion of transmission spend, the average project size for us outside of the RTEP projects is about a $1 million to $1.5 million. These are small projects. I can't believe anybody is going to really be interested in trying to bid them and I would point out they're competitive bid already, because we competitive bid -- if we're putting in a new circuit breaker, we competitive bid that with numerous suppliers. If we're using a contractor to do that work, we competitive bid that work. So these projects are already competitive bid. And I don't think you're going to see anybody else that has the buying power or the capability that we have to competitive bid them cheaper anyway. 
Paul Patterson : Okay. And the other projects, you don't think are going to be subject to it either, the larger ones? 
Chuck Jones : Some of them are already subject to that. But no, I don't see it changing significantly from the way we do business today. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions. 
Michael Lapides : I know a lot of people want to ask about 2029 guidance, but I'd actually like to focus on next year first. Your transmission guidance is actually implying a pretty low growth rate relative to the midpoint of your 2019 transmission guidance, right? Your 2019 range had about $0.85 as a midpoint, your current guidance for 2020 transmission, a couple of cents higher. Is there a significant slowdown in transmission growth if that's starting to kick in as law of big numbers starting the impact kind of the ability to grow at kind of within the range, the 6% to 8% range? I'm just curious how you're thinking about the growth at the transmission business over the next couple of years and especially into 2020 over '19? 
Jason Lisowski : Yes, Michael, this is Jason Lisowski, Chief Accounting Officer. So you're right, in 2019, we did have a little bit of additional O&M in our stated rate at transmission companies. So that was about a penny, penny and a half of additional O&M. So that reduced the '19 from the original guidance. But as you look into 2020, you'll see in the Factbook on Page 56 that we are showing about $0.04 increase year-over-year and that's the natural transmission growth that Chuck and Steve were talking about. But we do have a little bit higher interest expense mostly at FE transmission that holding company there issuing some additional debt. So we have some additional interest there. 
Michael Lapides : And then when you think about rate base growth in transmission, do you think rate base growth in the transmission business is a 6% to 8% level or is it even higher than that? 
Chuck Jones : It's higher than that. I think in the 10% to 11% range. 
Michael Lapides : And then one last thing for cash flow. Can you remind us going forward what if any cash payments do you have to make to the FES stayed effectively over the next couple of years? As part of the original settlement there, what's left? 
Steve Strah : Michael, this is Steve Strah. We have a $225 million payment that's due to FES upon emergence. We will also at that time issue a tax note that will be due in 2022 for $628 million. That's our current plan and those are the commitments that have already been subject to being made public. So we're just going to continue to follow the agreement. 
Michael Lapides : Got it. And can you walk me through how the cash flow in the accounting metrics for the tax note will work? 
Jason Lisowski : Yes. Michael, this is Jason Lisowski again. So that's going to be issued as a note, and then once it's paid, that's when it will come through. So it's obviously non-cash until we actually pay it in 2022. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar Research. Please proceed with your questions. 
Charles Fishman : Thank you. Just one question. Corporate other up about 10% '20 over '19. I see what the Factbook says. Missing in the Factbook is any general corporate expenses. So, I'm making the assumption that the downsizing with respect to FES is going -- or went to plan. And then, any more color you can provide on those other two bullet points on the Factbook, the income tax rate going higher and looks like higher interest expense too? Thank you. 
Jason Lisowski : Yes. Charles, this is Jason Lisowski again. So our corporate O&M expenses really predominantly get allocated out to the distribution and transmission. So only think really left at corporate is any tax planning initiatives that we have and the holding company interest. And so to your point on '19 to '20, we did have a little bit of a tax benefit, some discrete items as we got the tax return for '18 finalized in '19. We're not expecting those types of benefits to go forward. So you are seeing a little bit higher the tax rate and a hurt, if you will, '19 to '20, from the effective tax rate. 
Charles Fishman : And what about interest expense? That was listed in the Factbook. 
Jason Lisowski : Yes. So, the interest expense is just related to our holding company debt. 
Charles Fishman : More debt, higher rates or? 
Chuck Jones : No. It wouldn't be more debt. I mean, interest rates are fairly flat, if not going lower from the term loan. So, I'd have to actually go in and take a look to find out what's driving it. 
Charles Fishman : Okay. But the important thing is we shouldn't expect that kind of acceleration going forward? 
Chuck Jones : Not at all. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul Fremont with Mizuho. Please proceed with your questions. 
Paul Fremont : Thanks. If I look back to your second quarter disclosure, it looked as if you were expecting sort of the underfunded pension position to improve by roughly $500 million. Is the update today should we assume that, that $500 million improvement does not take place at least for at the end of this year? 
Chuck Jones : I'm not sure what you're looking at in the second quarter disclosures, Paul, but... 
Paul Fremont : I think, you go from 77% funded, this is Slide 59 of the second quarter Factbook, to 82% funded in 2019. And now it looks like, I think from your disclosure or from what you were saying on your slide, your improvement is not 82%, it's to 78%. 
Steve Strah : So, Paul, it's Steve. So the $500 million voluntary pension contribution that we made in the first quarter is the driver. So we went from 77% at the end of '18 to 78% funded status, but the other piece of this is the pension liability increased by $1.5 billion. So we went from $9.1 billion at the end of '18 to about $10.6 billion at the end of September. 
Paul Fremont : Right. So when you end the year, the underfunded pension should still be in the range of $2.1 billion at least based on where interest rates are today, right? 
Steve Strah : If everything holds, the underfunded pension position will be around $2.3 billion. So, it will be up $200 million versus where we ended 2018. 
Paul Fremont : Got it. Okay. And then on the transfer of the transmission, do you need New Jersey approval or is it purely FERC approval? 
Eileen Mikkelsen : Good morning. This is Eileen Mikkelsen and I'm Vice President of Rates and Regulatory Affairs. And FERC is responsible for approving the JCP&L transmission transfer to a forward formula rate. 
Paul Fremont : Okay. So there is no New Jersey approval involved? 
Eileen Mikkelsen : New Jersey can certainly participate in the process, but not involved in the approval of the applications. 
Paul Fremont : And then on the decoupling in Ohio, aside from rebasing, does decoupling give you any type of assumed percentage increase on a go-forward basis or is decoupling essentially just sort of a weather assumption? 
Chuck Jones : I think it's fixing our base rates and what it does compared to anything else is dependent on what you think is going to happen with the economy, what you think is going to happen with weather, what you think is going with happen with energy efficiency, et cetera, et cetera. So what it really does is it locks in our fixed base revenues at 2018 levels and I don't know how to compare it to anything else. So that part is going to be a certainty and then the DMR and the Grid Mod is on top of that as we make the investments that we're making in the Ohio companies. 
Paul Fremont : Okay. But aside from going back to 2018, we should not assume percentage increases on a go forward basis associated with that? 
Chuck Jones : No. It's going to fix them until our next base distribution rate case in Ohio. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your questions. 
Andrew Weisel : My first question is on rate cases. The Factbook now shows that you're continuously reviewing considerations for rate cases in New Jersey and West Virginia. That's a bit of a change in the wording. Are you intending to signal a change in the messaging and maybe any high level thoughts on when those next rate cases might come in those two states? 
Chuck Jones : I wasn't intending to signal anything but I'll have Eileen update you on what we're looking at as far as future rate cases. 
Eileen Mikkelsen : Thanks, Chuck. This is Eileen Mikkelsen and again really as it states in the Factbook, we are continuously reviewing the investments that we're making in our jurisdictions, the recovery associated with those investments and using that information to make our best judgments about when it's appropriate to file for future rate cases. 
Andrew Weisel : Okay. So you're not suggesting that it might come sooner, given the change in wording. Is that fair? 
Eileen Mikkelsen : I think the change in wording was really trying to be more precise about the process we use to make that evaluation. 
Andrew Weisel : Good to hear. Then second, I'm hoping you could help me reconcile some of the guidance updates. Again, in the Factbook here, it looks like you -- on the transmission side, you increase your rate base forecast by around 2%, but the CapEx figures are unchanged. And then it's sort of the opposite on distribution where the CapEx numbers are now at the high-end of the prior ranges, yet the rate base forecasts have actually come down a little bit. Can you maybe just walk us through how to reconcile those two things that seem a little bit at odds? 
Eileen Mikkelsen : This is Eileen Mikkelsen. We did an evaluation as we always do looking at rate base and particularly as it relates to West Virginia and Maryland, we refined our assumptions, our separation studies associated with accumulated deferred income taxes as well as the distribution versus transmission assets. So that's what you see is kind of that re-racking and stacking associated with that further refinement of that analysis. 
Andrew Weisel : So, certain assets were switched basically from one rate base to a different rate base? Eileen Mikkelsen - FirstEnergy Corp. As well as certain balances associated with accumulated deferred income taxes, yes. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Sophie Karp with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions. 
Sophie Karp : Just one conceptually to ask you about how as the regulatory mechanisms evolve across a few of your jurisdictions, you're moving transmission in New Jersey to similar rates, there is decoupling in Ohio. If that makes may be capital allocation to these distribution utilities, do these jurisdictions are really more attractive versus transmission growth in the longer term? 
Chuck Jones: Well, I think we're deploying capital where it's best fit to serve our customers better. And it right now out of average, call it $3 billion. About $1.2 billion of that is in transmission, $1.8 billion is in distribution. I don't think you're going to see that change a lot, but we clearly do prefer very transparent rate mechanisms. We mentioned on the call that we just filed another long-term infrastructure plan in Pennsylvania. The DCR and the Grid Mod in Ohio are very transparent riders. We have utilized the new rider in New Jersey for the first time starting last year and then we have transmission formula rates. And that $3 billion, a little over 60% of that is being deployed in these mechanisms that are very transparent and return cash back to the business quicker for reinvestment. 
Sophie Karp : And on Maryland, real quick, smaller part of the overall picture, but what are your thoughts on -- are you going to participate in the potential multi-year rate filings there? 
Eileen Mikkelsen : This is Eileen Mikkelsen. And we have been actively participating in those stakeholder discussions relative to the multi-year rate plan rules in Maryland. We expect those final rules to be issued beginning of 2020 and then we'll evaluate the application of those to our Maryland distribution utility at that time. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Lapides : Two questions. These are a little bit housekeeping, probably Steve-oriented. One, what's the tax rate for income statement purposes you're embedding in guidance for 2020 and how should we think about whether you're paying cash taxes? That's the first question. And then a follow-up, coming back on the Transmission thing, you're -- I'm looking at Slide 13, you're forecasting 11% rate base growth CAGR but you're forecasting EPS growth of, like not quite 5%. I'm just trying to true-up, is all of that just intermediate holding company leverage that's weighing on that growth or is there something else in there in 2020 I'm not thinking about? 
Jason Lisowski : Yes. Michael, this is Jason. So on your first question, if you look at Slide 56 of the Factbook in the lower right-hand corner, we note what our assumed consolidated and business unit segment tax rates. So we're expecting in 2020 to be around 21% to 24%. I'll just also mentioned that Charles had a question on the corp other, the interest expense that's increasing, that's predominantly because of that FES note that $628 million that will be issued upon their emergence. So we're assuming that will be issued at the end of this year, so we'll have that interest cost next year. And then going back on the cash taxpayer, we right now do not expect to be a federal cash taxpayer through at least 2024. 
Operator: Thank you. And we have a follow-up from the line of Gregg Orrill with UBS. Please proceed with your questions. 
Gregg Orrill : In Ohio, where do you stand versus achieving the energy efficiency mandates from the legislation? And secondly, are there any additional details around the timing of the FES re-emergence process? 
Chuck Jones : Eileen will take the first half and I'll take the second. 
Eileen Mikkelsen : Thank you, Chuck. With respect to the energy efficiency standards, the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio recently released a report really suggesting that all the utilities in the state were very close to that target and in fact opened up a comment period to seek comments from folks relative to what happens when we achieve that House Bill 6 mandated 17.5% level. 
Chuck Jones : And as far as the FES process goes, it's not our process at this point. The court approved the restructuring plan. Every aspect of it as it affects FirstEnergy has been clarified. But what they've said is they expect to get the nuclear licenses transferred yet this year and emerge yet this year. 
Operator: Thank you. So thank you all. We’d had a greater quarter. Look forward to seeing you all next week at EEI. Take care. 
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the FirstEnergy Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations for FirstEnergy. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Irene Prezelj: Thanks, Brenda. Welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Today we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies and prospects. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the earnings information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on the FirstEnergy Investor Relations website along with the presentation, which supports today's discussion. Participants in today's call include Chuck Jones, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Strah, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and several other executives in the room, who are available to participate in the Q&A session. Now I'll turn the call over to Chuck.
Chuck Jones: Thanks Irene. Good morning, everyone. I'm glad you could join us. Last night we reported solid second quarter GAAP earnings of $0.58 per share, along with operating earnings of $0.61 per share, which is above the midpoint of the guidance range, which we provided on our last call. While the mild spring weather across our service territory contributed to lower distribution sales this quarter, our results benefited from continued transmission rate base growth related to our Energizing the Future program, as well as lower expenses. We are executing on our plans to focus on customer service oriented growth, as we strengthen our distribution and transmission systems and prepare them for the grid of the future. As promised, these strategies are producing solid and consistent earnings growth that is in line with our guidance. The only downside I see, as you may start to find our calls a little boring, but seriously, I'm very excited about where we are at, at FirstEnergy, but more importantly, where we are going. Let's start with a review of some of the recent developments in our business over the last few months, then Steve will walk you through the results and as always, we will have ample time for your questions. In our transmission business, we remain on pace to implement $1.2 billion in Energizing the Future investments this year with 600 to 700 projects on track to come into service during 2019. Last week we participated in a transmission summit hosted by the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio. Our team brief the commission and staff on the key areas of investment addressed by our Energizing the Future program, the need for this work and the benefits to customers as well as our process for project selection. When we began our Energizing the Future initiative, a large portion of the work, supported projects required by regulators, which included changes taking place in the electric generation sector and supporting local load growth. Today our transmission system is expected to withstand cyber-attacks and extreme weather events, help predict when maintenance is needed and limit the impact of outages when they occur. Reflecting the shift, our investments are focused on utilizing technology to modernize the grid, enhance security and create greater operational flexibility, while also upgrading aging infrastructure. As we discussed last quarter, these investments are designed to significantly reduce the impact of transmission outages on our electric customers. For example, where work has been completed in our ATSI service areas since 2014, we've recognized nearly 50% reduction in the duration of customer interruptions caused by transmission outages and a 52% reduction in the number of customers affected by such outages. I would like to remind you that one transmission outage can impact tens of thousands of customers, saw 50% reduction in outage events is providing tremendous reliability benefits. To manage the hundreds of transmission projects in various stages of planning, development and construction each year, we are implementing our new performance management process called achieving performance excellence or ApEx. The goal is to refine our transmission project management processes into a more structured, consistent and efficient method of delivering projects as designed on time and on budget. Turning to our distribution business. On May 23rd, the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission approved our modified long-term infrastructure investment plans or LTIIPs, the plans increase the spending in each of our four Pennsylvania operating companies in 2019 by total of about $85 million. This includes accelerating capital that was planned for 2020 as well as additional capital to support enhancing reliability in the state. We are currently recovering these investments through the DISC Rider at all four utilities. Next month, we plan to file new LTIIPs that will outline our Pennsylvania operating companies incremental reliability spending plan for the 2020 through 2024 period. Before we move from Pennsylvania, I will mention that we have signed a non-binding term sheet to transfer the responsibility for decommissioning Three Mile Island Unit 2. This would transfer the plant, property, nuclear decommissioning trust and plant license as well as the responsibility for decommissioning to a subsidiary of Energy Solutions, LLC., an industry leader in the nuclear decommissioning business. As background TMI-2 is currently license to do GPU Nuclear and owned by Met-Ed, Penelec and JCP&L. We acquired in 2001 as part of the GPU merger, since it was not an operating plan, it was never part of FES or FENOC. While we are still to beginning of the process, which requires numerous regulatory approvals, this agreement would transfer future nuclear obligations from FirstEnergy and further simplify our regulated focus. Turning to New Jersey. The BPU approved our JCP&L Reliability Plus plan in early May and we've begun to implement this infrastructure investment plan with projects designed to enhance the safety, reliability and resiliency of our New Jersey distribution system. One of the first projects is installation of 1700 new TripSaver automated reclosing devices on local neighborhood powerlines. These devices help limit the frequency and duration of service interruptions by automatically detecting issues, isolating outages and pinpointing the location of problems to help speed restoration. Now let's turn to Ohio, where there has been quite a bit of activity over the last several weeks. Last week, we received approval from the Public Utilities Commission for our grid modernization program. With investments of $516 million over three years. The stipulation was approved unanimously by all five commissioners and the commissioners complemented the parties on reaching a global settlement that resolved many issues with a broad base of support. This order also fully resolves the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in Ohio, with our customers receiving 100% of the tax savings. We expect related refunds to begin this quarter. In addition, we will begin the work to further modernize our Ohio electric distribution system. The program is designed to reduce the number and duration of outages and help our customers make inform decisions about their energy usage with advanced metering and communications. On July 15th, we filed our 2018 Significantly Excessive Earnings Test or SEET results with PUCO for each of our three Ohio utilities. Each utilities individual 2018 return on equity was well below our calculated SEET threshold and the consolidated ROE for our Ohio companies was 8.8% also well below calculated threshold. The Ohio operating budget approved last week included an amendment allows us to combine our Ohio results under a single SEET review. This change will not increase our customers rates, it preserves an important consumer protection and maintains the ability of the PUCO and other interested stakeholders to assess our annual earnings. At the same time, it allows us to implement our rate plan in a manner that best serves customers across our entire Ohio footprint. In other developments, House Bill 6 was approved by the Ohio legislature and signed by Governor DeWine yesterday. As you know, the key issue of House Bill 6 is a support it provides to nuclear assets in the state, while we no longer own this generation, we believe this legislation is good for our customers, because it will contribute to the state's economic success and the security and resiliency of the regional electric grid, while mitigating the potential impact of uncertain electric markets on our customers' electric bills now and in the future. House Bill 6 also includes provisions that allow electric utilities to implement a decoupling mechanism, which further supports energy efficiency initiatives that benefit Ohio customers, while providing revenue certainty to utilities. It was set residential and commercial base distribution related revenues at the levels collected in 2018, breaking the link between revenue and the amount of electricity consumed. We are reviewing the potential impacts to our customers and the companies and could seek approval for this mechanism later in the year. Finally, I know many of you are interested in the status of our Distribution Modernization Rider, as a bit of background this rider was approved by the PUCO in 2016. It initially allowed the collection of $204 million in revenues each year for three years and that was adjusted to $168 million in 2018 after tax reform. 2019 is the last year of the initial rider, although we filed earlier this year to extend the DMR for two more years. In June, the Ohio Supreme Court issued a 4-3 decision calling for removal of rider DMR from our Ohio Company's current rates. But the court recognized that the funds already recovered under the rider are not subject to refund. Earlier this month, our Ohio utilities filed a motion for reconsideration with the court. We firmly believe the DMR was benefiting our customers by jumpstarting our investments and grid modernization and we believe we have a solid legal argument to support our position. However, along with the motion for reconsideration, we proactively filed with the PUCO to make the DMR charges billed during the reconsideration period, which began July 1st subject to refund, if the court ultimately orders the rider DMR must be removed from our rate plan. Given our performance year-to-date, we are affirming our 2019 operating earnings guidance of $2.45 to $2.75 per share. If we do not ultimately recover the approximately $0.12 per share contribution from the DMR for the second half of the year, we would expect results in the lower half of this range. We are also introducing a third quarter operating earnings guidance range of $0.68 to $0.80 per share including the DMR of $0.06 per share. Finally, we are affirming our long-term compound annual operating earnings growth projection of 6% to 8% from 2018 through 2021. You'll recall that the DMR has never been included in our growth projections. Thank you. Now, I'll turn it over to Steve for a review of the second quarter and the first half of the year.
Steve Strah: Good morning, everyone. It's good to speak with you today. As always, I'll begin with a couple of housekeeping items. First, reconciliations and other detailed information about the quarter are available on our website in the strategic and financial highlights document. Also, we continue to present operating results and projections on a fully diluted basis, this provides the best comparative view of our performance. As of July 22nd, there are currently 181,520 preferred shares outstanding, with conversions expected to be completed by January of 2020 Now let's look at our results. Our second quarter GAAP earnings were $0.58 per share. Operating earnings were $0.61 per share, as Chuck mentioned, this was above the midpoint of our guidance. In our distribution business, our results were primarily impacted by very mild spring weather, which contrasted with a very hot spring in 2018. This drove lower load across all three of our customer classes. Results also reflect the absence of last year's benefit from a court ruling on cost incurred for renewable energy credits in Ohio. These factors were slightly offset by the impact of lower expenses and income taxes. Total distribution deliveries decreased compared to the second quarter of 2018 both in actual and weather-adjusted basis. Heating degree days were 20% below normal for the second quarter and 23% lower than the second quarter of 2018, while cooling degree days were about 4% below normal and 28% below the same period in 2018. Residential sales decreased 9.7% on an actual basis compared to the second quarter of 2018% and 2.4% on a weather-adjusted basis. Overall, our weather-adjusted residential sales have grown modestly over the last 12-month period. Second quarter sales in the commercial customer class decreased 5.6% on an actual basis and about 3.2%, when adjusted for weather. In our industrial class, load decreased 1.7% as continued growth in the shale gas sector was offset by lower usage from steel and automotive manufacturers. If you look back at the second quarter of 2018, steel sector usage was about the highest we've seen over the last four-year period and our automotive sector still included the now closed GM Lordstown plant. These changes contributed to the tough year-over-year comparison. Moving to our transmission business. Earnings increased as a result of higher rate base at our formula rate companies related to our continued investments in the Energizing the Future initiative. And at our corporate segment, second quarter results reflect lower operating expenses, which offset higher net financing costs. Before I open the call to your questions, I'll review a few items within recent ratings activity. We are pleased that Moody's upgraded the credit ratings yesterday of several of our utilities. Ohio Edison and Penn Power were both upgraded from Baa1 to A3. CEI was upgraded from Baa3 to Baa2 and Toledo Edison was upgraded 2 notches from Baa3 to be Baa1. The ratings outlook is positive for Ohio Edison and Penn Power and stable for CEI and Toledo Edison. We believe these upgrades in addition of those earlier this year by Moody's for ATSI, MAIT and JCP&L demonstrate the underlying strength and positive momentum of our regulated platform. In addition, as you may know, S&P recently revised its group rating methodology, which is used to determine issuer credit ratings for entities that are part of corporate groups. As a result, we expect to see positive actions for several of our operating companies that have a stronger credit ratings profile than the consolidated group. We are pleased with our progress this quarter and through the first half of this year, we remain focused on meeting our commitments to the investment community and executing our plans. Now let's take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Julien Dumolin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: So want to go back over this and I acknowledge at the outset that this is still early days in implementing this, but can you elaborate a little bit on the mechanics of this decoupling element. I know there is a 90-day element to file for it, but how exactly, would it be implemented with respect to full year 2019. And then secondly, in addition of the mechanics of filing for it and applying it to the 2019 year, how should we think about establishing 2018 rates that might be the trickier piece here. But how do we understand 2018 versus 2019 and I appreciate the nuance that you have these other tracker mechanism in place that make it a little bit apples and oranges at least from our side to see it comparably. So if you don't mind, because I get at the end of the day this is a decoupling mechanism, but there is a few nuances here?
Chuck Jones: Well, let me try to tackle it at a high level first and I don't think we're going to be prepared to speak to the exact nuances and how it's going to affect either 2018 and 2019 till we get a chance to fully analyze it. But the bill was our clean energy bill at its heart the decoupling is included in the bill to support Ohio’s clean energy goals. It allows all of the utilities to continue to work with customers to drive further energy efficiencies without a concern for the impact on the revenues with the companies. In Ohio, we have a shared mechanism for lost distribution revenue that this now eliminates the need for us to worry about that. And it's ultimately going to - it will help reduce customer bills because that energy efficiency mandates on our bills, we're going to grow significantly over the next several years. AEP, Duke and DPL already had some type of decoupling mechanisms in place. And I’ll point out this applies to the base rates only and as you already said Julien, it's a 90-day period before it goes into effect and then 30 days. So we're looking at November 20th would be the earliest date that we could file for being included under this new decoupling mechanism. And the commission would ultimately has 60 days to make a decision. So that pushes it till January 19th. For me, as I look at it, I think if you combine the decoupling opportunity with the seat provisions that were combined - that were included in the budget bill with our ESP that's already in place through 2024. It puts us in a position for our Ohio companies where the base distribution revenues can be very predictable and very strong. And the growth in our Ohio utilities is going to come from continued investments in the DCR rider and the 516 million that was just approved for the grid modernization rider. So I think it's going to ultimately provide a very clear and transparent story for our three Ohio companies, but I just can't give you the specifics on the details of how it affects 2018 and 2019 just yet. We've got to get into it.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Maybe let me make this simpler, just to help frame this. Because I suppose, if you look at year-over-year comps, like you just did. I mean how much are you down year-over-year on weather as you think about it and if you were to think about it specifically for our Ohio if that might be an easier way to just frame it, just year-to-date. Can you tell me if that's appropriate to?
Chuck Jones: Yes, Steve is going to answer the weather issue.
Steve Strah: Yes, maybe I can tackle the weather at a high level issue Julien as we try to compare two very different quarters when you look at 2019 versus 2018. 2018 was very hot weather, it makes the quarter-over-quarter comparison challenging weather adjustment for us is art part science. And this is just one quarter, so it's kind of dangerous to compare them year-over-year. When you look at our trailing 12-month average, I think I'm more comfortable, looking at that and really on an overall basis total loads are about 0.2% to the positive. So we view that as the broader indicator. And I think Ohio tracks along very well with that comparison. Hopefully that helps.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: And just again to clarify the last question there. Since, you would file potentially on November 20th earliest that could still apply to 2019, even if you don't get a decision until June 2019. Just to clarify that last piece of the process?
Steve Strah: Yes.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Excellent, well, thank you all very much.
Chuck Jones: And on this topic, I just want to take a moment to say how great it is in the State of Ohio to have leadership in Columbus, who actually looks at issues and is willing to lead. I want to complement our Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Senate President, Speaker of the House, numerous members of the legislature and Senate, and the Chairman of the Commission because they all work together on a very complex bill here. With a goal I think of providing stable and transparent rates for customers going forward and keeping their Ohio utilities strong at the same time. I think they came up with an approach that was very strong in terms of looking out for this industry and our customers in the State of Ohio.
Operator: Our next questions are from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar Research.
Charles Fishman: Chuck I either had a bad assumption or - a memory here. I always thought the plan on TMI was to wait until unit one retires and then do both of them together. I guess my first question is, am I wrong about that. And then related to that is, I realize you're just at a term sheet, but what we've seen with other nuclear owners that have retired plants. And I'm assuming this is what's going to happen with energy solutions they take over the trust fund in exchange for all the responsibilities of the decommissioning and decontamination. And then what you would do once you have a signed contract is or the two of you acting together since they can accelerate this decommissioning. You would go ahead and derisk the trust fund and certainly there is a good time to be doing that. So there'll be plenty of money in that is. Do I have this correct right?
Chuck Jones: Well, let me kind of take it from the beginning. First, I don't believe there was ever any plan to decommission both units together. One unit is owned by Exelon, one unit is owned by FirstEnergy through GPU nuclear and the utilities as I said. And I think both Exelon and us are going to make our own decisions about how to move forward with our assets. Our decision was up until now we've been relying on Exelon for some support with TMI-2. And there is ongoing monitoring and things you have to do that now that they have made the decision to close TMI-1 that caused us to start looking more seriously at what we needed to do with TMI-2. And I think that basically what I'm trying to say is the term sheet outlines an approach whereby all of the liability for decommissioning along with the decommissioning fund the license, the property, the assets, will all be transferred to Energy Solutions and it will get FirstEnergy out of the nuclear business entirely.
Charles Fishman: And there's plenty of money in the trust fund.
Chuck Jones: Well, I think that's the thesis from Energy Solutions perspective is, that they’re good at this. There is plenty of money in the trust fund and they believe they can execute and decommission it for less than what's in the trust fund with whatever is left over being their margin so to speak on the decommissioning.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Paul Fremont with Mizuho.
Paul Fremont: I guess first question would be, I noticed on the pension that the slide is unchanged from the fourth quarter but interest rates, I think are substantially lower than they were in the fourth quarter. Can you provide any type of an update on what the unfunded pension liability would be at the end of this year versus sort of the 1.6 billion that you were indicating, I think in that slide?
Chuck Jones: I'll turn it over to Steve, but I'll point out that it's July and while the returns on our pension have been doing really well. Last year December was a horrible month and caught everybody by surprise. So we can't really predict in July, what we think is going to happen, but we can give you. And Steve will give you a kind of a year-to-date outlook on where we're at.
Paul Fremont: Great.
Steve Strah: Paul, it's Steve Starh. So Chuck -- it's only July, we've really won't have a clear picture until we get to the end of the year. Specifically on what the asset performances as well as the impact of the full yield, yield curve. But right now based on what we know our funded status is right around 82%.
Paul Fremont: So that actually that's consistent with where, what the slide would show it to be right?
Steve Strah: Yes. So we ended 2018 right around 77% and keep in mind, we made a $500 million contribution earlier this year, so that benefited us and so the impacts that we have related to our return on assets are basically offset by the change in the full yield curve to date. So that washes and so the $500 million contribution really improved our funded status from 77% to 82%.
Chuck Jones: And I would just round it off by saying, we don't see a need for an additional contribution through our planning period through 2021.
Paul Fremont: And then any update on when you might provide an indication of growth beyond 2021.
Steve Strah: Not before EEI this year at their earliest.
Paul Fremont: And then sort of last question on the CapEx guidance that you're providing particularly for Ohio and New Jersey, does that reflect the settlement because you're still providing sort of a fairly wide range is in both of those jurisdictions. And is there -- and if it doesn't, you sort of, provide an update as to where you would see yourself in the ranges for both for both Ohio and New Jersey?
Steve Strah: It does reflect a settlements and we provide the ranges. Just to give us some flexibility as the years unfold to move some money around from state to state transmission to distribution et cetera for things that come up that are unforeseen and that's the only reason the ranges are there. I think you can expect us to be total capital and that $2.8 billion to $3 billion range each of the next several years.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Two questions. First of all on the distribution business, how are you thinking about the outlook for O&M and O&M growth over the next year or so?
Chuck Jones: I would say we're look -- thinking about it being flat.
Michael Lapides: So keeping O&M growth relatively flat versus what a 2018 ongoing O&M level at 2019 level or I'm just trying to think about what the baseline is?
Chuck Jones: I would say the baselines been where the baseline spend but we just, we just went through our FE Tomorrow program which reduced some of our obviously corporate O&M and exceeded our original targets by $50 million. So that's all been baked in to our current numbers going forward as we make these investments in transmission and distribution. What we're trying to do is make investments that have offsetting reductions in O&M that can allow us to kind of keep our O&M flat as things like wages and the cost of material and supplies go up incrementally each year.
Michael Lapides: One other and a little bit of an unrelated question, you've tracked pretty well in kind of weather normalized especially industrial demand in West Virginia. At what point does this create a need for new infrastructure for you guys to build out and how do you think about kind of the timing of when that's needed, and whether its generation or significant transmission or even substation build out and B, how do you go about getting recovery on that?
Chuck Jones: Well, of new businesses part of what we deal with every single year inside both our distribution and transmission budgets. In transmission there have been several fairly substantial projects in recent years, dealing with the shale gas development in West Virginia and Pennsylvania in particular, so we cover all of that within those existing capital budgets. We plan for a certain amount, it moves around each year, but new business as part of what we plan for every single year and there is no need to really I think contemplate anything exceptional there.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotia Howard Weil.
Andrew Weisel: I’ve got a question on the treatment of writers, particularly in Ohio and Pennsylvania. So obviously the DMR court decision was an unfavorable one. My question is the money that you were planning to spend for that program, will you continue to spend it and just seek recovery through a more traditional Avenue notwithstanding, in the rate freeze in Ohio, but should I think of that CapEx money as still going to be spent or is it going to be maybe downsize or postponed and I understand you work within very wide range of the guidance. That's very clear. I'm just wondering about the outlook for the actual spending?
Chuck Jones: I think you should think of it this way, I mean first of all, we're very disappointed, as I said in the court ruling. And we think we've made a rehearing application that has strong legal basis, but the cash that came from that rider it was factored into our capital plan, which I already said is going to be $2.8 billion to $3 billion each year for the next several years across the whole footprint. It's not going to affect what we spend on capital. It's not going to affect our growth rate over the period. In fact, nobody ever gave us credit for it anyway. And now, it's a big deal when it's not going to be there for two quarters, it's cash and we've worked hard to strengthen our balance sheet. Steve articulated, particularly the recent credit rating agency actions on our Ohio utilities with upgrades at all of them in a double upgrade at one of them. So the impact of the cash is we don't like it, but it's not going to take us off track from the story that we're telling you, which is 6% to 8% growth and solid movement in Ohio with the CR and the grid mod writers.
Andrew Weisel: And then a similar parallel questions for Pennsylvania, you have the upcoming LTIIP filing for 2020 to 2024, should we, when you give the CapEx guidance for Pennsylvania you split it into stated in formula, should we think of maybe how can you give us a little sneak preview as to the size of what that filing might look like. Maybe I'll ask it that way.
Chuck Jones: I don't think we can and we're still formulating it and until we know exactly which projects and which -- what our goals are going to be, we can't. But, but the range of capital that we give you is a range. That's large enough that if we decide to expand LTIIP it would take us to the top end of that range if we decide to keep it where it's at we may hang at the bottom of that range, but I think you can expect, as I've said somewhere on the order of $2.8 billion to $3 billion of capital invested in our companies over the next several years every year.
Andrew Weisel: So if the outcome of that process is lower end of the reign type of number, would that just mean that you'll have to recover the capital through traditional rate case maybe a little sooner than if the LTIIP were larger, its that the way to think about it?
Chuck Jones: No, I think what we file and LTIIP. We have the ability to recover through the desk and then ultimately, when we get to the point where it's 5% of revenues for our company, then we'll have to have a base rate case to continue, but I don't think you should expect us to tell you anything unless, unless that capital range that we've given you would change for some reason other than that we have that range to allow flexibility for us to manage the different things that come out throughout the year at all these companies.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Chuck Jones: All right. Well, it will be I think our shortest earnings call. I hope you weren't too bored. But it feels good to be where we're at. And thank you for your support. Look forward to talking to you with the third quarter call
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you. Please go ahead. Irene Prezelj Thanks, Brenda. Welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Today, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies and prospects. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such statements can be found on the investors section of our website under the earnings information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on the FirstEnergy Investor Relations website, along with the presentation which supports today's discussion. Participants in today's call include Chuck Jones, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Strah, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and several other executives in the room, who are available to participate in the Q&A session. Before I turn the call over to Chuck, I’ll note that we updated our investor materials with the goal of making it easier for you to find the information you need on our website. Our former consolidated report has been merged into our quarterly earnings package with additional materials provided in our fact book. As always, we welcome your feedback on these changes. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Chuck. Chuck Jones Thanks, Irene. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. We're off to a very good start in 2019. Last night, we reported GAAP earnings of $0.59 per share along with operating earnings of $0.67 per share, which is above the midpoint of our guidance range. Steve will discuss later our results reflect the continued success of our regulated growth strategies. Let's begin with an update on our progress so far this year. In our transmission business, we're on pace to implement a plan to $1.2 billion investment in our Energizing the Future program in 2019. With most of that work in our ATSI and MAIT service territories in Ohio and Pennsylvania. Just a reminder, energizing the future is a multi-year program to improve the reliability, resiliency and security of FirstEnergy’s portion of the bulk electric system that is shared by our entire nation. It’s working. Just one example is that we have reduced transmission outages due to equipment failures on our ATSI system during the first four years of the program by 37%. And while we are still finalizing year 5 [ph] results, it looks like that will increase to eliminating more than half of the equipment related outages in ATSI. We expect similar results in May as we move forward. We currently have about 1000 projects underway in stages ranging from engineering and project development to project management and construction. Many of these are multi-year endeavors and we expect to bring 600 to 700 projects in service in 2019, which is consistent with our pace during the last several years of this customer focused initiative. To support our Energizing the Future initiative, this month we opened our center for advanced energy technology or Kate in Akron. This 88,000 square foot facility is one of the most comprehensive grid technology testing and training centers of its kind in the country. We designed it to be a centralized hands-on environment where our engineers and technicians can develop and evaluate new technologies and grid solutions and simulate a variety of real world conditions. It also includes classroom space where we can train our workforce to safely use new equipment and processes as we upgrade, maintain and ensure the security of the grid. In addition to supporting our grid modernization program, Kate also creates opportunities for us to advance best practices across the industry. We hope to collaborate with peer utilities research institutes, research institutes and key stakeholders such as device manufacturers, who could potentially utilize our state of the art facility. Turning to our distribution business, as we mentioned last quarter, our Ohio Utilities filed a request with the Public Utilities Commission in early February for a two-year extension to the distribution modernization rider. Again, while we believe, we have a strong case to continue this rider I will remind you that it is not factored into our current earnings growth projections. Also in Ohio, our supplemental settlement regarding tax reform and grid modernization is pending with the PUCO. This proposed settlement addresses how customers will benefit from savings associated with federal tax reform and seeks approval for the initial phase of our grid modernization program with investments of $516 million over three years. In New Jersey, we were very pleased to reach a settlement yesterday with the staff of the Board of Public Utilities, the division of Rate Council and the New Jersey large energy user’s coalition for our infrastructure investment program. Our JCP&L Reliability Plus program builds on the service enhancements we have made in our New Jersey footprint in recent years with an additional $97 million investment. Through this program, we plan to implement more than 1400 targeted projects to enhance the reliability and resiliency of overhead power lines, replace existing equipment with smart technology devices and expand the vegetation management program to reduce tree related outages. On final approval from the BPU, the work will take place between June 1, 2019 and December 31, 2020. Once the projects are complete, customers will experience fewer sustained outages under normal conditions as well as a reduction in outage duration. While there was a difference between our original IIP request and the settlement amount, we have plenty of opportunities to make those capital investments in other parts of our system, both in distribution and transmission. We will also contemplate filing a subsequent IIP in New Jersey, to continue our investments there beyond 2020. In Maryland, the Public Service Commission issued a final order in our Potomac Edison rate case on March 22nd. The order fully resolved tax reform in Maryland, calls for a final bill credit to customers to return prior period tax savings and allows Potomac Edison to increase based distribution rates by $6.2 million net of tax reform, to invest in safety and reliability enhancements. In addition, the Public Service Commission approved a four year Electric Distribution and infrastructure surcharge rider. That program will be used to recover incremental costs related to three reliability programs, which include installing more distribution, automation equipment, accelerating an underground cable replacement program, and utilizing new substation rate closers that can minimize the number of customers impacted by service interruptions. Potomac Edison is required to file another distribution rate case at the end of the surcharge period. In January, the Public Service Commission also approved Potomac Edison’s five year $12 million pilot program to install electrical vehicle charging stations in Maryland and offer rebates for charger installations. As part of the program, Potomac Edison plans to install 59 public charging stations at locations across our Maryland service territory, including nine fast chargers, residential customers will be eligible for rebates for the installation of EV charging stations at their home and rebates will also -- will be available for charging stations installed at multi-family properties. We're proud to support Maryland's efforts to encourage the adoption of electric vehicles, which is an important step for a cleaner, healthier, environment. We see projects like this as a natural fit for First Energy as we fulfill our mission to become a forward looking utility committed to making our customers lives brighter, the environment better, and our communities stronger. Our environmental and social on government strategy is built on the pillars of our mission statement. In 2019, we are continuing our efforts to offer greater transparency and engagement with our ESG goals. Late this year, we will produce a new corporate responsibility report to examine our efforts on issues as wide ranging as diversity inclusion, our environmental footprint, corporate governance and community support. This will complement our first climate report, which we published earlier this month. The Climate Report looks at how our strategies as a fully regulated utility are aligned with the emerging technology trends that support a lower carbon future and examines the business risks associated with a carbon constrained economy. It also reviews our significant progress towards the carbon dioxide reduction goal we announced in 2015. We pledged to reduce CO2 emissions from our generating fleet by at least 90% below 2005 levels by the year 2045. At the end of 2018, we had already achieved a reduction of 62% with about three quarters of that reduction related to plant retirements. We expect to reach a CO2 reduction of 80% later this year well on our way to achieving our goal. I want to express our experience with plant decommissioning activities. Over the past 12 years, we safely and responsibly retired and remediated seven coal plants, and successfully anticipated the economic and environmental concerns for each site. This is just one of the ways in which we have demonstrated our commitment to corporate responsibility. It is a core value that we stand by at all times and that includes during the FES bankruptcy. That is why a key component of our settlement agreement was our substantial support for FES to both emerge from bankruptcy and meet any legacy and future obligations. This includes all environmental responsibilities that could occur when the plants are eventually retired. Following the judge's decision on the FES bankruptcy earlier this month, FES committed to engage with the Department of Justice and other concerned parties. In light of the commitment by FES, our previous assessment of the obligations and the surety and funding that are already in place. We see no increase risk to removing the broad third party releases from the comprehensive settlement. While these releases would have served to bring finality to First Energy's involvement with these legacy assets, removing their releases does not in our assessment and experience increase liabilities or obligations to our company. We are pleased that FES has submitted a revised disclosure statement and believe they will continue to work constructively with all parties to ensure both timely approval of their plan and their bankruptcy exit. At the same time, we will remain focused on delivering clean, safe, reliable and affordable electricity to our 6 million customers with a commitment to environmental stewardship, corporate responsibility and implemented our regulated growth strategy. We are affirming our 2019 full year operating earnings guidance of $2.45 to $2.75 per fully diluted share including this year's DMR. In addition, we are introducing a second quarter operating earnings guidance range of $0.55 to $0.65 per share and affirming our long term compound annual operating earnings growth projection of 68% from 2018 through 2021. Thank you. Now turn the call over to Steve for a review of the first quarter and other financial developments. Steve Strah Good morning everyone. It's my pleasure to join you today. As usual, I'll begin with a couple of reminders. First, reconciliations and others detailed information about the quarter are available on our Website in the strategic and financial highlights documents. Also, we continue to present operating results and projections on a fully diluted basis. This provides the best comparative view of our performance. With that, let's take a look at our results. First quarter GAAP earnings were $0.59 per share. Operating earnings were $0.67 per share. As Chuck mentioned, this is above the midpoint of our guidance. In our distribution business, our results benefited from higher weather adjusted residential load, and lower interest expense related to debt refinancing. I'll spend more time on that topic in just a few minutes. These factors were offset by higher depreciation expense related to our rate base. Total distribution deliveries were essentially flat compared to the first quarter of 2018 with a slight increase on a weather adjusted basis. Heating degree days were close to normal for the quarter and comparable to the first quarter of 2018. Residential sales were a bright spot for us this quarter. Sales increased about 1% on a natural basis when adjusted for weather, the increase was almost 3% with growth in both customer counts and average usage. The upturn in weather adjusted residential sales over the past 12 months is an encouraging sign. In the commercial customer class, sales increased about 1.5% on national basis and about 1% when adjusted for weather. In our industrial class, load was flat, marking the end to a long 10 quarter run of growth in that segment. The results reflect lower demand from steel and automotive manufacturers, which offset growth, continued growth in the shale and chemical industries. Turning to our transmission business, earnings increased as a result of higher rate base, which reflects our continued investment in the Energizing the Future initiative. This was partially offset by higher operating expenses at our stated rate transmission companies. And finally, in our corporate segment, first quarter results reflected higher net financing costs in the absence of commodity margin from the Pleasants Power Station. As a reminder, we began to exclude Pleasants from our operating earnings in mid-2018 due to the court approved settlement that transfers economic interests of the plan to FES. These factors were partially offset by a lower, effective tax rate. Touching on underlying strengths of our distribution and transmission companies, we have recently seen positive, credit ratings actions for several of our subsidiaries. Near the end of March, Moody's issued one notch upgrades to ATSI, MAIT and JCP&L. And last week, Fitch issued one notch upgrades to JCP&L, Manpower, Potomac Edison and Allegheny Energy generated company. We believe these positive actions are a testament to our overall improved risk profile and we expect to see continued positive momentum. Before I close, I'll take a moment to review our financing activities this year. At our utilities, we refinanced $300 million of maturing debt at both JCP&L and MAIT during the quarter. We issued new senior notes totaling $900 million to re page or return borrowings and fund capital expenditures at these utilities. We also issued $500 million of new debt at First Energy Transmission and $100 million at ATSI, primarily to repay short term borrowings and fund continued investments in our Energizing the Future program. Lastly, from a liquidity perspective, as of Friday April 19, we had approximately $3.7 billion of liquidity of which $200 million was cash. Thank you for your time. We had a very solid quarter, and we're off to a great start this year. Now let's take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Q - Greg Gordon Hey good morning guys. Good quarter. Thank you. A - Chuck Jones Hi Greg. Q - Greg Gordon Can you talk a little bit about the -- the settlement in New Jersey, I think, you guys had asked for approximately $400 million of Electric Infrastructure investment over four years. I think you settled on $100 million over two years. How did we get -- ask to the to the deal, and do you think that's adequate to provide the safe and reliable power to those customers and how does that proceed after that? A - Chuck Jones So first of all from our perspective, Greg we're very happy with this settlement. It's now the second time, we've been able to reach a settlement in New Jersey with the main parties that influence our ability to do our business over there. Very happy with the settlement. To put it in perspective, it's $97 million over an 18-month period, which begins in June of this year and ends at the end of 2020. So just to give you a little perspective, where we talk in Ohio about $516 million over three years, let's double the number of customers. So if you have that, it's $258 million and it's double the number of years, three, versus one and a half. So if you have it again, it's $129 million. So we're spending $97 million in New Jersey versus $129 million in Ohio on an apples-to-apples basis. It's a good start, and we're very happy with it. And I believe if we execute to perfection, and we deliver the results that we intend to deliver in New Jersey, we won't have any problem negotiating an addition to this that goes beyond 2020. Q - Greg Gordon Great. Thanks for the perspective. Second question. When I -- when we look at the -- when we look at the new agreement that you've made to move forward with the get the disclosure statement that FES bankruptcy approved and get this thing done. What's the critical path now for the FES bankruptcy to be fully and completely resolved voted on, and for them to exit? Is it -- that we're waiting for the nuclear license transfers and -- or is it some other issue. And what's your best guess as to sort of the window of timing on when this is wrapped up? A - Chuck Jones Well with the caveat that I am not the CEO of FES and FEG, I would suggest that I think the nuclear license transfer is probably on the critical path. Now that we've kind of moved forward beyond the court ruling I believe, with regard to these nonconsensual third party releases. Let me just comment on that a little bit more. I would say that, that caught us by surprise with the focus of the court being solely on the releases and not on the actual settlement, because we believed in the actual settlement that we have provided substantial value to make sure that FES can emerge, operate these assets and deal with any retirement obligations when those come down the road. So we felt like the nonconsensual releases weren't a big deal, because of the substantial settlement that was on the table. But since the focus is on those, we decided to remove those and move forward. So now the next step in the process is for the court to move or to approve the disclosure statements and allow the process to continue moving forward. We're hopeful that will happen on May 20th, and then and then they will continue to make their case for emergence and we expect that to happen sometime later this summer. And then the license transfers would be on the critical path if it -- if it all flows that way. Q - Greg Gordon Okay. So later this summer would be great, August or September. Appreciate the color. Thank you. A - Chuck Jones I think it's later in the year than that Greg. It’s probably November, October November with the transfer. Q - Greg Gordon Got you. October, November. Thank you for being clear. Have a great day. A - Chuck Jones Okay. Operator Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumolin Smith with Bank of America. Q - Julien Dumolin Smith Hey good morning. A - Chuck Jones Hi, Julien Q - Julien Dumolin Smith Hey. Thank you for taking the question. So maybe just a start where Greg just left off. Might be a tad detailed, but just if you give us a little bit of sense, obviously you've posted a surety bond already specifically against some of the assets here and one of the larger collage assets. Can you talk about where that number came from just the firm it up in terms of. I know you said in your prepared remarks, this doesn't change the metrics as far as you see it. How did you come up with that surety bond number, and you how do you think about that relative to the obligation of that? Because obviously that came from somewhere. So I just want to try to be a little bit more confident out there. A - Chuck Jones Well. First of all those -- the surety bonds have been in place for quite a while now, all the way, way back to the beginning of our negotiations with FES and they arrived at given we have already begun the process for example, with Little Blue Run at the Mansfield plant of closing it in steps part by part every year. So we've got a good track record of what the cost to do that are, and the surety bond is was put in place to ensure that that their surety for those costs, should we at some point not decide to do it, but we're not going to do that. And I want to -- I want to say very clearly, what I said in my prepared remarks, we are going to stand behind any environmental commitment that we have if we sell a power plant. We're still in that chain of ownership at some point if the new owners would default. But the other thing I want to say very clearly is we're not afraid of that, because we've shut down, retired, remediated, tore down and turned over sites in some cases for seven coal fired power plants already. The cost, the benefit that you get out of the scrap, steel, iron, copper, aluminum, the property value For aluminum the property value et cetera, this is not any big deal for FirstEnergy. And so, we’re to move forward fine. But as I said before I want to repeat, we provided substantial benefits to FES that they're going to have the ability to take care of this on their own. Q - Julien Dumolin Smith Excellent. Thanks for the clarity there. If I can briefly here on credit overall, obviously that’s little bit tied to this process. How you think about that continued added latitude new metrics as it stands today given the timeline you just talked to Greg about as well if you don’t mind? A - Chuck Jones Well, I think if you’ve been watching we’ve seen nothing but positive action out of the credit rating agencies, positive action in particular down at some of our utility levels. But I don't expect that that’s going to change going forward. I think we were in constant communication with the rating agencies. They know we’re at in this process. When we had the little speed bump with the bankruptcy court, we communicated with them and I don't see anything that’s going to affect it on the downside. As we emerge and as we get this process completely behind us, I think we can make a case that we’re a much less risky company and that – we got to be able to move forward all in a very positive direction. Q - Julien Dumolin Smith Do you think it’s more than a percent or so versus the debt latitude as it stands today? A - Steve Staub Yes. Julien, and this is Steve. At the end of day the rating agencies are viewing this year as a year of the transition for us, okay? So upon emergence for FES will be responsible for putting forward the $225 million payment and issuing the tax note of $628 million for 2022. So, I think they understand it’s transitional. Once again, we believe that the beyond that we’ll be at our 12% FFO to debt ratio going forward and as the expectation we have going forward. We don’t see those base line expectations changing. As Chuck said, we’re working very closely with all three agencies to ensure, they’re fully aware of where we’re at. All the positive movements have been great so far. We want them to do their jobs and further consider. And I know they are cognizant that our risk profile is lowering at every point in this processes as FES gets through their bankruptcy. Q - Julien Dumolin Smith Excellent. I’ll leave there. Thank you very much. A - Steve Staub Thanks, Julien. Operator Our next question is from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Q - Jonathan Arnold Good morning. And I think couple of my questions were just asked, but I’d like just on the FES and the release change. Is there any accounting implication of that? Any AROs that you’d have to recognize that you wouldn't have had to recognize with the releases, just wanted to just tie up any loose end there? A - Chuck Jones I’m sitting here watching my chief accountant said – say, no. Q - Jonathan Arnold It’s good to hear, Chuck. Thank you. That was it. Operator Our next question is from the line of Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Q - Praful Mehta Thanks so much. Hi, guys. A - Chuck Jones Good morning. Q - Praful Mehta So, unfortunately I will also ask a little bit on this FES and the environmental side. If you could – could you dimension for us and given all the experience you’ve had and clearly the risk seems low here and you clearly help FES kind of stand on their own in terms of the remediation, but just to understand what is the risk, like if there is a look back period on the environmental side, how -- what are the factors that could kind of increase the liability from an FES perspective that could slow-up to FE, if you had to kind of look at worst-case scenarios, what are the scenarios that we should be thinking about in that case? A - Chuck Jones Well, I think it’s pretty simple actually, Praful. FES would have to go bankrupt the second time without having dealt with these environmental legacy issues that would then if they fall to FirstEnergy we will deal with them. But as I said earlier, we’ve got already experienced with what that means from an economic perspective and from an environmental perspective to take these plants down, return the land to a greenfield status and move forward and get it certified that way by the State EPAs that have jurisdiction over these sites. So there's just not that much risk. The value of the scrap and the value of the property offset and there's a cottage industry that has developed as a result of the number of power plants closing around this country to take these plans off their hands. They’re actually offer to pay you in some cases for the opportunity to deal with this legacy issue on your behalf, so it's just not something we’re concerned about. Q - Praful Mehta Got you. Again, very helpful color. But just to clarify, how good can that environmental cost be, like – is there coal ash? If they were like what can that number be before you get to the remediation and then obviously this scrap benefits. But is there a ballpark number that we can think about as a potential liability if FES does go bankrupt the second time? A - Chuck Jones With regard to any coal ash liabilities, the surety bonds that are in place already protect us on that front. So there aren’t any beyond that they we’re worried about. And as I said, the economics are such that there’s nothing there that I’m worried about in terms of ongoing financial obligations to our company that of what you get out of the scrap and the property. Q - Praful Mehta Got you. Again, super helpful color. Maybe a final question just on the DMR. In terms of timing of a decision is there any clarity on when a decision will come on the potential extension of the DMR? A - Chuck Jones No timing. We’ve ask for them to get moving and potentially you have hearings as early as August. Obviously, the existing DMR expires at the end of this year. So we would push hard for any answer sometime this year. So, we know what the impacts going to be next year. Q - Praful Mehta Understood. Again thank you so much. A - Chuck Jones Okay. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim. Q - Unidentified Analyst Hey, guys. Good morning. It’s actually James on behalf of Shar. A - Chuck Jones Okay. Hi, James, how are you? Q - Unidentified Analyst Good. I just had a quick follow-on question to Greg’s question regarding New Jersey. I know you’ve mentioned in the past that you’ve had conversations regarding EVM's restructure? And then we also just saw one of your neighbors propose a very large EE program. And I was wondering if we did see anything on either of these fronts in the near term? And then, would that be an addition to a 2021 IIP or is the bandwidth kind of limited there? A - Chuck Jones I don’t think there's anything ongoing there right now, James. We were focused on getting a settlement on the IIP through 2020. And what we plan to spend that $97 million on does not include anything to do with EV or it's what I said in my remarks. It’s improving the real-time reliability to customers. And beyond that what we plan, what we would look at beyond 2020 we haven't even started to focus on that yet. Q - Unidentified Analyst Okay. So, no conversations really on the EV at this point? A - Chuck Jones Not really. Q - Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thanks. Operator Our next question is from the line of Chris Turnure with JPMorgan. Q - Chris Turnure Good morning. I had another follow up on the New Jersey settlement. Could you give us a sense as to your regulatory strategy going forward there? You mentioned filing another IIP in a year or two. Why would you maybe choose that route versus going in for a full general rate case, given I think you are under earning in the state? A - Chuck Jones Let me just summarize our regulatory strategy overall, because I think it's the same everywhere. When we believe it's time for another base rate case, we will have a base rate case and that's whether it's New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland, West Virginia, Ohio, our rates are frozen for at least five more years. So – but we would have base rate case whenever that makes more sense than using the IIP or using the DISC in Pennsylvania. We’re going to look at that and evaluate it at all times. I don't see any meaningful base rate cases in 2019. And then, we’ll evaluate and we’ll let you know what we see is the plan for 2020 when we get out to 2020. Q - Chris Turnure Okay. But for now the kind of earned ROE trajectory there, plus your earnings from this settlement and the investment that comes from that are sufficient in your view? A - Chuck Jones Yes. Q - Chris Turnure Okay. And then my second question is on holdco financing strategy. I think on the last call you said the holding company would be around 35% to 37% of consolidated debt this year. Can you just give us some flavor as to that amount? How much of it is kind of long-term debt, short-term debt, term loans? And how much of that separately might be variable rates? A - Chuck Jones Yes. I'll let Steve Staub to answer that in detail. But I would just say, it's -- that's the level we're going to be at for the foreseeable future. And I continue to believe that as we get more financial flexibility as a company we're better off investing and serving our customers better and indirectly creating growth for our shareholders as opposed to retiring this debt. It's better and makes more economic sense I think for everyone involved. But I'll let Steve take you through the details of what constitutes that corporate debt. A - Steve Staub Sure. So, in terms of the composition of our holding company debt at FE Corp., we have 1.750 billion [ph] in term loans. That's our most cost effective debt on an after tax basis that's right around 2.5%. Then we have 5.35 billion in bonds that on an after tax basis is anywhere from 3% to 3.5%. And then, we have the $628 million tax note yet to be issued once FES emerges we will issue that note and that will be outstanding until the end of 2022. In terms of financing activity, I suspect that at some point in time over the next 12 months we will most likely go out into the bond markets and refinance the term loan position and potentially do some liability management on some of the bonds mature in 2022 and 2023. So you could see a sizable bond deal at some point in time with FE Corp over the next let's say 12 months. And as Chuck said, our holding company debt is going to be around the mid 30s, 35% to 37% for the foreseeable future and that's where we're going to be. Q - Chris Turnure Okay. That's helpful. And fixed versus variable rate is kind of embedded within that answer with the term loans being the variable component? A - Steve Staub That is correct. The term loans are the only variable debt that we have. Q - Chris Turnure Okay. Thank you, guys for the color. Operator Our next question is from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Q - Michael Lapides Hey, guys. Thanks for the taking my question. And congrats on a good start to the year. I have two, both a little bit on the regulatory side, obviously at the distribution business. First of all West Virginia, how are you thinking, Chuck, about a multi-year goal in terms of potential rate base growth reemerging or reigniting in West Virginia in the coming years? Meaning, how do you think about what the opportunity set for investment in that state is? That's my first question. My second question is about Pennsylvania. If I look at the data on your slide 31 in the fact book you guys put out last night. Some of the subsidiaries earnings, I don't know, trailing 12 months 2018, south of 8% or 7.5% earned ROEs. Just curious why -- I think three of them were below that. Why that wouldn't stimulate potential rate case filings in the coming months there? A - Chuck Jones All right. Well, first of all, thank you for asking regulated questions. It's nice to be able to answer those instead of FES questions. But with West Virginia, here's what I say, we don't have any long term strategy for West Virginia. We had in place a tree trimming strategy in particular because we had a number of storms dating back to the derecho back in 2013. I think that was -- that that show that we had some exposure there. But beyond that West Virginia is kind of a state that we're in a business as usual mode. We’re we're spending money every year. We're seeing some growth in West Virginia as a result of being a fully regulated state. Industrial growth in the shale and chemical sector and as well as in the north eastern part of West Virginia and our Potomac Edison West Virginia territory, we're seeing some growth. That's offsetting our costs. When we get to the point there where we think we need to have a rate case, we'll have a rate case. But right now, we just don't see any need to and I don't have any long term strategy because I think we're performing okay and there's nothing that needs immediate attention in West Virginia. With regard to Pennsylvania, we've made a concerted effort to improve our disclosures and I think that means you all are going to be talking to Irene quite a bit. But I don't think we want to get into details about rates of return and so forth on this call. So I'm just going to encourage you to talk with her off line about it. But I will point out that in Pennsylvania as of the first of this year the DISC is turned on in all four of our operating companies in Pennsylvania. We cannot turn that DISC on unless we're underneath the threshold for allowed rate of return as the commission looks at it. So I think we're in good shape. We're using the DISC at all four companies and I think we ought to take it off line to talk about the details, because as we get more and more transparent it's going to create a lot of questions that we just don't have time for on an earnings call. Q - Michael Lapides Got it. Thank you, Chuck. A - Chuck Jones Thank you. Operator Our next question is from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotia Howard Weil. Q - Andrew Weisel Good morning everyone. Chuck, [Indiscernible] I was going to congratulate you guys and the IRR team in particular for the new slide deck. I like the look of it. Two questions for you guys though both regulated, so don't worry about that. First one is, I know you haven't updated the CapEx outlook in a little while, but given the DPM and JCP&L Reliability Plus settlements, should we expect results to trend towards the higher end of the ranges? Or is it more a function of improved visibility into recovery with less or no lag? A - Chuck Jones Well, I think in what we’ve said as far as our going forward 6% to 8% growth plan, we've said that the CapEx program in general is going to be in the $2.6 billion to $2.9 billion range combined T&D throughout that planning period and I expect it continues to keep it in that range. That range contemplated. The IIP in New Jersey had contemplated where we were at with the grid mod in Ohio. And we provided a range there to allow for some movement in all of what we do. You can't plan down to the dollar -- $2.9 billion of capital spend. But I think you can count on it being in that range throughout the planning period and probably likely beyond the planning period. Q - Andrew Weisel Should I take that as a no comment on high end versus middle versus low end? A - Chuck Jones There's so much that moves around that it's going to be what it will be. We have capital costs related to storms that we expect to be able to cover within that range. If we have a heavy storm here, I'll move us to the high end. And if we have a light storm here it will -- there's just so much that moves around that I'm not trying to dodge your question. I just don't know the answer to your question and that's why we’ll provide a range. Q - Andrew Weisel Okay. Understood and fair enough. Next one I have is a little bit different direction than some of these other questions. Three of your largest states are at least contemplating some sort of ZEC programs for nukes. I know you don't have any plans for rate cases in the near term as you talked about. But do you worry about affordability impacts on rates on these programs? And how do you balance the tradeoff of reliability versus cost especially now that you're out of the generation business? A - Chuck Jones I don't worry about it at all because I think these states that are stepping up to protect their nuclear plants are ensuring long term rate stability for their residence and their customers in those states, and it's providing a hedge against the most high beta fuel that we've ever had in this industry which is natural gas. It's providing a surety that they have ample supplies of electricity during the most strained times of year in frigid climates where natural gas cannot meet all of its obligations. So, I think it's providing and just take for example, the bill that's pending here in Ohio. It's $2.50 per month on a residential customer bill. To provide that security we all buy insurance for our homes, our cars and a lot of other things. It's a very cost effective insurance policy that these states are taking out and it provides long term economic benefit and clean air benefits too. So, I think these states are smart and I'm on record and I'll continue to say as long as I have. I have this role. These states are making up for failed market policies that are not working correctly. When you form a market on nothing but a lease cost, marginal cost, it's not going to ever take care of the fixed costs of these important assets. So I think the states are all doing the right things. Q - Andrew Weisel That's very clear. Thank you very much. Operator Our next question is from the line of Agnie Storozynski with Macquarie Group. Q - Agnie Storozynski Thank you. I will go back to FES. So just taking a step back, I understand whole of the explanation about the limited – as any liabilities, but you did try to have this release included in the FES Settlement. So there must have been a reason why you wanted to have it there. So, if you'd never thought that there is a risk why did you have it in the settlement? A - Chuck Jones Well, Angie, I said in my prepared remarks, it was in there to try to create some finality which is I think important in everybody's minds as FES exits that is much finality as we could create we created. And that's why it was in there. Never expecting it to be the focus that it became during the bankruptcy process and the focus it became with the Justice Department. So, we believed that it could be in there because the substantial settlement that we've worked out with FES provides for taking care of these obligations over the long term and provides for their ability to exit, operate and then eventually deal with any plant closure costs that come their way. So we just didn't see it as a big deal one way or another, but it was in there to try to provide finality. And -- but once it became a speed bump we have no issue with removing it. Q - Agnie Storozynski Okay. And then on Ohio DMR, so, I mean is there -- are you engaged in negotiations? Is there any range of possibilities that you would consider. I mean, what is the pitch at this point in the sense, are you're trying to say that your investment level in Ohio will increase commensurate, so that’s basically humping 33 million in extended DMR. I mean, what can you give us here? What’s the bid and ask spread is currently? A - Chuck Jones Well, as I've said, we have nothing built into our forecast going forward for DMR. We've asked for the current level to be extended for two years which is what the original filing gave us the ability to do the bid ask and I guess its anywhere from zero to the current levels. Our approach is that it has driven what the commission was trying to do, which is stimulated investment in our Ohio utilities in grid modernization efforts that will hopefully then be built upon with approval of our grid modernization program once the commission gets back to a full business schedule. Unfortunately, we had a change in chairs and it's taking a while for them to get the train back on the tracks and moving forward there. But I expect we'll get approval of the grid mod program and build upon it. So the basic premise for why we are saying it should be extended is to continue to stimulate the things that the commission was trying to do in the first place. Q - Agnie Storozynski Okay. Thank you. A - Chuck Jones Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar Research. Q - Charles Fishman Good morning. Transmission; memory serves me that MAIT and ATSI, a few years back you agreed to a lower ROE in exchange for going forward rate making framework because of the hundreds of small projects you had and then obviously in hindsight appears to be the right decision based on the earnings growth there. But with all that -- with the discussion going on in FERC, the ROE review. Because you're already at a lower ROE relative to some other systems around the country, is that something that really we shouldn't even be concerned about that just not going to impact you? A - Chuck Jones Well, first, we agreed to make that change with ATSI, ATSI was at a higher rate of return on a lagging formula rate which as you said meant that a project they got done in January of 2019, we wouldn't start earning on until June of 2020 under that old. So now when that project goes in a forward looking formula rate, return to cash and earnings to the business much quicker. So the lower rate of return made sense for ATSI. When we founded MAIT, we founded MAIT from the beginning on a forward looking formula rate with a 10.38% return and MAIT it’s not that old. So I think it was set very recently. I don't think there’s anything that we’re worried about with regard to earned rate of returns in our transmission businesses. So I don't think there should be anything that you are worried about. And my read of the [Indiscernible] or what it's worth at the FERC is while they’re looking at rates of return they’re looking at in ways to continue to incent investment in this grid across this entire country, not ways to disincent. So I just don't think it's something that we should be concerned about. Q - Charles Fishman I realize your CapEx goes out to just 2021, are you even thinking about an energizing the Future Phase 3? A - Chuck Jones Well, I think I’ve said before, we have $20 billion of transmission projects that our team has already identified that they believe need to be done. And so given that need, I would expect it it's going to continue to be something we focus on for the foreseeable future. So, while I’m not telling you what our CapEx plan is. I think my expectations it’s going to be in that range for quite some time. Q - Charles Fishman Okay. Like your new slide deck. Thank you. That’s it. A - Chuck Jones Okay. Thank you. End of Q&A Chuck Jones All right. Well, I don’t see any more questions in the queue here. So, I want to thank you all for your time today. And thank you for your continued support of FirstEnergy, and we'll talk to you next quarter. Operator This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you. Ms. Prezelj, you may begin.
Irene Prezelj: Thanks, Christine. Welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Today, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies and prospects. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such statements can be found on the investors section of our website under the earnings information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on the FirstEnergy Investor Relations website, along with the presentation which supports today's discussion. Participants in today's call include Chuck Jones, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Strah, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and several other executives in the room, who are available to participate in the Q&A session. Now I'll turn the call over to Chuck.
Chuck Jones: Thanks, Irene, and good morning, everyone. 2018 was perhaps the most pivotal year in FirstEnergy's history. Through a series of careful coordinated actions, we met our commitment to fully transform FirstEnergy into a premier high-performance pure-play regulated utility. I will spend just a few moments recapping the year, then move to our opportunities for 2019 and beyond. We began 2018 by announcing a $2.5 billion equity investment from several prominent investors. Among other things, this new investment enabled us to reduce our holding company debt by $1.45 billion, eliminate the need to issue additional issue additional equity outside of our employee benefit and stock purchase plans through 2021, and contributed a total of $1.25 billion to our pension plan in 2018. That investment also helped us accelerate our regulated growth in infrastructure improvement plans. And for the first time ever, introduced a long-term growth rate projection for our regulated operating earnings. In April, we reached an agreement in principle to address our obligations in the Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings of FirstEnergy Solutions and all of its subsidiaries and FirstEnergy Nuclear Operating Company. Our final definitive agreement was approved by the bankruptcy court in September. Reaching a fair settlement with the debtors, Unsecured Creditor Committee and key creditor groups within months of the bankruptcy filing helped us deliver on our commitment to quickly and thoughtfully exit competitive generation, allowing us to turn our attention to FirstEnergy's future as a fully regulated utility. The settlement and our improved risk profile as a utility was stable, predictable earnings and cash flow cleared the way for an across-the-board upgraded S&P, including an upgraded issue or credit rating at FE Corp. and a positive credit outlook with Fitch. In turn, we had lower liquidity requirements and took several steps in October to reduce our financing costs. We reduced the aggregate commitments under our revolving credit facilities to $3.5 billion from $5 billion and extended the maturity dates to December of 2022. At the same time, we refinanced our revolver borrowings through two new term loans totaling $1.75 billion. To effectively and efficiently support the growth of our regulated transmission businesses, we completed our FirstEnergy Tomorrow initiative to realign our shared service organization and cost structure. Through a voluntary enhanced retirement package and the elimination of open positions, we reduced headcount in our corporate support functions by 40% and expenses by 43% without any involuntary employee layoffs, which is an accomplishment I'm very proud of. At the same time, we created a flatter, leaner management team by reducing layers and increasing spans of control. We identified and eliminated $300 million in costs associated with our previous support of competitive operations. And we expect to realize an incremental $85 million in savings due to additional reductions in capital, interest and O&M expenses. As a capstone to our transmission, our board approved a new dividend policy along with an initial 6% dividend increase in November that reflects confidence in our regulated long-term sustainable growth plans. With a targeted payout ratio of 55% to 65% of operating earnings, the new policy supports increased shareholder returns and continued investments in our strategic initiatives. Our stock ended the year with a total shareholder return of 27.7%, making FirstEnergy the top performer in the EEI Index. I know many of you have been long-term investors in FirstEnergy, and we thank you for both your confidence and patience. With all of this going on, I couldn't be prouder of the way our employees stayed focused and executed on our growth initiatives. Last night, we reported full year 2018 GAAP earnings of $1.99 per share and operating earnings of $2.59 per share. Operating earnings exceeded our initial 2018 guidance and were at the top end of the range we provided in October. This makes four consecutive years of consistently meeting or exceeding our guidance to the financial community. Our 2018 results benefited from weather, solid execution of our growth strategy in the transmission and distribution businesses, and modest load growth in all three of our distribution customer classes. We remain encouraged with the overall trends in our distribution business. Industrial sales have increased steadily for 2.5 years, while most of that growth is driven by the shale gas industry, we're also seeing sustained improvement in the steel sector. Our weather-adjusted sales to residential and commercial customers were modestly positive across the full year, and we're pleased to see continued gains in the number of new customers in these segments. In our transmission business, we are entering our sixth year of Energizing the Future program. We continue to efficiently execute our long-term customer-focused strategy to modernize the transmission grid across our service area. Our transmission rate base at 30% of our total regulated assets ranks among the largest in the nation, and our transmission spend as a percentage of market capitalization is at the top of our industry. We are excited about the future, and I believe we are poised for a strong year ahead. Let's shift gears to recap some of our ongoing initiatives and expectations, starting with our regulatory activities. First, our Ohio utilities have a supplemental settlement pending with the Public Utilities Commission in a matter of tax reform and grid modernization. The original settlement filed last November was signed by the PUCO staff, representatives of industrial and commercial customers, environmental advocates, hospitals, competitive generation suppliers and other parties. The supplemental settlement added the support of residential customer and low-income advocates. This settlement addresses how all of the tax savings associated with federal tax reform would be returned to customers and seeks approval for the initial phase of our grid modernization program with investments of $516 million. Earlier this month, our Ohio utilities also made a filing with the PUCO to request approval for a two-year extension to the Distribution Modernization Rider. Rider DMR was first authorized by the PUCO in 2016 to provide additional revenues to ensure our Ohio utilities have access to lower-cost capital that promotes a faster and more economical path to modernizing the distribution system for the benefit of our Ohio customers. While we believe we have a strong case to continue this rider, I will remind you that it is not factored into our earnings growth projections. In Maryland, hearings took place in January, and we expect a final order by late March in our first Potomac Edison base rate case in nearly 25 years. As we have discussed, our request of $17.6 million will address recovery of investments to provide safe and reliable service to our Maryland customers, and it is net of $7.3 million in customer savings related to federal tax reform. And in New Jersey, the procedural schedule for our four-year $400 million JCP&L Reliability Plus infrastructure investment plan was suspended due to settlement discussions. JCP&L Reliability Plus will enhance the safety, reliability and resiliency of our New Jersey distribution system. Throughout this year, we expect our newly formed Emerging Technologies group to continue identifying opportunity for future investments that will allow us to better serve our customers by analyzing and implementing advanced technologies and working with state and federal policies designed to improve grid performance and energy security. We are affirming our 2019 full year guidance of $2.45 to $2.75 per fully diluted share as well as our long-term operating earnings growth projection of 6% to 8% through 2021. Now let's turn to Steve for a review of our results for the fourth quarter and other financial developments.
Steve Strah: Thanks, Chuck, and good morning, everyone. It's great to speak with you today. First, a reminder, reconciliations and other detailed information about the quarter and the year are posted on our website in our consolidated report to the financial community. Also, consistent with our practice over the past year, we present operating earnings and projections on a fully diluted basis. This allows us to show preferred shares as fully converted and eliminates the impact of conversion timing. About 87% of the preferred shares had been converted as of January 31. We expect the majority of the remaining preferred shares to be included by the end of July in accordance with the terms of the equity issuance. With that said, let's get started at a look at the fourth quarter. GAAP earnings were $0.25 per share. This includes a pension mark-to-market adjustment and other special items. Operating earnings were $0.50 per share, in line with the top end of our guidance. In our distribution business; our results benefited from higher deliveries, lower financing costs, and stronger regulated commodity margin in West Virginia. These factors offset higher depreciation and O&M and which was primarily related to additional vegetation management work in Pennsylvania. Total distribution deliveries across all customer segments increased 1.2% compared to the fourth quarter of 2017. Residential sales increased one half of 1% while commercial deliveries were up 1.7%. Weather had a modest impact on sales with heating degree days about 7% higher than the fourth quarter of 2017. On a weather adjusted basis, commercial deliveries increased 1.8% and residential deliveries were essentially flat. In our industrial sector, the trend of steady growth now is stretched into 10 consecutive quarters. Fourth quarter deliveries increased 1.4% compared to the same period of 2017. This was led by gains in the shale gas, steel, and electric equipment manufacturing industries. In our transmission business, fourth quarter operating earnings at our formula rate companies were $0.02 favorable due to higher rate base at MAIT and ATSI. This was offset by higher O&M in our stated rate transmission companies. And in our corporate segment, we had slightly lower operating earnings offset by higher income taxes and the non-deductible portion of interest compared to the same period in 2017. Now I'd like to take a moment on this month's $500 million pension contribution. First, a quick history. Beginning in 2011, we adopted the mark-to-mark method for our pension and other post-employment benefit accounting. Each year, typically in the fourth quarter, we remeasure our pension assets and liabilities to recognize changes in discount rates, actual return on planned assets, and other differences to the actuarial assumptions. The loss or gain is recognized in our GAAP results. This is a preferred method of accounting under GAAP because it recognizes the actuarial gain or loss in the year it occurs instead of amortizing it over a longer period. We exclude this adjustment from our non-GAAP operating earnings to provide greater transparency to our ongoing operational performance. In 2018 our mark-to-market adjustment was a non-cash charge of $0.19 per share. Lower than expected returns were partially offset by a higher discount rate, which was on the high side of the estimate we provided in our third quarter materials. So we ended 2018 with approximately $3.9 billion of liquidity, of which $367 million was cash. We expected this favorable cash position to remain through 2020 so we decided to put the cash to work for us now by making the $500 million voluntary cash contribution to our pension plan on February 1st of this year. This contribution improves our pension plan's funded status to 82% and it eliminates any projected minimum funding requirements through 2021. As Chuck noted earlier, we're making great progress with the rating agencies. We're now investment grade across the board by S&P, Moody's, and Fitch; and we expect further ratings improvements over time as we execute the regulated growth plan that we've outlined. As many of you know, S&P tracks an FFO to total debt metric with a minimum threshold of 9%; Moody's tracks a CFO working capital to total debt metric which has a current minimum threshold of 12%; and Fitch tracks an FFO adjusted leverage metric with a maximum threshold multiple of 6.5 times. We expect to be compliant with all three rating agencies and their respective thresholds through our 2021 planning period. Our actions during 2018 redefined FirstEnergy. We're excited about our future as a premier fully regulated utility. Today more than ever, we're focused on three things; implementing our strategies, delivering on our commitments, and building a brighter future for our shareholders, customers, and employees. And now before we turn it over for your questions, Chuck would like to share a few additional comments.
Chuck Jones: Thanks, Steve. Today marks the final earnings call for two longtime members of our executive team who many of you know well, Leila Vespoli and Jim Pearson. Leila and Jim are both retiring in the next couple of months following long and distinguished careers with our Company. They both played key roles in our mergers, various acquisitions, and our transformation into a fully regulated utility; and both have been key trusted advisors to me during my tenure as CEO. I want to thank – take this opportunity to recognize their strong and thoughtful leadership and to wish them a happy and healthy retirement. Now I'd like to open the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Julien Dumolin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Hey, good morning, everyone. And again congrats to Leila and Jim here, it's been a pleasure.
Chuck Jones: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Good morning. I wanted to follow-up quickly, starting first with the commentary on New Jersey, the Reliability Plus program, just the commentary on a suspended timeline here in settlement discussions. How do you think this could advance just procedurally here through the course of the year and against the CapEx that you've already outlined? And then separately, I noticed you kind of mentioned this in conjunction with the newly formed Emerging Technologies Group. How do you think about the total potential size of spend here especially as you go through the settlement process?
Chuck Jones: Okay. So first in New Jersey, what I mentioned is that the procedural schedule has been suspended to allow the settlement discussions to continue. Obviously we don't have a settlement to announce or I would have announced it today so, but we're hopeful that we can get to a settlement. But your second question I think is an important one and that is we are planning to spend just shy of $3 billion of CapEx per year for the next several years in our footprint. So when I think about the New Jersey spend, obviously we filed that plan because that's where we would like to spend $400 million over the next four years. But in the event we don't get to a settlement and then we get back on to the procedural schedule and that doesn't work out either. We have plenty of opportunity around FirstEnergy in four other states and transmission to make these investments in order to support the 6% to 8% growth that we are committing to. As far as the Emerging Technologies piece, I think that's one of the most exciting things about where we're at as a company that we actually now have the time and the resources to start thinking about what do we want FirstEnergy to be in the future. We've committed to kind of what we're going to do over the next three years as far as capital deployment, but we're really looking state by state, utility by utility, and transmission at what are those new emerging technologies that makes sense for us to invest in on behalf of our customers, what are the regulatory and legislative impediments to being able to do that, and then we've got three years to start working on how do we deal with those impediments. And as I said, it's just I think an exciting time because I've just finished or just started my 41st year, I guess I would say, with this Company. The first 40 years we've been working in one form or another to always put some of the past behind us and today for the first time, we're really in a position to start looking to the future.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Excellent. And then quick second question here. I suppose the conversations are kicking off in Ohio again, about any potential legislation. Is there anything that you all would be looking towards on the utility side, specifically here if anything at all?
Chuck Jones: Not in any specific form, Julien. Obviously, if our new leaders of the states – we have a new governor, a new speaker of the house, we’re going to have a new Chairman of the Public Utilities Commission. If they determine that they think the time is the right to really put energy policy for the state back on the table in some fashion, legislatively, then we would expect to engage and provide our input. But it’s too early in the process for me to talk about what that might mean.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I’ll leave it there. Thank you all very much. Congrats, again.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Gordon: Hey, guys. Thanks, good morning. Just a quick question on the – you guys said that – in your prepared remarks that you expect to be compliant with all three rating agencies’ minimum thresholds over the course of the financing period – over the course of the forecast period. Given your 2019, I guess, when I think about the Moody’s metric, in particular, right, the FFO forecast is lower now because of the pension contribution, but that should basically be trading math since it reduces your assumed pension deficit. This, all things equal, will be sort of neutral to the calculation. Is that the right way to think about it?
Steve Strah: So yes, we expect to be in the right place with all three rating agencies throughout the planning period. 2019 has some unique attributes because of the remaining liabilities for the exit of competitive generation that are – that will be gone in 2019, and I think, in our conversations with Moody’s, they’re looking beyond that period at more where we’re going to be in the 2020, 2021 time frame. So we’re confident that we’re going to stay above the threshold for all three rating agencies, and hopeful that we can even get to a position where we see further positive movement from them.
Greg Gordon: Okay. That, I guess, without being – I was trying to be less blunt, but I just didn’t see you guys at above 12% in 2019 based on the cash flow profile you laid out in this guidance, but your explanation for that is that the CFO is negatively impacted by the remaining exit costs from FES and it should look better in 2020 and 2021?
Steve Strah: That’s right. There’s a little dip below 12% this year, but it writes itself next year.
Greg Gordon: Okay. You’re always very direct. And I appreciate that. Thank you. That was my question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Arnold: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Just on the pension. You mentioned expecting that kind of cash position to continue to be strong into 2020. Is – and you don’t expect to have to make any minimum contributions. But is there a scenario where we might see further voluntary contributions along the way here and just kind of how you’re thinking about that as you’ve been moving the funding up?
Chuck Jones: I’m not thinking about any further voluntary contributions right now. This one, the timing was such that we did have cash available to do it. And as you all know, our pension plan was hurt by the performance of the fund in 2018 as was everyone else’s. And taking this step early helped offset some of those losses that we incurred last year. But right now, we don’t have any plans to do anything. The next mandatory contribution is in 2022.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And can you share what would the size of that be, Chuck? Just kind of as you look at it today? I think you – before you had a $330 million for 2021 was the number you gave us at EEI. Is the 2022 number in the same ballpark or something smaller?
Steve Strah: Jonathan, this is Steve Strah. It is in the same ballpark. Right now, we have that estimated at just about $380 million, once again that’s in 2022 and we’ll – that will be subject to how the market performs over the next several year period, and we’re comfortable.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, great. Thank you. And then just one other thing on the – we don’t have time to review the filing on the DMR and as much detail as we’d like. But Chuck, could you just give us the sort of high level on how you’re justifying the request to extend and whether it’s similar or evolved a little from the original request?
Chuck Jones: So first, obviously we’re very thankful that the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio did this for us several years ago. It helps insurers, as I said in my prepared remarks, low-cost capital to begin the process of modernizing the grid in Ohio. Our filing pretty much is along those same lines. And I think we have a strong case to argue for two years of additional DMR funding. But I also have said repeatedly, we don’t have that in any of our growth plans, the 6% to 8% growth rates are not depending on it. And even if we get it for two more years both, those of you who evaluate our stock and the rating agencies, you’re going to factor it out because it’s only for two more years. But having said that, the cash and the availability of that cash to make meaningful investments in the grid in Ohio is important to us going forward.
Jonathan Arnold: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Praful Mehta with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Praful Mehta: Thanks so much. Hi guys.
Chuck Jones: Hi Praful.
Praful Mehta: Hi. So I just wanted just touch on pension, again just to clarify. Is the proportion of equity versus debt products that are invested from a pension plan changing as a result of the performance in 2018? Or is that consistently a high proportion of equity? Just so I understand going forward how should we think about the volatility of that fund?
Steve Strah: This is Steve Strah, again. We are not going to change our approach in terms of the composition of the investment portfolio. Roughly 70% of that portfolio is return-seeking. And I don’t see any meaningful change coming.
Praful Mehta: Understood. And the change in discount rate that offset a lot of that earnings impact, is that also one-time? Or how do you see that discount rate changing?
Steve Strah: We ended up moving to the full yield curve last year. So that turned out to be beneficial for us, and I think, we’ll just see how the market and interest rates move over the course of the year, Once again, we see no change in our approach.
Praful Mehta: Got you. On the credit side, it was very helpful to have the full context of all rating agencies. I wanted to understand is there any threshold from a holding company debt perspective that you’re also looking to achieve within the targets from a rating agency perspective?
Steve Staub: Praful, this is Steve. So from a holding company debt perspective, we’re targeting right around 35% to 37% holding company debt as a percentage of total debt and Moody’s specifically is aware of that and they have no issues with it.
Praful Mehta: Understood. Well, that’s super helpful. And finally, just from a strategic perspective, clearly, the transition has gone really well, your metrics are in line apart from the small pension stuff, everything seems to be working well. Is there at some point apart from pure execution, thought around strategic intent both on the buy or sell side in terms of how you’re thinking about that? Or is it purely just execution mode at this point?
Chuck Jones: So obviously, I’ve been getting this question a lot lately and those are the types of things that, number one, even if there was something we were thinking about, we wouldn’t talk about it. But, number two, growth through M&A in this industry is becoming increasingly difficult, increasingly costly to get the regulatory approvals necessary. I think many of our regulatory commissions are – it seems to be concluding that bigger companies aren’t necessarily better. But having said that, any opportunity that presents itself, we would take a hard look at. And if it makes sense both short term and long term for shareholders. I think we’ve demonstrated we’re willing to tackle tough decisions to make this company more valuable for our shareholders so we would do that. And as you know how that part of what we do works, Gary Benz, who is my Chief Strategy Officer, is listening to proposals from investment bankers all the time about things that they think can make our company stronger. We evaluate every single one of them and if everyone presents itself that really does make our company stronger, we’re going to make it happen.
Praful Mehta: Got you. I hear investment bankers do that so I appreciate it. Thank you for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Congrats on a good year. Just looking at Slide 23 and it has the distribution ROEs versus authorized. And a lot of these are pretty well below what the target, and obviously, Ohio is a different animal given how rate making’s done there. But just curious how you’re looking at some of the other subsidiaries, whether West Penn, one or two others, maybe even New Jersey; where it looks like these things kind of imply pretty sizable under-earning. How you’re thinking about rectifying that or whether it implies there’s a base rate case coming in one of those jurisdictions?
Chuck Jones: Well, it’s interesting the question about under-earning because I get them many, many times about concerns about us over-earning. And here’s what I would say. Take Pennsylvania, in particular, as of January this year the DISC has been turned back on for all four of our distribution operating companies and as you’re familiar with how the DISC works, we’re making investments under the DISC. Those investments will contribute about $0.02 a share to our 2019 growth. So one, that’s the method we’re using right now. At some point in time, if we bump up against the maximum amount of investment we can make under the DISC, then we will be required to have another base rate case around of base rate cases in Pennsylvania in order to roll that in and then be able to use the DISC going forward. But we’re a ways away from that point. I would not anticipate any rate case filings in Pennsylvania this year for sure, even though our stayout is expiring this year. In Ohio, we’re in a rate freeze through 2024. In Maryland, we’re just wrapping up a rate case with new rates to go in effect on March 23. It’s not been that long since we had a rate case in New Jersey. So, the investments that we’re making this year and really for the next several years, it’s just shy of $3 billion. Over 50% of that is being made in transmission formula rates and realtime riders in our distribution companies. And so the 6% to 8% growth that we’re talking about does not depend on any rate cases in order for us to achieve that growth. It’s merely executing the plan, investing in these formula-driven mechanisms, and then the growth will occur.
Michael Lapides: Got it. I just want to follow up on that, though, and I’m thinking New Jersey specifically, I mean the 2.1% trailing 12-month ROE that you’re showing on this, anything abnormal or highly unusual in that number only because that’s just a really sizable spread relative to authorized. And the IIP will help on future investment, but it may not help if you’ve got significant O&M lag that’s already in place.
Chuck Jones: I’m going to let Eileen answer that one for you, Michael.
Eileen Mikkelsen: Thanks. In looking at the loaded ROE for JCP&L on that Slide 23, I would note that, that was a number that preceded our last base rate cases the note says. So, it’s the last publicly available published ROE number from prior to implementing rates from our last rate case.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you. Much appreciated.
Chuck Jones: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman: Yes. DMR question was answered. So let me ask you this, Chuck. You made the statement either at third quarter call or at EEI that you didn’t think the market was appreciating the transmission system of FirstEnergy. I suspect that you had influence on that graphic on Slide 5 showing it’s 30% and anyone can see that that number is going to go up based on your CapEx plan. What else do you do to get – what’s going through your head as far as how you get people to appreciate the benefit of the FERC-regulated transmission?
Chuck Jones: Well, I think number one, we do have to start talking about it more and we are a company that has a large transmission footprint, 24,000 miles of transmission lines, largest in PJM, one of the largest in the country, it is 30% of our regulated assets, it’s growing at 11% per year over the next three years in that 6% to 8% growth rate. So I think it’s worthy of really calling it out to make sure investors see it. I think there are a couple of other things holding our stock back from rerating. One is the continued overhang of FES and even though we have reached a settlement with all the creditors and that settlement have been approved by the court, there’s still some confusion in the market as to our ongoing relationship with them that I don’t think will go away until they actually emerge and change their name at some point hopefully later this year. So, I think that’s holding us back. But I think – I can’t undersell the value of what the transmission system means to FirstEnergy and its shareholders. We’ve got forward-looking formula rates for all of it, but the former Allegheny system, and that’s where we’re making all these investments in ATSI and MAIT right now as I said. I mean, when you think about the investments we’re making over the next three years, more than 50% of them are in formulaic mechanisms that it’s – it’s just execute the work plan, and we’ll execute the growth that we’ve committed to.
Charles Fishman: So in New Jersey, where it’s state-regulated transmission, mostly, and I realize you’re in the middle of the settlement negotiations, but I suspect that they have to give you some kind of formulaic treatment of your investments in New Jersey or else you’ll focus more on your FERC-regulated. Is that correct?
Chuck Jones: I think, we’ll be successful next year in moving JCP&L to a formulaic mechanism, still regulated by the state likely, but that’s the game plan. But the answer is yes. I mean as we think about where we’re going to invest shareholder money, we want to put your money in good investments. Good investments are formulaic mechanisms at transmission, realtime riders and distribution that don’t have regulatory lag, that lead to the improvements that we’re making to also serve customers. And you’ve heard me say this before, good investments are the ones customers are willing to pay for and shareholders are willing to invest in. So all of what we’re doing is also driving improved service for customers. And just take the ATSI part of our Energizing the Future, we reduced transmission outages by almost 40% on the ATSI part of our system. And a single transmission outage can affect – it affects tens of thousands of customers up to maybe 60,000 to 80,000 customers at times. So those improvements are great for customers too.
Charles Fishman: Okay. Thanks a lot, Chuck. That’s all I had.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Byrd: Hi, good morning.
Chuck Jones: Good morning, Stephen.
Stephen Byrd: Most of my questions have been answered. I did want to just directly address that question, Chuck, you mentioned before in terms of just the accounting calculation of ROE versus the real regulatory calculation of earned ROEs. Would you mind just at a high level talking through in Ohio as an example just some of the adjustments that need to be made to get to the proper sort of regulatory calculation of earned ROE?
Chuck Jones: I think it’s way too complicated to get into on an earnings call, Stephen. So, I’d be happy to talk to you offline or have Irene go through it with you. But as I said, in Ohio, our rates are frozen through 2024 and you can imagine all of the different moving parts with DMR, with a DCR rider that’s been in place for now, I think we’re in year seven of that and it goes on through to 2024. The ultimate grid modernization rider. There are unique treatments for some of the lost revenue from energy efficiency improvements we’ve made. It’s just very complicated and we can’t go through the numbers on the call, but those are examples of things that affect how it looks from a GAAP perspective, from how it turns out from a regulatory accounting perspective.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. And then just lastly, you mentioned the Emerging Technologies Group. It sounds like an exciting new area. Is it possible to give an example or two of the kinds of technologies that generically might offer some benefits to customers and system operations?
Chuck Jones: I would say – I’ll give you an example. Not saying it’s going to end up the way we would want it to end up, but one particular example would be electric vehicle charging stations. We’ve had two of our governors, New Jersey and Pennsylvania express their desire to have significantly more electric vehicle penetration in their state. One of the impediments to accomplishing those goals is going to be a robust charging network. Utilities, like ours, and not just ours, are skilled at building infrastructure. They are skilled at planning infrastructure. They are skilled at – an example of that case of building it out in a way that it’s robust, but not duplicative, doing it for a 9.5% to 10% return on equity, which is a very cheap way to finance it. And I think it’s something that if we really want more EV penetration, our states ought to look at having there utilities help them accomplish. Right now, none of our states want us to do that, but that’s an area where I think we’re going to have ongoing conversation with them about the value that we think we can bring to help them with their environmental strategies for their states.
Stephen Byrd: That’s great. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. It appears we have no further questions at this time. Mr. Strah, I would now like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Steve Strah: Well, thank you all for your persistence in staying with us over the long haul. We’re really excited about where we’re at as a company, really excited about the next three years, and then as we get more into this Emerging Technologies area, excited to tell you about it once we know more. So, thank you for your time this morning. Look forward to talking to you again soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Irene Prezelj - VP, IR Charles Jones - President, CEO & Director Steven Strah - SVP & CFO
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Gregory Gordon - Evercore ISI Praful Mehta - Citigroup Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Charles Fishman - Morningstar Inc. Andrew Weisel - Scotia Howard Weil Paul Fremont - Mizuho Securities
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you. Ms. Prezelj, you may begin.
Irene Prezelj: Thanks, Melissa. Welcome to our Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies and prospects. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such statements can be found on the investors section of our website under the earnings information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on the FirstEnergy Investor Relations website along with the presentation, which supports today's discussion. Participants in today's call include Chuck Jones, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Strah, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and several other executives in the room, who are available to participate in the Q&A session. Now I'll turn the call over to Chuck.
Charles Jones: Thank you, Irene, and good morning, everyone. We had a great quarter, and I'm pleased to have this chance to speak with you about our results and our progress on key initiatives. Since our last call in August, we have successfully carried out several of the critical steps necessary to complete our transition to a fully regulated utility. As I'm sure you know, on September 25, the bankruptcy court approved our definitive settlement agreement in the Chapter 11 proceedings of FirstEnergy Solutions, its subsidiaries and FENOC. This very positive development marks perhaps the most important milestone in our exit from competitive generation. While you may occasionally see news about the progress of FES, FENOC and their affiliates, as they work with the bankruptcy court. To be clear, we expect that none of this will impact our ability to execute our regulated strategy. We're also in the final stages of implementing our FE Tomorrow initiative, which will align our cost structure and shared services workforce to efficiently and effectively support our regulated businesses going forward. In total, 960 positions in our shared service organization were impacted by this effort. In addition to the nearly 500 employees, who accepted our voluntary enhanced retirement package, we eliminated nearly 230 open positions, transition some employees into opportunities in our utility business and created a flatter, leaner management structure by reducing layers and increasing spans of control. As part of this streamlining effort, there are nearly 45% fewer leadership positions in our shared services organization, including 46 Director, Executive Director and Vice President positions and 163 supervisory and manager level positions. The majority of these organizational changes went into effect during the third quarter. As part of the FE Tomorrow effort, our teams identified opportunities that will eliminate the $300 million of cost that were associated with our competitive operations. In addition, we expect to fully offset the $30 million of depreciation, associated with common systems shared with FES. We also identified an additional $20 million of O&M and interest, and $35 million in capital reductions for total incremental cash savings of $85 million. The expected savings include reductions in labor costs and less reliance on contractor work and will be reflected in the 2019 earnings guidance, we will provide at EEI next month. The FE Tomorrow initiative has been an outstanding effort by our teams across our corporate functions. In fact, a level of projected operating expenses associated with our shared services organization, benchmark solely within the top quartile of our industry. And we are confident that we have the proper organization and cost structure to support our fully regulated business. Past two years and this year, in particular, have been a period of rapid change in our company. I'm extremely proud of our employees' ability to remain focused on the execution of our objectives. As you saw in the results we posted last night, our regulated businesses continue to perform very well. We reported strong third quarter results and exceeded our guidance, largely due to the hot summer weather that is lingered through the end of September. We will discuss our earnings drivers in more detail, but we were very pleased that in addition to the benefits from the heat, we saw a second consecutive quarter of growth in residential weather adjusted usage. And at the same time, industrial usage was up 2.5% compared to the third quarter of 2017, marking the ninth quarter of growth in that class. On the regulatory front, we continue to execute on our plans. In August, we filed the first base rate case for Potomac Edison in Maryland in nearly 25 years. And this week, we supplemented the filing to update the partially forecasted test year with the full 12 months of actual data. The $19.7 million request addresses recovery of the investments we have made in our Maryland distribution system to ensure continued, safe and reliable service. The request is net of $7.3 million in customer savings related to federal tax reform. The Maryland Public Service Commission provided a procedural schedule that includes evidentiary hearings beginning on January 22, we expect a final order by March 23. In Ohio, our application for our $450 million distribution platform modernization plan is pending at the PUCO. The three year plan would focus on distribution, automation, voltage control and preparing for the grid of the future. Now that the commission's powered forward initiative is complete, we believe the PUCO will be able to focus on the distribution platform, modernization proceeding and grid modernization issues. In New Jersey, our four year $400 million JCP&L Reliability Plus infrastructure investment plan is pending at the BPU. As we discussed last quarter, this plan is designed to enhance the safety, reliability and resiliency of the distribution system for the benefit of our customers in New Jersey. We are hopeful that we will receive a procedural schedule soon to facilitate timely approval by the BPU. Finally, we continue to execute our energizing the future transmission plans across our footprint, and we remain on track to invest $1.1 billion in our system this year. Consistent with our eastward expansion this initiative, this summer, we completed the $51 million East Towanda-South Troy line rebuild project in Bradford County Pennsylvania. This project was as part of our mid-Atlantic interstate transmission subsidiary, involve rebuilding an existing 19.6-mile, 115-kilovolt transmission line using 230-kilovolt construction standards. The rebuild line was designed to allow further construction of the second 230-kilovolts circuit when needed in the future. Also in May, earlier this year, we finished rebuilding a 7.2-mile section of a 115-kilovolt line on an existing right away in Bradford County and South Central Pennsylvania. This will connect to a new 10.6-mile span of line that stretches into neighboring Somerset County. When this $50 million reliability project is complete in 2019, it will connect several substations and address the risk of thermal overloads and low-voltage conditions that could impact service reliability in that region. We've updated our full year 2018 GAAP earnings forecast to $1.68 to $2.60 per share, which reflects that deconsolidation and court-approved bankruptcy settlement with FES and FENOC and an estimate for the annual pension and OPEB mark-to-market adjustments. With our strong performance and the impact of favorable weather through the first nine months of the year, we're raising and nearing our full year 2018 operating earnings guidance range to $2.50 to $2.60 per share from the previous range of $2.25 to $2.55 per share. We're also reaffirming our longer-term operating earnings growth projection of 6% to 8% through 2021. Now Steve will provide a review of our strong third quarter results and our financial developments.
Steven Strah: Thanks, Chuck, and good morning, everyone. It's great to speak with you today. Our results are very straightforward for this quarter. So this will be a quick discussion with plenty of time for your questions. Starting with our GAAP results, yesterday, we reported a third quarter GAAP loss of $1.02 per share. This is due to a pretax charge of $1.2 billion, representing the expected obligations under our current agreement with FES and FENOC bankruptcy cases. And with the court's approval of that settlement, we moved the Pleasants Plant to discontinued operations to reflect its upcoming transfer to FES and excluded the plant from operating earnings starting in the third quarter. Before I move on to the discussion of operating earnings drivers, I'll remind you that we continue presenting operating earnings and projections on a fully diluted basis. This allows us to show preferred shares as fully converted and it eliminates the impact of conversion timing. For your reference about 56% of preferred shares had been converted as of September 30. In accordance with the terms of the equity issuance, we expect the majority of the remaining preferred shares to be converted by the end of July, 2019. As always, we provide reconciliations and detailed information about the quarter and our consolidated report to the investment community, which is posted on our website. Our third quarter operating earnings of $0.80 per share surpassed the top end of our guidance with weather driving the bulk of the $0.17 per share increase compared to the third quarter of 2017. Results in our distribution business benefited by higher deliveries along with lower expenses, lower financing cost and higher regulated commodity margin. These factors more than offset related - cost related to increased vegetation management work in Pennsylvania, higher depreciation expense and general taxes. Total distribution deliveries across all customer segments increased 6.3% compared to the third quarter of 2017. This was largely due to cooling degree days that were 28% higher than last year and 29% above normal. Sales to residential customers increased 12.9%, while commercial deliveries were up 2.7%. On a weather adjusted basis, deliveries to commercial customers were down 0.7% compared to last year. The decrease primarily reflects the continued impact of energy efficiency measures in that sector. However, as Chuck said we continue to see positive developments in our residential customer class where third quarter weather adjusted sales increased 1.7%. This is the second consecutive quarter where we have seen a meaningful uptick in weather-adjusted residential load. Paired with the continued modest increases in our residential customer count, we are cautiously optimistic that these promising metrics will form a trend. In the industrial sector, total deliveries increased 2.5% compared to the third quarter of 2017 for nine straight quarters of improvement over the prior year period. The increase in demand primarily came from our customers in the shale gas and steel industries, but we also saw higher usage of hospitals and universities, which was weather-related. Moving on to our transmission business, third quarter earnings increased $0.02 per share compared to last year. This reflects the higher rate base that are made in ATSI subsidiaries as well as higher revenues at JCP&L. And then our customer segment, our results reflected higher operating expenses and the impact of lower federal tax rate compared to the same period in 2017. Finally, I want to give you a quick update on our liquidity facilities. As a fully regulated company with stable, predictable earnings and cash flow, we have a much improved risk profile that comes with lower liquidity requirements. On October 19, we reduced aggregate commitments under our revolving credit facilities to $3.5 billion from $5 billion and extended their maturity dates to December 2022. We also entered into two new term loans totaling $1.75 billion to refinance our revolver borrowings. These credit facility changes reduced interest expense in connection with our FE Tomorrow initiative. We had an excellent quarter with strong financial result. We also achieved very important milestones in our corporate transformation, including an upgrade to investment grade by S&P. We remain focused on execution, and we are committed to positioning FirstEnergy for stable, predictable and customer service oriented growth to benefit our shareholders, customers and employees. Thank you for your time and your interest in FirstEnergy. Now let's take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So maybe to just follow up here, what are the ramifications of the cost savings here? Is potential additional latitude from a balance sheet perspective? Can you talk about how you're thinking through the additional FFO to debt latitude? What kind of metrics you want to be targeting? And ultimately given perhaps the litany of opportunities, you already described on the call, where you're trending within your own Capex budget? And if you would see yourself being in a position to increase that Capex budget, whether because of the additional FFO to debt latitude or simply because you wanted to pursue external financing to raise external funds to finance some of the additional CapEx?
Charles Jones: All right. So that's like five questions in one there Julien, but I will try to take them all on. So first, FE Tomorrow, the obvious first objective was to deal with the $300 million of shared services cost, which has been supporting the competitive business throughout basically the history of our company. In a way, where none of that become a drag on our ability to execute our regulated plan, we accomplished that. Second was to deal with the $30 million of depreciation associated with common systems that we shared with FES, we accomplished that. On top of that, then $20 million of O&M and interest and $35 million of capital, that isn't going to be substantial in terms of moving our credit metrics. It will be down in the third decimal place. So it's not going to make a big difference. Where we're targeting is 12% to 13%, which keeps us above the Moody's 12% guideline, in the S&P 9% guideline, and we expect to be there for the foreseeable future. And did I get them all?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Well, what about just the pursuing external financing? I know a few months ago, you all committed to perhaps staying away from the capital markets and living within your means if you will with respect to hitting your CapEx. But obviously, there's a lot of different opportunities than many continue to materialize here. Is there any chance that you all are looking at or would contemplate raising your CapEx budget to reflect some of these beyond the ranges that you've already articulated?
Charles Jones: Okay. So first of all, we've said, we don't contemplate any new equities through 2021, and we'll evaluate it at that point. Between now and then, we'll invest $7.5 billion in infrastructure at FirstEnergy. And at some point, equity might be unnecessary component, but not through 2021. As far as that CapEx planned today, I do not see increasing it. The plan we have generates 6% to 8% per year combined growth for our company. I don't see any reason to take it above that, and I think that's an appropriate number for FirstEnergy at this time.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And if I can clarify quickly. Just with respect to the cost savings identified, '19 run rate or how do you think about that flowing into '20 onwards, right? As you think about the various pieces there, annualized and year-over-year if you will, it's more of a timing question.
Charles Jones: We'll see it in '19 and beyond.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: The full year '19, to be clear?
Charles Jones: Yes.
Steven Strah: And Julien, this is Steve Strah. And I would also just say, those savings are in support and blended in within our 6% to 8% growth rate.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. But there's not an annual - annualizing factor such that perhaps that's a more of a '20 figure than a '19 figure or to the extent which that you - okay, great. I will....
Steven Strah: No.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: Could you give a little more color on what you're seeing in terms of the local economy and the weather normalized sales and how looks for next year to right now?
Charles Jones: Well, the good news is, we are seeing some positive developments when we adjust out the warm weather that we had this summer. 1.7% growth in the residential segment is probably the most positive. We did add 35,000 new residential customers between the third quarter of 2017 and today. So that's contributing to the growth in the past as we were adding customers. We were seeing that kind of eroded by energy efficiency and fuel switching to natural gas and other things. But I think 35,000 new customers and 1.7% growth, and it's the second quarter in a row where we've seen some growth is a good thing. 2.5% growth in the industrial sector, that's now, as I said in my opening remarks, nine quarters where we've seen growth in that sectors. So I think what we're seeing is some of the growth in the natural - national economy is starting to move into the FirstEnergy footprint.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then just any thoughts on the Ohio tax reform order earlier this week, and that seems to get flexibility in addressing, any thoughts on it?
Charles Jones: Yes. I'll give you my thoughts. Obviously, tax reform is an issue we've been dealing with across the board. We're done in Pennsylvania. We're done in West Virginia. We're done in New Jersey. We'll be done in Maryland with the resolve of the rate case there. In transmission, the formula rates adjust automatically. We filed a case for the AYE stated rates to make the appropriate adjustments there as FERC requested. That only leaves Ohio left to deal with, and we have frozen rates for several more years in Ohio. But despite that, I expect, we'll be able to sit down and work with the Public Utilities Commission on some type of a settlement that makes sense for them for us and all the interested parties.
Steven Fleishman: Great. And then just lastly, I might miss this at the beginning, just at the upcoming Addison conference, the - what if any equipment or disclosures are you providing?
Charles Jones: Anything on the plate right now is 2019 guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd: I wanted to step back and talk about changes to the generation mix in Ohio. I guess, you have a number of moving pieces, you have numerous potential shutdowns as well as, I guess, there's a possibility of legislation that it could increase the amount of renewables in Ohio. So I'm thinking about this from an opportunity set in terms of both additional changes to the grid overtime that would be needed. If there is a number of shutdowns, possibility of a FirstEnergy directly investing in renewables, if the target renewables amount goes up. Just generally, it's a longer term, but I'd like to see some of your thinking around what that might require in terms of incremental spending, incremental changes to the grid or involvement of the renewables, anything else on Ohio that you might comment on?
Charles Jones: Right now, in Ohio, FirstEnergy is a fully regulated transmission and distribution company. We have no generation, regulated or competitive any longer, and we're focused on what it - the needs of customers are from a T&D perspective. Should there be additional closures in Ohio, there's a process within PJM to review those closures and identify any changes in the transmission networking capability to handle those. Those would be dealt with through the ARTEP process and of course we would make those changes on our transmission system as necessary. At this point in time, under Ohio law, regulatory utilities aren't allowed to invest in generations. So I'm not spending any time worrying about generation in Ohio at this point in time. We're worried about the T&D infrastructure and serving our customers the right way there.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. And then just switching over to your cost cutting and making great progress there. I was curious as part of that cost-cutting effort, did you do any kind of a benchmarking, your cost structure relative to neighboring or peer utilities just in terms of how your cost structure looks? And just curious if there's any commentary could provide on pro forma, what your cost structure looks like relative to peers?
Charles Jones: Yes. We did, and we used Accenture to help us with this process, Steven. And they brought a number of benchmarks to the table to assist us, including benchmarkings of cost at a high level with our peers. But also things like, layers of management between me and the people doing the work in the corporate office, spans of control for our leadership in the corporate office. That's what drove the entire reduction. As I said in my opening remarks, now that it's all done, our corporate structure cost are in the top quartile within our industry.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. And Chuck, just at the utility level, are there any of your units that are noticeably high in terms of the cost, whether it be just because of lack of scale or any other drivers? Just - I appreciated at the current level you've got in your cost down pretty massively. Just curious if sort of any of the subsidiary stand out as having a cost structure that's quite a bit higher than peers?
Charles Jones: No. In fact, there - it's just the opposite. Our utility cost structure is generally benchmarked in the top quartile and top decile for both capital and O&M, even at our current CapEx levels.
Operator: Our next question comes the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold: Could I just in terms of the EEI question. If not the EEI, when would be reasonable for us to expect you to think about rolling forward your current outlook, but if I'm not wrong goes through 2021?
Charles Jones: I don't think you'll see anything at EEI this year that goes beyond 2021.
Jonathan Arnold: And is that something you think, Chuck, you would do sort of with your year-end call or more sort of later in the year next year. This is going to....
Charles Jones: I think it'll be sometime later in 2019.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And if I can, what are you particularly waiting to see before adding another year to the outlook let's say?
Charles Jones: Well, there's a number of things we're waiting to see. First of all, we've got a lot of things to focus on now that we're fully regulated. I want to see whether two months make a trend in terms of load growth in our territory or not. I think, that could be a big factor. And beyond that I just think given four years out, what I like to do is give you plans that I know that we have nailed down, and we can execute on. And four years out is a little bit outside of the planning window that I think has proven for us to go to.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And then just on transmission, do you - any comments on the recent FERC order, I realize you have rates that have settled. As you look at the sort of potential shift to the new model. Can you just give us some context of how do you think that would set versus where you're earnings are?
Charles Jones: Well, here's how I look at it. Our formula rate - rates of return are fairly new right now. The MAIT 1 was just set recently. I think, that bodes well for those rates going forward. I think, longer term, if there's much done to change FERC ROEs, it's going to compress them with the state ROEs, and it's going to work against what FERC is trying to do to stimulate transmission investment because it's going to shift money not just in our case but probably in many other cases, down towards this recent system and away from transmission. So I think that is going to kind of be a control rod in the process. But even if they decide to move forward, here's how I think about it. 0.5% change in the ROE is about a $15 million impact on the FirstEnergy's earnings. That is not significant, and it's something we can make up within the rest of our plan and not something that will take us off track from a 6% to 8% growth rate in any way.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Gregory Gordon: I think maybe we should all just email our questions to Julien and just actually ask them all. Sorry, Julien, couldn't help myself, talk to you later. So just to rebase go back and rebase the conversation around earnings. If I recall correctly, your 6% to 8% growth target is based off of a 2017, you know, $2.15 number. Is that - am I remembering correctly?
Charles Jones: The 2018 fully diluted number ex DMR.
Gregory Gordon: Right. It's a 2018 number?
Charles Jones: Yes.
Gregory Gordon: Okay, just wanted to make sure I had - that's right, 2018 number. So if I look at that then where within the guidance - that 6% to 8% guidance range or maybe you don't want to comment on this. Would you sort of feel like you were trending now that you've got the CapEx plan sort of solidified, there're cost cutting in the books, FES exiting. And if these types of load growth numbers were to be consistent, would you be confident in your ability to be sort of at the midpoint or towards the upper end of that range at this point? Or are you - is it too early for you to discuss that?
Charles Jones: So number one, I'm not going to give 2019 guidance until EEI. So that number, you'll hear in a few weeks. And beyond that, we give a 6% to 8% range. We expect to be within that range, and we don't guide right now to the bottom or the top of that range. So I think you're going to assume that we should be somewhere within that range. And a lot of factors can affect that. As I said earlier, if two months of residential growth becomes a trend that will drive more to the top end of that range. If something happens with FERC ROEs that might move us a little bit down. There's going to be puts and takes throughout that. But I'm confident and we've reaffirmed that, that 6% to 8% growth range over the next three years is something you can count on.
Gregory Gordon: Great. And you guys just paid the dividend at the same rate that you paid it since it was cut several years back.
Charles Jones: Yes.
Gregory Gordon: Can you give us some guidance as to when you think it's appropriate to go to the board to recommend a policy that's more comparable to your peers both in terms of payout ratio and growth?
Charles Jones: Yes. So we've been a fully regulated company now for all of about a month since the filing was approved.
Gregory Gordon: So what's keeping you?
Charles Jones: So I've said all along, if we expect to be treated in the market like our regulated peers at some point in time, we're going to need to have a dividend policy. In the immediate future what's keeping me is, our yield on our dividend is nothing to be ashamed of. It's in the 3.8% to 4% range depending on where the stock price is moving. We began discussions internally with the leadership team to see what we might recommend to the board, and I think just be patient, it will come, and I know we need to do it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Praful Mehta with Citigroup.
Praful Mehta: So just maybe following up on the earnings side, thinking about the DMR and the extension to the DMR. How do you see that positioned, and if that doesn't come through in terms of an extension, what kind of EPS drop-off do you see with DMR going away?
Charles Jones: So all of our earnings projections that we've given you exclude DMR. So there would be no drop-off whatsoever regardless. If we expect to file a case for extension of the DMR early next year, or hopeful that the commission will roll on it by the end of next year, and we'll have the answer about what happens with those last two years at that point in time. But it can only be positive, it cannot be negative.
Praful Mehta: Yes, I know, fair enough. And that's I guess where I was going which is, If you do get it, let's put it the other way then what is the upside that you see for the DMR going forward?
Charles Jones: Well, if you can calculate what two years of it will be worth. I wouldn't see us taking that money and doing anything with it, that would take us off track long term that we can't continue. That's why we've taken it out of the numbers that we're sharing with you now.
Praful Mehta: Got you. Fair enough. And I guess moving on to the credit side and the total debt. I was looking at Slide 31, which had your balance sheet debt and the whole core debt has gone up to about $7 billion. Just wanted to understand, is there a target of like what whole core debt you would like to have as you go through this restructuring process. I noted there was a term loan that was taken as well. So just wanted to get a little more context on the whole core debt and where do you see that going as a percentage of total debt as well.
Charles Jones: No higher than the $7 billion that it's at right now.
Praful Mehta: Got you. And is there any target in terms of what proportion it'll be of total debt going forward? Or will that only reduce as your rest of the balance sheet, I guess, grows with the growth of the utility side?
Steven Strah: Praful, this is Steve. So right now, holding company debt as a percentage of total debt will be around 35% to 40%. Over time, we expect it to go down to about 30%.
Praful Mehta: Got you. And just to clarify. On Slide 31, it says it does not include the term loans that you have recently taken. Is that not included with the $7 billion or is it within the $7 billion?
Steven Strah: So basically, our holding company debt over time will average to be about $7 billion. So it's going to be a little give-and-take, so it does include the term loans.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: I'll ask for them in orders. First of all, going back to Slide 4 on the FE Tomorrow, the $300 million of costs associated with competitive ops. Who does that actually accrued to? Meaning, does that come back and benefit FE, the new FE, the regulated FE? Does that benefit kind of FES on the way out and prep for emergence? I'm just trying to make sure I understand what's happening there, and whether that's capital O&M or something else?
Charles Jones: It doesn't benefit anybody, Michael. It is the actual shared services costs that we've incurred in the past to support the FES and FENOC part of our company that have been traditionally shared with them through our shared services allocations. If we did not deal with it, it would have been a drag on our ability to execute our regulated strategy. So the goal was as FES ultimately says, we don't want these shared services anymore. We needed to make them go away. So it's basically a dollar-for-dollar elimination of the costs that were previously built to FES, so that there's no drag on our ability to move forward.
Michael Lapides: Got it. A follow-up on related question. Chuck, you talked a little bit about the yield where your stock trades, and we recognize that maybe on a valuation perspective it trades a little bit differently than some of the other kind of pure-play regulated utilities. Are there strategic thoughts you and the board are having or discussions of whether there are other changes to the corporate structure that maybe possible? Meaning, you've got a great transmission company, if you think the market doesn't value the transmission assets correctly. Are there ways to monetize parts of that or to highlight or accentuate the value of that to the market? How are you guys thinking about the kind of the value inherent within FE and the FE business family?
Charles Jones: Well, how I think about it as it's much more valuable than a lot of you think it is. Based on a 6% to 8% growth rate and a dividend on top of that. But having said that, as I said, we're about one month into now being finally a fully regulated company. And me as the CEO, being able to focus on a fully regulated company, probably 2/3 of my focus over the first four years in this job has been on the competitive business, and what we were going to do about it, and how we were going to exit it, and the entire exit process. Now I'm able to focus on the fully regulated side of our company. A company with 6% to 8% growth isn't something that I think we want to - that we need to necessarily do anything with at this point in time. Strategically, to restructure our company, I think it's perfectly structured. We have regulated distribution utilities across five states. We've got now three investment regimes in transmission that are under formula rates, down the road, if it makes sense for the Allegheny transmission system, we move to a formula rate, we'll look at that. But it's all going to be driven about how do we maximize investment for customers and subsequent growth for shareholders out of what we have.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar Research.
Charles Fishman: I just had a quick housekeeping thing. When you initiated the 6% to 8% of the $2.15 base, you talked about shares growing to 545 million in '21. Now you're talking fully diluted 538 million in no equity. Should we just assume we're 538 million flat through 2021 for our modeling?
Steven Strah: This is Steve Strah. No, we have a DRIP program that we issue shares under each year. So it's about $75 million to $100 million of equity value. So you can do your calculation based on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Howard Scotia Weil.
Andrew Weisel: One of the topics you have been drilled into pretty deeply. So I just have a couple - more details I wanted to dig into. First, on O&Ms, just a quick one on timing, given the favorable weather this summer, were you able to accelerate some O&Ms from 2019 into 2018 that might support the guidance?
Charles Jones: No. There was none of that and in fact, because of some reliability issues, we spent a little extra O&M in one operating company, Penelec than what the original budget has. But when you get nine months into a year and you start trying to move money around within a budget, it takes people and contractors to execute what we do in this regulated business. It's a very complex maneuver. And I just want to keep the team focus on executing the plans that we have in front of them. So there was none of that done.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Fair enough. Then two questions on Capex. First of all, how would you describe the conversations with regulators, interveners around the IIP New Jersey and the DPM and potential extension of DMR in Ohio?
Charles Jones: So IIP in New Jersey, we're having discussions with both the staff and interveners. We're waiting on commission to issue a procedural schedule. I think, those discussions will go on throughout the first part of next year and will be able to give you a little more guidance on where it stands. I think, in general, the reaction to the IIP has been favorable in New Jersey. And obviously, the commission used it favorably or they never put in place. So I think that one bodes well, but it will get clarity early into next year. On the DMP, as I said, the commission in Ohio spent a lot of time on their PowerForward initiative this year now that, that's done I think they're going to have time to focus on our filing, and we're hopeful that we can get that to a conclusion. So - and on the DMR, we'll make our filing in early next year and will see where that goes. Obviously, we expect to make a case for why the last two years should be continued, but we haven't built any of that into our 6% to 8% growth.
Andrew Weisel: Okay.[indiscernible] and then if I heard you correctly [indiscernible] plan. My understanding is that [indiscernible] that anything would be incremental. So if they are approved, should we think about that?
Charles Jones: Ask the question again, your voice was garbled and maybe you get closer to your phone.
Andrew Weisel: Sorry, apologies. If I heard you correctly you said that the current Capex spend does not really have upside potential [indiscernible].
Charles Jones: I think you should think of the current CapEx plan as the CapEx plan for the next three years, and if we decide to make any changes to it beyond that, we'll let you know then. But I think you can count on it being what it is for the next three years.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont with Mizuho.
Paul Fremont: Just a quick point of clarification I guess on PowerForward. Do they need to make determinations under that proceeding that seems to kick off in early December before they're able to actually act on your request, which looks like it would be sort of covered under the general topic that they're looking at?
Charles Jones: No. They're free to act on our request at any time.
Paul Fremont: Okay. And so you would expect then that yours will move forward independently from that proceeding? How - when would you expect the scheduling work?
Charles Jones: Paul, as I said, I think commission now has time to focus on it. We're having active discussions with the staff on it. I can't give you a date as when I expect an order, but I'm optimistic that we can get something done on it in the not-too-distant future.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have come to the end of our time allowed for questions. I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Jones for any final comments.
Charles Jones: Okay. Well, I'd like to thank you all for your support of FirstEnergy. We look forward to seeing you at the EEI in a few weeks. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Irene Prezelj - VP, IR Charles Jones - President, CEO & Director Steven Strah - SVP & CFO James Pearson - EVP, Finance Jason Lisowski - VP, Controller and CAO
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Chris Turnure - JPMorgan Andrew Weisel - Scotia Howard Weil Charles Fishman - Morningstar Research Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Praful Mehta - Citigroup Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you, Ms. Prezelj. You may begin.
Irene Prezelj: Thanks, Sherry. Welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Today, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, and prospects. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the Earnings Information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on the FirstEnergy Investor Relations website along with a presentation which supports today’s discussion. Participants in today’s call include Chuck Jones, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Strah, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and several other executives in the room who are available to participate in the Q&A session. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Chuck.
Charles Jones: Thanks, Irene, and welcome, everyone. Hot weather and strong operational performance across our company led to great second quarter results. Our earnings exceeded the guidance we provided to the investment community and I remain very proud of our FirstEnergy team’s record of consistently meeting or exceeding the estimates we have provided to you over the last three-and-a-half years. We’re entering the second half of the year with tremendous momentum on our customer focused regulated growth strategy. Looking at the balance of the year, we are currently tracking near the upper end of our 2018 operating earnings guidance range of $2.25 to $2.55 per share and we are pleased to affirm that range today. For the third quarter, we are introducing an operating earnings guidance range of $0.65 to $0.75 per share. We’re also affirming our long-term operating earnings growth projection of 6% to 8% through 2021. This includes the impact of the amended settlement agreement and the FES bankruptcy case to include the FES and unsecured creditors committee. This final comprehensive settlement defines and quantifies all of FirstEnergy’s obligations with respect to FES and FENOC and as a milestone development as we move forward as a fully regulated company. I will touch on the significant updates to the April agreement and principle. You can find more details on these items along with other non-economic terms in the appendix of the Quarterly Highlights Presentation that is published on our website. First, we will provide a credit for nine months of the 2018 shared services cost on behalf of FES above to $112.5 million. In addition, we have agreed to extend the right for FES to purchase shared services from the end of this year to June 30, 2020. Second, we have increased the cash payment by $88 million. And third, we have agreed to cover certain FES the employee benefit related cost with an expected value of $18 million including a voluntary enhanced retirement program if offered by FES. In terms of timing, we expect FES to file the agreement with the bankruptcy court by the end of August for approval in September. Reaching the settlement only four short months after the bankruptcy filing is a tremendous accomplishment and it represents an outstanding effort by a restructuring working group and everyone else involved. In addition, by completing this effort squarely in mid-2018, we are fulfilling the commitment we made to you when we announced our timing to exit competitive markets. With the resolution of this milestone step in the bankruptcy process for FirstEnergy, we look forward to entering 2019 with our focus on the continued successful implementation of our regulated growth strategies. Let’s switch gears and discuss our second quarter results and other developments. In our distribution business, weather was the dominant driver but it wasn’t the only positive development. In our Residential segment, we saw growth in both customer count and weather adjusted usage in the second quarter and we are hopeful these results signal an improving economy in our service territory. We also continue to see growing demand from our industrial customers, with their electric usage increasing by 2% marking the eight consecutive quarter of growth in that customer class. Turning to regulatory activity. In New Jersey, severe coastal weather systems and Nor'Easters are a difficult reality for our JCP&L customers as well as our utility infrastructure. Recently our JCP&L team conducted a detailed analysis of the distribution system and assess lessons learned from restorations efforts following severe weather events. From that analysis, we developed JCP&L Reliability Plus an infrastructure investment plan that is designed to improve customer service by reducing that frequency and duration of power outages for our New Jersey customers, particularly those related to severe weather. This four year, $400 million plan was filed with the BTU last month. These targeting incremental investments include nearly 4,000 enhancements to help the reliability and resiliency of JCP&L’s overhead and underground distribution lines. New equipment to minimize outages and additional tree work to reduce the impact of storms. We requested BTU approval by the end of the year. In Maryland, later this month, we plan to file the first base rig case for Potomac Edison in nearly 25 years. The request will address the impact of federal tax reform on customer rates as well as recovery of investments made in our Maryland distribution system to ensure continued safe and reliable service. In Ohio, our application for a $450 million distribution platform modernization fan is pending at the PUCO. As we have discussed, the three year plan seeks approval to redesign and modernize portions of our distribution system which will help our Ohio utilities restore power faster, strengthen the system against adverse weather conditions, and enhance system performance by allowing remote monitoring of real-time grid conditions. In our transmission business, in May, FERC approved our settlement agreement establishing a forward-looking formula rate for MAIT, with an implementation date for new rates of July 1. Our customer-focused Energizing the Future program is driving significant improvements in the performance of our transmission infrastructure. Since 2014, we have completed between 600 and 700 transmission projects per year. These have been focused on upgrading or replacing aging infrastructure, building a smarter, more secure transmission system and adding operational flexibility, so grid operators can quickly adjust to changing conditions in the grid. We have replaced or rebuilt more than 1200 miles of transmission miles across our service territory and we have a rigorous process in place to continue identifying projects that can reduce transmission outages and enhance reliability for our customers. In four years since we’ve launched this program, these efforts have resulted in a 37% reduction in transmission equipment related outages in our ATSI zone, which services our Ohio Edison, Cleveland Electric Illuminating, and Toledo Edison utilities in Ohio, as well as Penn Power customers in Western Pennsylvania. We remain on track to invest more than $1.1 billion dollars this year on transmission upgrades, growing to $1.2 billion dollars per year from 2019 through 2021. As we continue expanding the program eastward, we fully expect to achieve similar results in our MAIT region, which encompasses our Met-Ed and Penelec service areas in Pennsylvania. In addition to our strong progress in these regulated growth strategies, we are making headway in our efforts to align our cost structure and workforce for the future, through our FE Tomorrow initiative. In June, we offered voluntary severance and early retirement packages to approximately 600 employees, predominately in our Shared Services organization, which in-groups such as IT, communications, finance, and legal. The offers were accepted by nearly 500 individuals. These employees will begin departing this month, with most retiring by the end of the year. In addition, in July we extended the retirement package to eligible members of our executive team, with Jim Pearson & Leila L. Vespoli both accepting their offers. Leila will retire on April 1, 2019 and Jim will retire no later than that date. I’d like to personally thank Jim, Leila, and all the other employees who are retiring from our company for the many valuable contributions they’ve made over their careers. These departures roll into our FE Tomorrow initiative where we continue our work to identify the optimal organization and properly align our corporate costs and systems to support our efficient, regulated growth company going forward. While we don’t have any financial projections related to FE Tomorrow to share with you yet, we expect that the initiative will offset the nearly $30 million related to depreciation for common systems shared with FES, which we previously disclosed in our guidance. We expect to be in a position to provide more details on these activities during our third quarter call. But a great first half of the year, and we are committed to executing the plan we’ve already laid out. Now I’ll turn it over to Steve for a review of the quarter and other financial developments.
Steven Strah: Thanks, Chuck, and good morning, everyone. Last night we reported very strong second quarter results. Our GAAP earnings were $0.28 per share and our operating earnings were $0.62 per share. This succeeded the top end of our second quarter guidance. As a reminder, to provide you with a comparative view of our performance, we continue to present all of our operating results and projections on a fully-diluted basis in light of the January equity issuance. This allows us to show all of the preferred shares as fully converted and excludes the impact of conversion timing. While it does not impact our presentation, I’ll note that preferred shareholders did begin to convert these shares in July. You can find reconciliations and other detailed information about our results in the second quarter consolidated report to the financial community, which is posted on our website. Before we move into operating earnings drivers, I’d like to point out a couple additional special items. First our GAAP results include costs associated with the redemption of long-term debt at Allegheny Energy Supply and Allegheny Generating Company. You’ll recall that we used the proceeds from the sale of the Bath hydroelectric plant, which closed during the quarter, and the earlier sale of gas-fired plants to redeem this debt. And second, GAAP earnings results include a $0.17 per share benefit related to two regulatory actions. The first of those actions, FERC approved a settlement that reallocated previously incurred costs of certain transmission projects across utilities in PJM which will result in a refund to our Ohio utilities. This benefited our second-quarter GAAP earnings by 10%. The second action. In the wake of the Ohio Supreme Court’s decision regarding costs incurred to secure renewable energy credits in Ohio, we recognized a $0.07 per share benefit from the reversal of a reserve recorded in 2013. I’ll note that the accrued carrying charges on the balance were also reserved -- reversed but were not included as a special item because that expense was always part of our operating earnings. This appears as a $0.03 per share benefit to operating earnings in our Distribution business and was not part of our original guidance. Now moving on to other key operating earnings drivers in our Distribution business. Earnings benefited by $0.09 per share from stronger distribution revenues associated with higher weather-related usage, increased industrial load, and a true-up of previous deferrals resulting from rate orders that were issued in the second quarter of 2018. Cool temperatures in April followed by hot weather in May and June resulted in a 4% increase in total distribution deliveries compared to last year’s mild second quarter. Sales to residential customers increased 8.6% while commercial deliveries increased 1.6%. Heating degree days were 33% higher than the second quarter of 2017 and 5% above normal while cooling degree days were 22% higher than 2017 and 30% above normal. On a weather-adjusted basis commercial sales were down 1.4% but residential sales were up 1.4%. As Chuck said, we saw growth in both residential customer count and weather-adjusted average usage. We are cautious about reading too much into the short-term improvements but nonetheless we’re encouraged by these results. Another bright spot is the industrial sector where deliveries increased 2%. We have now recorded eight consecutive quarters of sales growth with a one year growth rate of 2.3%. In our Transmission business earnings continued to benefit from our Energizing the Future investment program including a higher rate base at our MAIT and ATSI subsidiaries and higher revenues at JCP&L. And in our Corporate segment, second quarter results reflects slightly higher interest and operating expense. This was offset by increased commodity margin at the Pleasants Power Station driven by higher wholesale prices due to hot weather this quarter. We continue to expect the earnings contribution from Pleasants to be insignificant for the year. I’d also like to share this brief update on where we stand with regard to passing tax reform savings onto customers. As you know, on January 1, we began deferring the full amount into each jurisdiction as a net regulatory liability as we work through the regulatory process. In our utilities, we delivered customer savings in New Jersey on April 1 and in Pennsylvania on July 1. In Maryland, we plan to address tax reform in the upcoming rig case filing. In Ohio, we delivered customer savings related to various writers and we continue to work with regulators in both Ohio and West Virginia to determine next steps regarding the balance of tax reform. In our Transmission business at ATSI, TrAIL, and MAIT, rates will automatically be lowered in connection with the normal formula rate process. And for the Allegheny transmission assets, we filed a proposed 6.7% reduction to stated transmission rates during the second quarter which is pending before FERC. We’ll need to keep you updated on our progress. So clearly, we’re very pleased with our financial performance and operating performance during the quarter for the first half of the year. We’re making excellent progress on our commitments to the investment community and the implementation of our regulated strategies. And we’re positioning our company for stable, predictable and customer service oriented growth to benefit our shareholders, customers and employees. So I do want to make a correction. The special item related to the FERC settlement helped our GAAP earnings by $0.10 per share. I misspoke when I said 10%. My apologies. Thank you for your time. And now let’s take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Good morning. Congratulations on the quarter and on the settlement.
Charles Jones: Thanks, Greg.
Greg Gordon: You reiterated your short and long-term earnings guidance notwithstanding the increase in the agreed-upon remediation to the debtors and the creditors at FES. You know is it that there’s some offsetting aspects of better performance in your core business that eat through that potential incremental cash out flow? Or is it just simply that it’s bounded by the range that you’ve already articulated?
Charles Jones: I would say it’s just simply bounded by the range that we already had articulated, Greg.
Greg Gordon: Okay. Thanks. My second question is a bit off the beaten path, but I think pretty important. You’re going to be cleaned up sort of across the Rubicon [ph] here on separating from FES later this year. The dividend was cut from $2.20 a share to $1.44 a share several years ago. It’s been unchanged since then. The payout ratio I’m looking at on your earnings growth aspirations would seem to indicate there was some opportunity for consideration of resuming some type of dividend growth. At what point will you bring to the Board for their consideration a change in the dividend policy?
Charles Jones: I think as we get this separation done, I will be having conversations with the Board. But I think it’s too early to go there. But clearly I think if we’re going to be expected to be valued as a fully regulated company, we’re going to have to have a dividend policy that matches what other fully regulated companies do in the very near future.
Greg Gordon: Okay. So not right away, but at some point in the near future?
Charles Jones: So that would get this FES fully behind us, which we – this was a huge milestone, and it gives us the ability to now quantify what the fully regulated company looks like going forward. And that puts me in a position to have more meaningful discussions with the Board than we were able to have up until now.
Greg Gordon: Thank you, Chuck. Didn’t mean to put the cart before the horse, but just getting a little excited on you resolving all this stuff. Take care.
Charles Jones: We’re excited too.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Stephen Byrd: Hi. Good morning.
Charles Jones: Hey, Stephen.
Stephen Byrd: I just wanted to touch on you FE Tomorrow update, very positive update. Again, maybe this falls on the cart before the horse category too but you mentioned in your remarks that you expect the initiative would offset the $30 million in depreciation for common systems. As you look at the scope of possibilities around continued cost cuts, is that the general ballpark level we should be thinking about or is there a series of initiatives that could significantly exceed that $30 million?
Charles Jones: Here’s what I’d say. We started planning for this exit over a year ago with that feed tomorrow. We had a lot of that groundwork done in advance. We’ve obviously implemented this voluntary early retirement program to facilitate that. We’re working through re-designing our entire corporate structure to fit what we need to be a regulated utility business going forward. That’s a work in progress. It’s going to result in savings but we’re not ready to communicate what that total amount means and how it’s going to look going forward. Internally, there are lots of people involved and we’re taking into account the feelings and emotions and everything else that goes into what we’re putting this corporate structure through right now. At the appropriate time, we’ll tell you what the financial impacts are.
Stephen Byrd: Totally understood. And then at a high level just thinking about your financing plan, you’ve laid out some incremental CapEx opportunity so I just wanted to level set and check in again in terms of just making sure I understand how you would approach financing incremental CapEx needs to the extent that you do get approval?
Steven Strah: Steve, this is Steve Strah. So from a financing plan perspective, we would use internally generated cash flow as well as debt issued at the utility. So we have no incremental equity needs through our planning period through 2021.
Stephen Byrd: Great. That’s all I had. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Turnure with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Chris Turnure: I appreciate the details on the tax reform process especially in the appendix that you provided today but I was hoping you could give us a little bit more color on the process in Ohio right now where you stand on the tax benefits outside of the writers and if you’re deferring them currently and what the next steps are.
Steven Strah: This is Steve. Thanks for the question. We continue to work with regulators and staff in Ohio. We are currently deferring the full impact of the number of tax savings dollars there beyond the writers that we’ve already trued-up. So we’re working with them just as other utilities are working with them through the process. And once again, we’re following the lead of regulators also in West Virginia, as an example, where we have filed as asked and we’ll work through the process with them.
Chris Turnure: And is the process in Ohio going kind of as you expected it to go at this point?
Steven Strah: I think we’re within the expectation level that we had. It’s a two-way dialogue. It’s very clear that we’ve returned roughly $40 million through the writer process for the DMR and DCR writers. The remainder is to be worked out.
Chris Turnure: Great. And then separately for the distribution business this quarter, I think you were clear that you guys did include a $0.03 benefit from the Ohio decision and adjusted EPS. But were there any other items that were nonrecurring or unusual in nature and adjusted EPS for the distribution business. And then I was also hoping you could quantify weather versus normal and a normalized load growth impact on an EPS basis as well.
Steven Strah: There were no other onetime adjustments to the quarterly earnings. The weather impact was about $0.03 compared to last year.
Chris Turnure: And did you guys have that on a versus normal basis as well?
Steven Strah: The total weather adjusted experience that we had is roughly 1% above normal when you look at it on a year-to-date basis.
Chris Turnure: Okay. But for the quarter specifically, we don’t have the EPS impact of weather versus normal or normalized load growth versus normal?
James Pearson: Yeah, Chris. This is Jim. We were about $0.03 to $0.04 higher associated with weather during the quarter.
Steven Strah: This is Steve again. As I said in my open remarks, we had a cool April, but we had a very warm May and June that got us to that $0.03 number.
Chris Turnure: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Claire Huang with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning. I’m slipping in for Julien here.
James Pearson: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning. Congratulations on the great update. I just had two quick questions, not necessarily on FES here. The first is in terms of ROEs in Ohio. So they’re trending upwards. Just wanted to confirm any details about the seat test and your thoughts there.
James Pearson: So, as of this point in time, we have not even triggered the first threshold under the seat test. So, I think all is good with regard to ROEs in Ohio for the moment.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Got it. I know this is a little forward-looking, three is a change in the commission potentially with the election, just want to get your thoughts on the seat test going forward, if there’s anything you can say now or this is much more far away of a topic.
James Pearson: That is way forward-looking and I don’t know that there’s, I think probably there are some commissioner spots that are coming due next year but we have no idea who the governor is going to be at this point. It’s too premature to even think about that.
Steven Strah: With regard to the seat test, the seat test is statutory, so that is not something the commission is allowed to just ignore.
Unidentified Analyst: That’s fair. Okay. And then my second question is just, I noticed you didn’t have any commentary on the nuclear assets. I know that since you guys are totally out of FES now, that it’s not really related to your ongoing business, but just curious if you have any thoughts on support for those nuclear assets and your thoughts there.
James Pearson: So, any thoughts around the future of those assets are now questions to be posed to FES. I would say that from my perspective, I continue to feel that that the market policies in our countries have severe flaws, that closing perfectly good nuclear plants in the long run is not going to be a good thing for our country. In the long run, it’s not going to be a good thing for the six million customers that I’m paid to look out for. Because I think you know having a diverse mix of generation provides the most secure future for those customers from both a physical security, grid resiliency, and an economic stability perspective. So, to the extent my voice matters in this process, I’m going to continue to be a loud advocate for it. I do believe that the Department of Energy is still very seriously looking at this issue and we’re hopeful that they intend, that they will eventually step forward and do something to stabilize it.
Unidentified Analyst: I appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Weisel with Scotia Howard Weil. Please proceed.
Andrew Weisel: Thanks. Good morning everyone and congratulations to Jim and Leila. I want to quickly first follow up on the comment about no incremental equities through 2021. Was that meant to indicate that your internal cash flow and small inclement to leverage would be a limiting factor on CapEx? So, in other words if you were successful, it would be the approvals for the Ohio DPM, the New Jersey IIP, potentially some transmission projects. Would you not spend if you needed equity or would you raise equity if those opportunities came up?
Steven Strah: This is Steve again. Our forecast, with or without, those capital programs, we would generate enough internally generated cash flow and be able to fund the difference in debt issued at our regulated companies.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. Thanks for the clarifying. Next one, given the strong start to the year so far and little bit of help from weather, do you see any opportunity to maybe accelerate from O&M from P19 into 2018. Is that part of why you didn’t raise guidance for the full year?
James Pearson: No, we didn’t raise guidance for the full year because we’re halfway through the year and a cold August and a warm December would result in reversing everything that we’ve seen. So, I think I’ve said before I’m not going to take credit for good weather but I’m also not going to plan on it either. So, you know, we are on track with our plan as we laid it out for 2018 with basically the only difference being the Supreme Court ruling and the weather in this quarter.
Andrew Weisel: Understood. And lastly, just to clarify, given the progress made with FES and the settlements, should we think of the restricting working group as basically done at this point or is there anything more that they’d be working on that we can be looking for to updates on?
James Pearson: I would say you can think of it as basically done, but not done. We still have work to get definitive agreements in place and get the courts to approve it. But I’m not planning to use the restructuring working group to advise me on anything but the bankruptcy.
Andrew Weisel: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Charles Fishman with Morningstar Research. Please proceed.
Charles Fishman: Good morning, Chuck. A couple years ago, when you first started your appeal about the importance of the three nuclear plants, you know notwithstanding the grid reliability, and resiliency issues. One of the arguments you made was that the closure of those facilities would require material investment in the transmission system. You now moved the upper end of your transmission guidance for 2019 through 2021. I think the guidance was just the unlocking the future slides this year, does that, have you started including anything in there or are you going to wait until we get closer to the retirement dates that FES has set or could that go higher I guess is my question.
Charles Jones: I'll go first. I’ve talked generically about the costs that are imposed on the transmission system when existing power plants close. Generally that’s not around the nuclear plants though. The nuclear plants are very heavily networked as a result of the need to ensure multiple sources of off-site power for reactor coolant. So the nuclear plants themselves don’t generate a lot transmission costs. I’ve spoken about the costs we did incur when we closed the Lake plants and as well as costs that have occurred throughout the markets as other power plants have closed. But inside our plan we include all of the RTEP projects that PJM identifies for our footprint. And those go up and down each year but they are included within our plan. So I wouldn’t anticipate any significant change from the $1.2 billion that we talked about over the next four years after this year.
Charles Fishman: Okay. Thank you. That’s all I had.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Steve Fleishman: Yeah. Good morning. So just the shared services agreement with FES that you – they have a right to extend, is that something where it’s pretty much done at your cost so you don’t have to worry about – it’s not an issue for FE if it’s extended?
Charles Jones: That is correct. Our financial ties to FES will end this year so that we can focus being a fully-regulated company starting in 2019. Any shared services that they may want after that they will pay for at the appropriate costs.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Great. And then just the Potomac Edison, what kind of returns – and I might have missed an answer in this but what kind of returns has that subsidiary been earning?
Leila Vespoli: So that subsidiary, this is Leila, has been earning returns in the 5.6% range and so obviously rate case we are seeking to put that in a proper place, which is also the reason we are hoping to take care of the tax issue associated with that because we’ve been underearning for a substantial period of time.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Praful Mehta with Citi Research. Please proceed.
Praful Mehta: Thanks so much. Hi, guys.
Chuck Jones: Hi.
Praful Mehta: So well congrats on further movement on the FES settlement. As that movement happens and as you clean up the purely regulated story, just want to understand from a strategic perspective how you’re thinking about your story. Do you feel like you have the right size? Is there any need to increase or decrease operations? Just as I look at your portfolio today, your I guess portfolio post-FES, anything from a strategic direction perspective that we should be thinking about?
Chuck Jones: From a strategic direction we’re committing to 6% to 8% growth over the next four-year period and beyond that, there’s nothing that I would comment on. I would just say any inquiries we would take seriously and look at and we’re going to always do what’s right for our shareholders but strategic plays for growth in this industry today are very complex especially if you take a company like ours where we have five regulatory jurisdictions so that would imply six or more likely regulatory jurisdictions. They’re just very complex and right now I think we’re just focused what we’ve said. We’ve had 6 million customers across five states, 10 distribution utilities, three transcos [ph] and now we’re looking at how we deliver the value that our shareholders had been asking for from us starting in 2019 and then well into the future.
Praful Mehta: Fair enough. That’s good color but as you look at any opportunities that do come your way, how should we think about the criteria apart from obviously getting the right premium, the right returns for shareholders? Are there anything else that we should be thinking about as you kind of evaluate these opportunities?
Chuck Jones: I have no comment, Praful.
Praful Mehta: All right. Fair enough. I at least tried. I guess one more specific question on the economic lease of Pleasants. As a part of this restructured settlement, just wanted to get a little bit more color for this economic lease by FES or Pleasants beginning no later than January 2019. Can you just provide a little bit more color on that?
Chuck Jones: It fulfills what I’ve said earlier that starting in 2019 any financial exposure to the commodity markets is gone and the financial lease for Pleasants will move all of that to the FES creditors.
Praful Mehta: Got you. Fair enough. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Chuck, just curious. How are you thinking about where you are in the transmission investment cycle? Meaning the $1.1 billion, $1.2 billion range. Do you kind of view that as kind of a long-run normalized run rate? Or do you think – and if you don’t mind – maybe touch on the specific geographies. Is there an uptick coming in one of the geographies, a downtick coming in others? You talked a little bit about this over the years but just kind of curious trying to get your multiyear view on where transmission been hedged.
Chuck Jones: For the next two years, it’s going to be $1.2 billion. It was $1.1 billion this year and $1.2 billion for the next four years. We are moving it around our system. That’s the clear benefit that we have of having a five-state territory with almost 25,000 miles of transmission. We can move it around. I’ve talked about the benefits already at 37% reduction and equipment related outages on our ATSI system. That’s a direct result of the investments we’ve been making. We’re now moving more into the make [ph] part of our system and I’m sure down the road we’ll look at the Allegheny transmission that is in currently still instated rates and see if it makes sense to move to a forward-looking transco [ph] for those. But I think for now, for the next four years, it’s going to be $1.2 billion. We’re doing 600 to 700 projects a year and we have to be cognizant of the execution risks. And as I’ve talked before, there’s not an unlimited workforce out there in our country today for transmission line and substation projects given that a lot of our other peers are focusing on this area too.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And one quick follow-up. If you think about the next three to five years and what may be on your long-term regulatory wishlist, meaning is there a state in your various service territories where you think there’s opportunities to upgrade or improve the regulatory mechanisms that would A, potentially increase investment in that state, distribution, whatever, and B, help reduce to the lag that impacts your company?
Chuck Jones: Well I don’t have anything specific to talk about but clearly we have a good track record of working our regulators to come up with different mechanisms other than traditional rate-based type of rate making. So whether those are writers or formulas or trackers in Pennsylvania. We have that as IIP in New Jersey as a helpful addition to how we do business there. We’ve had the DCR in Ohio. And so anything that is [indiscernible] to investors so that you understand when we’re making investments what the returns are for you. That is constructive for customers. And obviously if we can reduce flag [ph] all of those are goals that we would like to achieve.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Chuck. Much appreciated.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from -- we do not have another question, I’m sorry.
Charles Jones: Okay. Well, thank you, all. As I said earlier, this settlement is a big milestone in our evolution to be in a fully regulated company. We thank you for support and I look forward to seeing you all in between now and the third quarter call and then talking to you again at the third quarter. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Meghan Beringer - Director, Investor Relations Charles E. Jones - President, CEO & Director Steven E. Strah - SVP & CFO James F. Pearson - EVP, Finance Jason J. Lisowski - VP, Controller and CAO
Analysts: Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC Julien Dumoulin-Smith - BofA Merrill Lynch Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG Gregory Gordon - Evercore ISI Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Praful Mehta - Citigroup Inc. Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Charles Fishman - Morningstar Inc. Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities, LLC Angieszka Storozynski - Macquarie Research
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Meghan Beringer, Director, Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you, Ms. Beringer. You may begin.
Meghan Beringer: Thank you, Brenda, and good morning. Welcome to FirstEnergy's first quarter earnings call. Today, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies and prospects. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such statements can be found on the Investors section of our Web site under the Earnings Information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on the FirstEnergy Investor Relations Web site along with a presentation which supports today's discussion. Participants in today's call include Chuck Jones, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Strah, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and several other executives in the room who are available to participate in the question-and-answer session. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Chuck Jones.
Charles E. Jones: Thanks, Megan. Good morning, everyone. Today, for the first time we are reporting earnings that represent FirstEnergy as a fully regulated company. We had a strong first quarter with GAAP earnings of $2.55 per share and operating earnings of $0.67 per share. Our GAAP earnings benefited from a $1.2 billion gain associated with the deconsolidation of FirstEnergy solutions, all of its subsidiaries and FirstEnergy nuclear operating company. As you know, the FES and FENOC Boards of Directors approved a Chapter 11 filing for these entities on March 31st. The filings do not include FirstEnergy or our distribution, transmission, regulated generation, or Allegheny Energy Supply subsidiaries. We recognize that these recent events, including FES's announcement that it intends to sell or deactivate two nuclear power plants in Ohio and one in Pennsylvania during the next three years have been challenging for our employees. They are also difficult for the community surrounding these plants that have worked hard to help preserve jobs and the many economic benefits that these generating units provide. We understand the importance of these plants to the regional economy and recognize that more than $5 million of our utility customers are still exposed to the uncertainty of competitive markets. Therefore, I will continue personally to advocate for regulatory or legislative solutions, including FES' application for an emergency order under the Federal Power Act that recognize the attributes of fuel secure baseload generation and to ensure our customers continue to have a stable, reliable power supply. I continue to believe we are doing long-term damage to our nation's infrastructure, and I intend to be a steady voice in pushing for more integrated policies and decision-making. Today we're extremely pleased to announce that we have reached an agreement in principle with two ad hoc groups of key FES creditors. The first representing a majority of all outstanding secured and unsecured funded debt at FES and its subsidiaries, and the second including a majority of Bruce Mansfield certificate holders. The agreement affirms previously announced guarantees and assurances of certain FES employee related obligations, which include unfunded pension and other employee benefits and provides for the waiver of certain intercompany claims held by FirstEnergy. Among them the $500 million secured credit facility, $200 million surety support and the rail settlement guarantee. It also provides substantial assistance from FirstEnergy on key business matters, while FES and FENOC continue their restructuring process. In addition, other major terms effective at emergence include: full release of all claims against FirstEnergy and related parties; a $225 million cash payment from FirstEnergy which includes a reversal of the $88 million NOL prefiling purchase; a tax note from FirstEnergy up to $628 million due December 31, 2022 bearing interest at the prevailing treasury rate which represents the estimated value of the worthless stock deduction and is designed to trade at the par value of the note when issued; the transfer of the Pleasants Power Station, which is currently owned by Allegheny Energy Supply to FES for the benefit of creditors; and a right of FirstEnergy to share in recoveries after an agreed-upon threshold is met. The agreement is subject to approval by the Boards of Directors of FirstEnergy, FES and its subsidiaries, FENOC, and Allegheny Energy Supply, the execution of definitive agreements and the approval of the Bankruptcy Court and certain other conditions. The ad hoc group also agreed to use its best efforts to have the official committee of the unsecured creditors, as well as any remaining key creditors join the settlement by June 15th. This agreement is a significant step towards FES ultimately emerging from bankruptcy and would settle a key issue in the FES bankruptcy process, so that the creditors may focus their efforts on a restructuring plan. 2018 operating earnings guidance and the long-term growth rate we introduced in February includes the guarantees and assurances that we previously disclosed, as well as other assumptions that fully capture the elements of this agreement. So we are affirming our 2018 operating earnings guidance of $2.25 to $2.55 per share, as well as our long-term operating earnings growth projection of 68% through 2020 [ph]. I’d also like to be very clear on this next point. We continue to have no plans for additional equity beyond the annual $100 million in investment and employee benefit plans through 2021. In addition, we expect this agreement in principle to be credit positive. We are also introducing a second quarter earnings -- operating earnings guidance range of $0.47 to $0.57 per share. Let's turn now to our business going forward as a fully regulated utility. In our transmission business, we continue to implement our Energizing the Future investment program. More than 600 projects either underway or in the pipeline for 2018. We are on track to invest $1.1 billion in our transmission system this year consistent with the capital plans we announced in February. One of these is a $45 million transmission project in McKean County, Pennsylvania that will help maintain service reliability following the retirement of generating plants in the region. The project includes a new 230,000 volt transmission line that extends about 15 miles between existing substations in Bradford and Keating townships, as well as new equipment to help reduce the frequency and duration of power outages. This project, which began late last year, is expected to be completed by mid-May ahead of June 1, 2018 in service deadline. Another project nearing completion is a new 28 mile 138,000 volt transmission project in Erie and Sandusky counties in Ohio that is needed to maintain service reliability during periods of peak demand. We expect to energize the new line in late May. FERC approved our settlement agreement for JCP&L's transmission rates in February. New rates were effective January 1 and are retroactive to June 1, 2017. This agreement also offers JCP&L the opportunity to file for forward-looking formula rates to be effective in 2020. The MAIT settlement filed in October remains spending at FERC and we expect the ruling in the second quarter of 2018. In our distribution business, the first quarter weather adjusted load results closely matched our expectations, as Steve will discuss in more detail. During March, a series of Nor'easters brought high winds and heavy wet snow that caused extensive damage to the eastern portion of our system. Collectively these storms resulted in outages for millions of people in the Northeast. A total of 1.2 million FirstEnergy utility customers experienced outages as a result of these three storm events with our JCP&L and Met-Ed service territories hardest hit. In New Jersey alone, we replaced nearly 51 miles of wire, more than 750 poles and cleared trees at more than 5,400 locations during the restoration effort for the first two storms. Restoration for those storms involve more than 6,200 line workers, hazard responders and assessors, forestry crews, job dispatchers and electrical contractors. We know being without power is difficult for our customers and we're proud of the efforts by our employees, contractors, and outside utility crews to efficiently and safely make repairs in challenging conditions. We're working with Utility Commissions in both New Jersey and Pennsylvania to review our preparation and response to the outages. While we're confident that we met our commitments, we work with the Commissions to identify and implement any additional best practices that can help enhance the experience of our customers in these situations. In total, our utilities spend more than $355 million on restoration efforts during the first quarter, including $250 million in New Jersey and $80 million in Pennsylvania. Approximately $230 million of the total was O&M with all, but $10 million being deferred for future recovery. In Ohio, our application for a $450 million Distribution Platform Modernization plan remains pending at the PUCO. The request of the Commission's approval for this 3-year plan to redesign and modernize portions of our distribution system, which will help our Ohio utilities restore power faster, strengthen the system against adverse weather conditions, and enhance system performance by allowing remote monitoring of real-time grid conditions. Elsewhere, our plans include a filing midyear for our JCP&L customers under the New Jersey's Infrastructure Investment program and we anticipate a rate case filing in Maryland during the second half of the year. Now I will turn it over to Steve, who joins us for the first time in his new role as Chief Financial Officer for a review of the first quarter and other financial developments.
Steven E. Strah: Good morning, everyone. It’s my pleasure to join you today. Before we discuss first quarter results, I have a couple of housekeeping items to discuss with regard to our presentation of earnings. First, substantially all of the operations that previously comprised our Competitive Energy Services segment are now presented as discontinued operations in our other -- in our corporate and other segment for both 2018 and 2017, and are excluded from our operating earnings as a special item. This resulted from the deconsolidation of FES and FENOC, the completed sale of AE Supply's gas plants and the pending asset purchase agreements for the sale of Bath County Hydroelectric and Bay Shore plants. The remaining competitive business activities which were primarily related to AE Supply's Pleasants plan are included in the corporate and other for reporting purposes. As we will discuss later, there was some impact from Pleasants in our first quarter earnings, but we expect its results to be flat for the year. Second, as we mentioned in February, all of our operating results and projections are being presented on a fully diluted basis. This includes showing the equity issued in January as fully converted or approximately 538 million shares, and excluding the impacts of preferred dividends. We believe this is the best way to provide you with a comparative view of our performance. Reconciliations for items along with other detailed information about the quarter are available in our consolidated report to the financial community, which is posted on our Web site. As Chuck mentioned, our first quarter GAAP earnings of $2.55 per share included a $1.2 billion gain from the deconsolidation of FES, its subsidiaries and FENAC. These results compared to a first quarter 2017 GAAP earnings of $0.46 per share. On an operating earnings basis, first quarter earnings were $0.67 per share compared to $0.52 in the first quarter of 2017 on a fully diluted basis and reflecting only the continuing operations of our regulated distribution, regulated transmission, and corporate other segments. In the Distribution segment, operating results increased $0.15 per share primarily as the result of colder weather this year as compared to 2017, the impact of new rates that went into effect in Pennsylvania in late 2017 -- I'm sorry, in late January of 2017, as well as the Ohio DCR. Heating-degree-days were normal for the first quarter, but 17% higher than the same period of 2017. This drove a 5% increase in total distribution deliveries compared with the first quarter of 2017, including an 8% increase in residential sector and a 3% increase in commercial sales. On a weather adjusted basis, first quarter residential deliveries were down less than 1%, while commercial deliveries were slightly up. Looking at industrial sales, the positive trend continued for the first quarter with growth of nearly 3% compared to that of last year, driven by the shale gas and steel sectors. This marks the 7th consecutive quarterly increase in industrial sales. In the Transmission business, first quarter operating earnings increased as a result of the higher rate base in MAIT and ATSI due to our continued investment in the Energizing the Future program, as well as higher revenues at JCP&L from the FERC settlement that Chuck mentioned earlier. At our Corporate and Other segment, first quarter results reflect the higher interest expense and the lower tax shield. This was partially offset by higher commodity margin at Pleasants, primarily due to higher wholesale prices in the first quarter of 2018, but as I mentioned earlier, we're expecting its earnings contribution to be neutral for the year as compared to 2017. I will also note that we continue to expect our consolidated effective tax rate to be about 27% -- I’m sorry, 28% for the year. Finally, we continue to receive questions about our approach to passing tax reform savings to customers, so I'll take a moment to discuss this process. Let me reiterate that for our guidance for 2018 does not include any benefit of taxes. On January 1, we began deferring these amounts as a regulatory liability until we work through the regulatory process in each of our jurisdictions. This is a complex issue that will be addressed uniquely in each regulatory jurisdiction. We have already implemented the tax change for the DMR and DCR in Ohio where we filed proactively to lower the rate to reflect the impact of tax reform saving customers nearly $40 million. Our Ohio utilities also filed comments that base rate distribution rates are not impacted by the Tax Act changes, because they’re frozen through May of 2024. In Pennsylvania, we estimate that the combined net annual effect of the tax rate will be about $116 million across our four utilities. Our companies filed comments presenting arguments that single issue rate-making was not appropriate and provided support for implementing a reconcilable rider to be in effect 90 days of the final commission order. The PUC issued an order making all rates, including rider rates temporary as of March 15, 2018 for six months potentially the earliest date that the PUC would go back for tax savings. JCP&L reduced rates by $28.6 million on April 1, 2018 to reflect the tax rate change. These interim rates are subject to final BPU review and the BPU is expected to make a decision regarding treatment of excess deferred taxes going forward by July 1. JCP&L is seeking authority to continue to defer regulatory liability the impact of tax reform during the BPU proceeding until the next base rate case. In West Virginia, Mon Power and Potomac Edison will file testimony by May 30, proposing the treatment of tax reform related savings. And in Maryland, while the estimated Tax Act impact would be approximately $7 million to $8 million annually for customers, Potomac Edison will file a base rate case in the third quarter of 2018 where the benefits of tax reform will be realized by customers through a lower rate increase than would be otherwise have been necessary. On the transmission side, FERC issued a show cause order directing Mon Power, West Penn, and Potomac Edison and 45 others utilities on stated rates to propose revisions to those rates effective March 21, 2018 to reflect the changes in the federal corporate tax rate. JCP&L was not included on the list of stated rate transmission utilities required to file likely because the settlement at JCP&L's recent transmission rate case already took into account and addressed many tax impacts. ATSI, MAIT, TrAILCo, and PATH with adjust rates as part of the normal annual true-up process. We will continue to work with the regulatory commissions in each of our jurisdictions to determine the appropriate approach for our customers. Thank you for your time. Now let's take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fleishman: Hi. Good morning.
Charles E. Jones: Hey, Steve.
Steven Fleishman: Hi. So just a couple questions on the -- with respect to the agreement, could you give us a sense of -- I think you said majority of creditors, just any more specifics of percent of creditor support and any kind of known opposition that we should anticipate?
Charles E. Jones: Well, I can't give you specifics on the percentages of total creditors. I can tell you this, 100% of the creditors that were in these ad hoc groups have signed on to both agreements. And so there was no opposition within the ad hoc groups and they’ve as I said in my remarks, committed to work with us to get all the other signatories on by June 15.
Steven Fleishman: Okay, great. And then on the -- just on the overall -- I know you mentioned your overall plan is still the same in terms of earnings per share growth and equity. Maybe just a little more color on kind of how your credit metrics look and you said the credit agencies should be positive, any more color on their reaction to this?
Charles E. Jones: Well, we will let them speak for themselves, Steve. But I would tell you this. We’ve reviewed the settlement with both of them, which led to my comments about my belief that it will be credit positive. The metrics themselves are going to evolve as we move through this process. I think that we expect to be well within the guidelines of both -- all of the major rating agencies.
Steven Fleishman: Okay, great. Congratulations.
Charles E. Jones: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith. Please go ahead with your -- with Bank Of America. Please go ahead with your questions.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi, good morning. Congratulations.
Charles E. Jones: Thanks, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes. So, perhaps to follow-up on Steve's question a little bit more precisely, can you comment a little bit on the credit positive nature of this with respect to where exactly pro forma for the settlement, your FFO to debt ends up through the forecast period and how you see this changing versus your prior expectations? It would seem that largely the tax note and the 225 here would be the two key items to watch in terms of the evolution, but let me know your thoughts?
James F. Pearson: Hey Julien, this is Jim. Let me jump in here. When we get out into our planning period post emergence, we see our credit metrics being solidly in the 12% to 13% range, which is well above S&P and the Moody's threshold. So we feel very good about that. On the second point, yes, you're right, we have the $225 million plus the $628 million tax note that we talked about, but that was well within the parameters of our planning period. As you see, the tax note $628 million, that's not due until December 31, 2022, which is essentially financing, which will be at the risk free treasury rate that’s prevailing at the time of emergence, so that will have what I would say a minimal impact on our FFO. So, all in all, it is well within the guidelines of what our plan was and we feel still very confident that we're going to be within that range.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. And then just with respect to Ohio, New Jersey, you alluded to upcoming infrastructure filings et cetera. How do you feel about being within the range or the distribution CapEx range you talked about earlier, and if you were to get these filings where would that put you, just to kind of make sure we're in the same zip code?
James F. Pearson: If we would get what’s in Ohio and New Jersey, I would suggest that that would probably put us in the upper end.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. Thank you both.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold: Good morning, guys.
Charles E. Jones: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: Hi. Just a quick one first, this date of June 15, is there any particular significance to that as part of the bankruptcy process or is that just a date that you're targeting?
Charles E. Jones: No, it's just a target date. There is no significancy, but clearly this agreement in principle is a major step forward, and hopefully we can get the rest of the creditors onto it also.
Jonathan Arnold: But does the agreement hold if you don’t achieve that by June 15?
Charles E. Jones: Yes.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. So there's no particular time frame whereby you would have to resolve to keep this agreement intact or is there …?
Charles E. Jones: No.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And then just separately on that, I wanted to revisit the tax slide, you are saying you haven't included anything in guidance for -- as a benefit from tax reform. Am I right in what you then said that you do have the benefit of the lower tax rate in Ohio where you have the rate freeze, but you consider that to be part of the freeze and therefore it’s not a benefit per se, so you aren't deferring that piece or I just want to make sure I understand that right.
James F. Pearson: Jonathan, we’re deferring everything at this point. So we’re also deferring that in Ohio, and as Steve and Chuck have mentioned earlier, we're not going to make any adjustments to those deferrals until we have what I would say final authorization from all the Commissions.
Jonathan Arnold: So guidance and first quarter earnings then also -- both of those defer the Ohio piece as well as everything else?
James F. Pearson: That's correct.
Charles E. Jones: That’s correct.
Jonathan Arnold: Great. Thanks for clarifying that.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Gregory Gordon: Thanks. Good morning.
Charles E. Jones: Hi, Greg.
Gregory Gordon: So just a couple of follow-ups, pretty thorough questions so far. The $810 million in pension and postretirement and other costs, that number as of your most recent update was closer to $1 billion. I just want to make sure that that’s lower as a function in part of the pension funding exercise you guys did with the -- part of the equity raise earlier this year or are there other aspects of that change that are not associated with that?
James F. Pearson: You know, Greg, I think we’ve always been pretty consistent that the pension and other post employment benefits would be in about [ph] the $800 million range and that that's made up of the pension executive deferred comp, banked vacation as well as a little bit of our long-term incentive program. I think probably -- we also incorporated some guarantees in there, which was about a $140 million, so that gets you right to your $1 billion range.
Gregory Gordon: Okay, my bad. Sorry about that. Second question, as I look at the terms of this deal, new money to the FES creditors is about $225 million, you got the tax note, you’re transferring Pleasants. So other than the opportunity for you guys to participate in the value of the bonds, if they agree ultimately to more than $0.60 on the dollar, this is sort of definitively a clean break with FES with you having some optionality if they get recovery above $0.60, is that a fair summary?
Charles E. Jones: I think that’s a very fair summary. I think you got it figured out.
Gregory Gordon: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson: Hi, how are you doing?
Charles E. Jones: Good, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Greg sort of asked my question. I guess, just to make sure, so after the emergence of bankruptcy, do you expect any ongoing support in terms of employee benefits or anything else to be going to -- for FirstEnergy Corp. to be providing any assistance or cash payments to the generation company?
Charles E. Jones: No. What’s -- the entire arrangement will be done through this settlement process with the creditors and that will be it. We deconsolidated the books on the filing of FES, and we don't intend to provide anymore support to that part of the business, other than we've agreed to provide some shared services support through the restructuring process, some governmental affairs support through the restructuring process. Those all will be reimbursed by FES.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Praful Mehta: Thanks so much. Hi guys. Just wanted to clarify on earnings, the 6% to 8% earnings growth, that’s still off of the earnings excluding the DMR, so the -- like 2018, 2.15, is that right?
Charles E. Jones: Correct.
Praful Mehta: Got you. And then secondly, in terms of parent debt. I saw that the parent debt came down a little bit, I think $6.6 billion versus $7 billion, $7.2 billion last release. Just wanted to check is there anything specific that happen at the parent level in terms of deleveraging?
James F. Pearson: No, there isn't, Praful. I know that the parent level when we issued the equity, we took out some of the term notes, but that should've been the extent of it. Our short-term debt probably went up in the range of above $1 billion, may be a little more than that, that’s associated with the $500 million pension contribution we made. Also the revolving credit facility was drawn down by $500 million because FES drew that down and then we had about $300 and some million of storm cost. But I would say that’s what the primary changes are in any type of our consolidated parent debt is.
Praful Mehta: Got you. Thanks. And that level is expected to remain at this level or is there any plan in the near-term to kind of pay it down or borrow further as needed?
James F. Pearson: I would say over the planning period that’s going to stay about in that range.
Praful Mehta: Great. Thanks, guys.
James F. Pearson: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Stephen Byrd: Hi. Good morning.
James F. Pearson: Good morning.
Stephen Byrd: I wanted to just touch based on current level of costs and just as you think about -- I know you’ve been working on cutting costs, but is there any further potential as we think about your cost structure at the parents or otherwise, just what should we be thinking about in terms of initiatives or potential further cuts there?
James F. Pearson: Well, Stephen, I think the way to think about it we started the process of what we call FE Tomorrow about a year-ago. We have been already over the last year implementing changes to the parent in anticipation of this restructuring process. We are going to -- we are not going to disclose dollar for dollar what we're doing here and there. I don't think that that's in our best interest to try to do that. I can just tell this, we're committed to resizing our corporate center to match the operations that we're going to have in a manner that that makes sense that we can give full recovery of those cost as we move forward as a regulated business.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. And, Chuck, just at a high level, you’re generally encouraged by sort of the progress that you’ve been making in terms of that cost-cutting efforts?
Charles E. Jones: Yes, I'm very encouraged. And I think we set some targets that I'm confident we are going to meet and I’m also confident we’re going to exceed those targets. You'll see the impact on it as we deliver on the growth rates that we projected.
Stephen Byrd: That's great. And then shifting gears just on the tax note, the $628 million, I know that’s basically sized to equal the cash tax benefit that you're going to realize. But I guess is it fair to say, I guess, your view is you would realize those benefits before the note is due in payables. In other words you will benefit from that cash flow and then ultimately you will need to pay that note off. But it's really designed to think up ultimately, but I would guess maybe some of that cash might come to FE before the maturity of the note, is that fair or how should we think about that?
Charles E. Jones: Yes, Stephen, that’s correct. We could receive those funds prior to that. And the note also allows us to pay that off early without any penalty if we so decided.
Stephen Byrd: Okay, perfect. And then just lastly, just on one element of the agreement in principle, I think there's a provision where FirstEnergy could share in recoveries. I was thinking about to the extent that there is federal support for baseload generation with those kinds of support payments be something that potentially FE could be sharing in or that be excluded?
Charles E. Jones: I would say that that’s potentially something we could share in, but I just wanted to be really clear. We're highly motivated to get support for those generating assets because it would be a mistake for our country for them to close. The communities and employees are -- have the biggest concern there. As of a couple weeks ago, we have no remaining commercial interest in these generating facilities other than potentially what you just referred to in the settlement with creditors. I’m going to keep fighting for support for those plants, because it's the right thing to do. If it gets to the point where it exceeds the threshold that we’ve got in this agreement with creditors, then, yes, we would share some of that, but that's not why we’re doing it.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. That’s all I have. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your questions.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Congrats on today's announcement. I know it's been little bit of a long road, but you made a lot of progress, so kudos. One question about the new -- a follow-up on the nuclear plants though. Does this mean that the creditor group if the plants actually retire as announced, then FE Corp. doesn't maintain any of the liability associated with the retirement cost, meaning the decommissioning cost, the dry cask storage and that that would all fall to the new owners of the plants?
Charles E. Jones: That's correct.
Michael Lapides: Okay. I appreciate that. One other thing, just looking -- and this is on the distribution business and this is more of a housekeeping item. It look like O&M was up a good bit year-over-year. I don't know if I’m misreading that or is that all stuff that just gets passed through in revenues one for one as well? Just wanted to see and maybe check that.
Jason J. Lisowski: Hey, Michael. This is Jason Lisowski, Chief Accounting Officer. Actually the O&M cost is actually a benefit year-over-year. There was about $0.05 benefit and a lot of that is through the pension OPEB cost being reduced, because of the higher asset return and the contribution made back in January.
Michael Lapides: Got it. I may have misread that, I will follow-up with you guys offline. Once again, congratulations guys.
Charles E. Jones: It's nice to get a distribution question.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Charles Fishman: Yes. Chuck, not being the expert in bankruptcy that you have reluctantly become, Exhibit A in the term sheet that was filed in the 8-K this morning. I just want to make sure my reading of that is correct. All that does is memorialize the Mansfield leaseholders as unsecured creditors of FES to the tune of, what $787 million, no obligation there to FE, correct?
Charles E. Jones: Correct.
Charles Fishman: That's the only question I have. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim. Please go ahead with your questions. Shar, your line is live. Please check if you’re muted.
Shahriar Pourreza: Sorry about that. Good morning, guys.
Charles E. Jones: Hi, Shar.
Shahriar Pourreza: Just let me ask you -- most of my questions were answered, but on the tax note, there was -- in one of the terms of the draft, there was some language of the tax note can be somewhat mitigated if there is a sale or partial sale of the fossil or nuclear assets. Does that sort of potentially also relate, is there a process in place whether the decommissioning activities could be up for sale and how does that sort of work with the tax note?
James F. Pearson: What that means from that tax note is if they were to, say, sell the plant or deactivate that and FE pays them through the intercompany tax sharing agreement and in turn our work with stock deduction is reduced, that's really what that's intended to mitigate.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay, got it. So it's not related to potential sale of the decommissioning activities as you shut the plants down?
James F. Pearson: No.
Shahriar Pourreza: Is there a process in place to sell the decommissioning activities?
Charles E. Jones: You would have to talk to the creditors and FES about that one.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay, great. And then, Chuck, let me ask you a distribution question. So as you sort of think about tax reform and I know some of the stuff has been deferred, but as you sort of think about like the accumulated deferred income tax balance that you guys have, have you guys sort of thought about or have you broken out how much of that is sort of protected versus unprotected? And as you sort of think about the unprotected portion, is there an opportunity sort of credit that back sooner than later and potentially look at higher rate base opportunities?
James F. Pearson: I would be lying to you if I said I was an expert in that field, which I’m not. I know we had a question on that before the unprotected piece is relatively insignificant at this point, so we haven't focused much attention on that at this point.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay, great. Congrats, guys. My questions were answered. Thanks.
James F. Pearson: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski with Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead with your questions.
Angieszka Storozynski: Thank you. So I have a question on this 6% to 8% EPS CAGR, so that was issued before. You knew how much money you will need to really settle with FES creditors, so now we’ve a sense. So can you give me an idea if there's any potential offset to those incremental costs associated with the settlement? And hence I’m roughly in the same place within that range and if not what is basically driving the difference between the 6% to 8% in that range? Thank you.
Charles E. Jones: So, Angie, when we gave you that 6% to 8% in February, we're already in the middle of discussions with creditors and built into that our assumptions about what the cost to reach an agreement might be. So it's already included in the 6% to 8% and there's no need to adjust for it at this time.
Angieszka Storozynski: So the delta -- so the 6% to 8% is just purely a function of O&M attrition fees and CapEx or maybe low growth as well?
Charles E. Jones: There's no delta to the 6% to 8%.
Angieszka Storozynski: No, no, I understand. What I’m trying to say is what could gave me an 8% EPS CAGR versus a 6% EPS CAGR? What’s the biggest driver here?
Charles E. Jones: More investments such as the distribution platform, modernization in Ohio or the infrastructure investment in New Jersey. More investment would be what would drive us towards the top end.
Angieszka Storozynski: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Actually, Chuck, I’m going to make your day, I’m going to ask you more questions about the distribution business. Can we go to the appendix please, the slide I think it's 23 where you talk a little bit about Pennsylvania and the slide before that when you talk about Ohio. In Pennsylvania, you've got two utilities that are earning healthy ROEs into utilities that look like they’re under earning. What’s the trajectory and plan to fix the ones that are under earning?
James F. Pearson: Yes, I would say from our standpoint, Michael, what we always do is we look at what our projected capital investments are going to be as well as what load growth or degradation will be and then we'll sit back and make a decision whether we should go in for a filing. You’re right, we’ve got a couple of utilities that have a slightly higher ROEs that doesn’t allow us to have the DISC recovery at this point in time. But there is some additional expenditures that are starting to flow through there, that’s going to bring them back down within the -- I think below the 9.5% range or whatever to that. But I would say we universally look at all of our distribution companies, what our plan spend is, what our expected revenues and returns are, and then we make a decision on whether we should go in for a rate proceeding and I think you can see that magnified in what we’re going to do in Maryland. We're planning on making a filing at the latter part of this year and there's -- that's the way we approach it. But just …
Michael Lapides: Got it. And …
James F. Pearson: … that’s slightly below -- we don’t make a decision to go in immediately and get into what I'd say rate fatigue. We strategically look at what is the optimal timing on when to make those filings.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then a more -- may be more strategic kind of question. We had three or four years in this industry among regulated companies including an announcement made today of M&A occurring where companies are able to cut costs via M&A. Those costs eventually flow back to customers via the rate case process somewhere down the road, makes companies more efficient. Just curious once you get FES result and it looks like it's happening sooner rather than later. How you think about the landscape for M&A and what FirstEnergy's role in that landscape, if any.
Charles E. Jones: So we’re a product of three of those types of events. And I am proud to say that when you benchmark our O&M costs across all of our utilities, they benchmark very well against our competition. I would think that the synergies of those transactions have helped us achieve that. The end result of that is that we have pretty much lower, the lowest rates in the states that we serve. So we’ve given the benefit of those transactions to our customers. I’m a little tentative when you think about M&A type of things today because of the premium cost and the high cost to achieve from a regulatory perspective makes it difficult to deliver dividends to customers in the short-term. I think we’ve positioned ourselves now with 6 million customers across five states. That 6% to 8% growth on top of -- an appropriate dividend policy is going to be a good story for our investors for a long time to come.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Chuck. Much appreciated, guys.
Charles E. Jones: Okay. Well, thank you for your questions and your time and thank you as always for your support. I think this was an important call for us as we move forward, and we'll talk to you in next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Meghan Geiger Beringer - FirstEnergy Corp. Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp. K. Jon Taylor - FirstEnergy Corp. Leila L. Vespoli - FirstEnergy Corp.
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Gregg Orrill - UBS Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Paul Fremont - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Meghan Beringer, Director, Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you, Ms. Beringer. You may begin.
Meghan Geiger Beringer - FirstEnergy Corp.: Thank you, Christine, and good morning. Welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Today, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies and prospects. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the Earnings Information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on the FirstEnergy Investor Relations website along with a presentation which supports today's discussion. Participants in today's call include Chuck Jones, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Pearson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy, Regulatory Affairs and Chief Legal Officer; Jon Taylor, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Steve Staub, Vice President and Treasurer; and Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Chuck Jones.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Thanks, Megan. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we reported solid 2017 results along with 2018 earnings guidance and a growth rate that provides investors with visibility into our regulated opportunities through 2021. Our operating earnings results surpassed our original guidance for the year and are near the upper end of the revised range we provided last quarter. We have now achieved three straight years of meeting or exceeding the midpoint of the operating earnings guidance we provided to investors. I am proud of the financial discipline our entire team has shown over this three-year period. Our 2017 operating earnings reflect the strong financial performance in our distribution and transmission businesses as well as the positive impact of our regulated growth strategy. Our GAAP earnings were impacted by impairments and plant exit costs at our competitive business as well as charges related to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Jim will discuss these in more detail shortly. We are gratified that our plans to transform our company into a highly performing, fully regulated utility earned the confidence of several prominent investors who made a $2.5 billion equity investment in our company last month to support this transition. I'll take a few minutes to walk through the positive impacts this transaction is having on our company. First, it allowed us to strengthen FirstEnergy's balance sheet and improve our credit metrics. We used some of the proceeds to make a $750 million contribution to our employee pension plan, coupled with a $500 million contribution we made earlier in 2018. We don't expect any further required contributions to the pension through 2020. We also reduced holding company debt by $1.45 billion and, as a result, we are positioned for a sustained investment grade credit metrics through at least 2021. This transaction also eliminates the need to issue any additional equity outside of our employee benefit and stock purchase plans during our current planning period which runs through 2021. Second, the transaction facilitates an accelerated growth in infrastructure investment improvement program for our transmission and distribution businesses. For 2018, we are introducing regulated operating earnings guidance of $2.25 to $2.55 per diluted share. This represents operating earnings from our distribution and transmission businesses, net of the corporate segment. With those regulated operating earnings as our base, we're also introducing a long-term regulated operating earnings growth rate projection of 6% to 8% through 2021. This excludes the DMR in Ohio and is offset by the corporate segment. This growth rate reflects incremental investments in both the distribution utilities and transmission companies which I will discuss later for a total capital investment of more than $10 billion over that timeframe. I will note that these projections are presented on a fully diluted basis reflecting the full impact of the preferred shares in 2018. Beginning with first quarter 2018 results, we intend to report on a fully diluted basis to provide you with a comparative view of the company's performance. Finally, our January transaction includes the formation of a Restructuring Working Group or RWG that will advise our FirstEnergy management team as it addresses any potential restructuring at FES. The restructuring working group includes three FirstEnergy executives: Jim Pearson, Leila Vespoli, and Gary Benz, our Senior Vice President of Strategy; along with outside industry professionals, John Wilder of Bluescape and Tony Horton of Energy Future Holdings. The group has already started work, and they received a presentation from FES management to help the outside members become familiar with the business. FES continues to meet with its creditor advisors, and we anticipate that the RWG will be involved in those discussions at some point as well. It's important to emphasize that RWG is serving FirstEnergy's management and that FirstEnergy Solutions board of directors will continue to make decisions about FES, including any restructuring decisions. Together, these actions are designed to transform FirstEnergy by allowing us to fully shift our focus towards the tremendous opportunities in our regulated growth strategy. So let's review the very strong full-year operating performance at our regulated businesses and other developments across our company. In our transmission business, we saw higher 2017 earnings as we completed the initial phase of our Energizing the Future investment program. During the first four years of the program, we invested more than $4 billion to support system reliability and enhanced service to our customers. For the second phase of the program, we're increasing the low end of our targeted annual investments by $200 million. This will bring our planned investments to $1 billion to $1.2 billion annually through 2021. During the second phase, we will continue expanding the program into the Eastern part of our service territory. In December, JCP&L filed a settlement agreement with FERC that provides for rates effective January 1, pending a final FERC order, and also provides JCP&L the opportunity to file for forward-looking rates to be effective in 2020. We expect FERC to rule on that settlement as well as the MAIT settlement that we filed in October in the next several months. In our distribution business, 2017 was a great year. Our results reflect the new rates that went into effect in several of our service territories last January, which more than offset the $0.19 per share impact of milder weather compared to 2016. We're also pleased with the load trends that emerged throughout the year. On a weather-adjusted basis, commercial deliveries were consistent with our forecast while residential load exceeded our original expectations. In addition, we have now achieved six consecutive quarters of growth in industrial deliveries, primarily driven by the shale gas, steel and petroleum industries. Together, 2017 operating earnings from our Regulated Distribution and Transmission businesses, offset by the corporate segment, reflect an increase of more than 25% over 2016 or 14% when you exclude the DMR. As we look at 2018 and beyond, our Ohio utilities filed an application with the PUCO in December for a $450 million three-year plans to redesign and modernize portions of their distribution system to reduce the frequency and duration of power outages as well as prepare the system for smart grid technologies. The Distribution Platform Modernization plan will help our Ohio utilities to restore power faster, strengthen the system against adverse weather conditions, and enhance system performance by allowing remote monitoring of real-time grid conditions. In New Jersey, the BPU approved rulemaking for the Infrastructure Investment Program in December. This creates a mechanism that allows utilities to accelerate certain investments that enhance reliability, resiliency, and safety. We expect JCP&L to make a filing later this year. Incremental growth initiatives represented by our increased transmission investment and filings in Ohio and New Jersey, as well as a modest distribution rate case in Maryland are the primary drivers of the increase in our projected regulated operating earnings growth rate to 6% to 8%. Finally, before I move away from the utility discussion, I will note that Mon Power and Potomac Edison are evaluating alternatives to address their projected capacity shortfall in West Virginia. Given the outcome of our application to transfer ownership of Allegheny Energy's Pleasants Power Station to Mon Power, our purchase agreements was terminated in light of FERC's decision and the West Virginia Public Service Commission's conditions, which would have resulted in significant exposure to commodity risk at our utility. As a result, on Friday, Allegheny Energy notified PJM that the Pleasants Power Station will deactivate on January 1, 2019. We will continue to pursue opportunities to sell the plant while we prepare for deactivation. Moving to other Allegheny Energy news, you'll recall that in December, we completed the sale of 859 megawatts of generating capacity at the Springdale, Chambersburg, Gans, and Hunlock plants for approximately $388 million in net proceeds. The transactions involving the Buchanan and Bath plants are each on track and expected to close in the first half of this year. After paying off all remaining long-term debt at Allegheny Energy Supply, including make-whole premium payments, the net proceeds to Allegheny Energy Supply from the sale of all six of these facilities are expected to be about $220 million. Let's turn now to FirstEnergy Solutions. It is common knowledge that we were very actively involved in a multitude of efforts at both the state and federal levels to support our generation assets in a way that would have benefited our communities, employees and FES creditors. I'm personally disappointed that the endeavors haven't resulted in a meaningful legislative or regulatory support given the importance of these plants to grid resiliency, reliable and affordable power and the region's economy. FES will continue to look at all options regarding these units, and we will continue to support policy solutions. However, as Jim will discuss, we have fully impaired our nuclear assets because the inability to receive any form of legislative or regulatory support has increased the likelihood that the plants will not be able to operate until the end of their useful lives. At the end of January, FES, its subsidiaries and FENOC were $46 million invested in the unregulated money pool. We expect that they will exit the money pool sometime between now and the end of March and draw down the $500 million secured credit facility from FirstEnergy. The current forecast shows FES to have money pool borrowings of up to $100 million between now and March 31. As we prepare for our future as a fully regulated utility, we are continuing our efforts to ensure that our organization is well positioned to grow and prosper and that our cost structure is properly aligned, particularly at our shared services organization. Last year, we told you that we launched an initiative called FE Tomorrow to create this blueprint for our future. The FE Tomorrow team worked with Accenture to develop a variety of scenarios to achieve this goal. Now, as we move closer to our vision of becoming fully regulated, we're entering the next stage of that effort. A team of employees reporting to Jim Pearson has been charged to implementing the FE Tomorrow strategies over the next 12 to 24 months. As we announced yesterday, Jim has been named Executive Vice President, Finance. While he will continue to oversee the financial organization, this new role will ensure he can give his utmost attention to FirstEnergy Tomorrow and the RWG. Steve Strah, our Senior Vice President of FirstEnergy Utilities, will be stepping into the CFO position, reporting to Jim. And Sam Belcher, our Senior Vice President of FENOC and Chief Nuclear Officer, will take over Steve's role as Senior Vice President of Utilities. These changes and several others announced yesterday strengthen our succession planning by moving key individuals into new roles that will broaden their knowledge of our business. We believe this will help ensure that FirstEnergy is positioned to continue meeting our commitments to investors and customers well into the future. 2017 was a great year for our regulated businesses. We're very excited about the transformation that is taking place at FirstEnergy and for the opportunity to accelerate our regulated growth and infrastructure improvement plans that will benefit our 6 million customers, as well as our shareholders. Now, Jim, will provide a review of the fourth quarter results.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Good morning, everyone. As always, we have provided detailed information about the quarter in our consolidated report to the financial community which is posted on our website. Yesterday, we reported a fourth quarter GAAP loss of $5.62 per share that reflects asset impairment and plant exit cost at our competitive generation fleet and charges related to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I will take a few minutes to discuss these items before I move on to fourth quarter drivers. We recorded asset impairment and plant exit cost of $2.4 billion or $3.38 per share in the fourth quarter. This includes the impact of reducing the carrying value of the Pleasants Power Station, fully impairing our nuclear-generating assets and increasing our nuclear asset retirement obligations, given the outlook for the fleet. In addition, our fourth quarter GAAP results, include a non-cash charge of $1.2 billion or $2.68 per share related to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which primarily impacted our competitive business given its significant deferred tax asset position. We are working with all of our state regulatory commissions to determine the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act on utility customer rates which would flow through to our FFO given that we aren't a federal cash tax payer. Shifting gears to the results from our operations during the fourth quarter, we had a very strong operating earnings of $0.71 per share. Driving those results was a $0.23 per share improvement in our distribution business compared to the same period in 2016. This primarily reflected the new rates that went into effect in January 2017 as well as higher weather-related usage. Heating degree days were normal for the quarter but 9% higher than the same period of 2016. This drove a nearly 2% increase in total distribution deliveries compared to the fourth quarter of 2016. In the residential sector, sales were up 4%, while commercial deliveries were down 3%. On a weather-adjusted basis, fourth quarter residential deliveries were essentially flat, while commercial deliveries decreased 4% as a result of lower sales and energy efficiency efforts compared to the same period of 2016. Looking at industrial sales, the positive trends continued in the fourth quarter with growth of more than 3% compared to last year, driven by gas drilling and the recovery in steel. In the transmission business, fourth quarter operating earnings increased as a result of higher revenues related to our Energizing the Future program. Fourth quarter operating earnings in the competitive business improved due to favorable depreciation and general taxes, partially offset by lower commodity margin and higher O&M expenses. As always, we will remain focused on meeting our commitments to our shareholders and executing our regulated growth plans.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Thanks, Jim. Now, we will move into the question-and-answer phase of our call. I want to preface the Q&A that we will not be able to provide detailed information about the status of negotiations with FES credit advisers or creditors. FES has been operating independently since early 2017, and neither I or the other executives on this call can speak on behalf of FES. Now, let's take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning. Congratulations.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hey, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. So, first off, can you talk a little bit about the CapEx that you're reflecting here? How much of the latest JCP&L and Ohio efforts are reflected in that range that you guys just released here?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yeah. Julien, this is Jim. At the upper end of our guidance, we've included the $450 million filing that we made in Ohio, as well as we anticipate that we'll make a filing later this year in New Jersey for the Infrastructure Improvement Plan. So, I'd say at the top end of the range, it includes the $450 million in Ohio, and it also includes some money for the Infrastructure Improvement Plan in New Jersey.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Excellent. And then turning back to the earned ROEs, can you talk about what's kind of embedded as you think on the outer years of that regulated guidance? And specifically, can you talk a little bit more to Pennsylvania and what your thoughts are there? I know that there are some deferred tax items in the regulatory filings there and that's created a little bit of obfuscation out there and truly understanding what the earned returns are.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yeah. Julien, in Pennsylvania, the ROEs have not been defined since there was a settlement in those cases. When I think about Pennsylvania and I've heard a little bit of the questions that you just raised but we've just had two cases that have been fully tried in Pennsylvania. They've been before the staff of the Commission as well as the Commission itself. And I'd also note that when I look at our residential rates in Pennsylvania and compare them to our peers, we're about 13% below what our peers are in that state. So I don't see where there's any concern about where we're at in Pennsylvania. And you are right on the deferred taxes. There's a number of adjustments associated with deferred taxes in a rate-making process versus what you look at just from a pure GAAP standpoint.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: So I'll just follow on with that based on everything Jim said. There should be absolutely no concern in the market about us over-earning in Pennsylvania. And if there is any hysteria out there, you all are smart enough to know that there are people that trade off with the hysteria. But I just want to emphasize there should be no concern whatsoever.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Absolutely. And then overall, across the utilities, what are you reflecting out in the 2020/2021 timeframe?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: As far as what, Julien?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Earned returns, just in the longer dated regulated numbers you just released.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: I think you would see that we're assuming that our earned returns on all the utilities would approximate what we had in our filings out there.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Fair enough.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: And again (00:23:22) but we're right in line with those.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Good morning.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I wanted touch on tax reform and just when we think about the rate base numbers that you've laid out, how much of an impact upward in terms of an increase in your rate base could be attributed to tax reform? Has that been a material impact at all in terms of your overall sort of projected rate base or has that not really been a driver in the numbers that you've laid out here?
K. Jon Taylor - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hey, Stephen. It's Jon. I think we actually have a slide on that. But if you remember, the only thing that's really going to impact us is the elimination of bonus depreciation which was scaling down anyway under the original tax code. So that was 40% in 2018 and 30% in 2019. That would be about a $400 million uplift to rate base with the elimination of those two years.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And so that's the extent of it. I'm sorry.
K. Jon Taylor - FirstEnergy Corp.: Both on the Regulated Distribution and Transmission businesses.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Understood. And just on FES, I respect that we really can't get into discussion on the negotiations. I just wanted to understand from FirstEnergy's perspective, you know there's an upcoming bond payment due. Occasionally, there's concern raised about whether or not FirstEnergy might extend the period of effective ownership of FES or – I'm really effectively trying to just check with you all on your firmness for the timeline of exiting that business and just get your latest thinking on that.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, I said in my prepared remarks that I expect that they will be removed from the unregulated money pool between now and the end of March, and that will be the last tie that we have with that business. While I can't speak for FES, I will be shocked if they go beyond as far out some type of a filing.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, Chuck. And just, I guess, related to that, when we think about the management of the business after that, a key upcoming item is the May capacity auction in PJM. Who would be sort of responsible at that point for the bidding strategy in dealing with some of these assets that appear to be fairly economically challenged? How would that sort of, in practice, play out?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: It's FES' decision whether and how to bid in that upcoming auction for the FES assets. It would be Allegheny Energy Supply's decision the same for the Pleasants Power Station, and it would be Mon Power's decision for the assets that are of Mon Power's.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. That's all I have. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hi, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: When we're looking to model out and sort of corroborate our comfort level with the earnings trajectory that you've laid out, I think what you're implying in the way that you've laid out your guidance is that we should assume that, at a minimum, you're getting incremental revenue requirement every year on the capital you're deploying through the rider mechanisms in the different states. But anything that's under a stated rate, the only sort of revenue increases outside of formal rate case would come from any organic revenue growth that you're able to generate. Is that fair? And then, how do we think about O&M? I think you're saying that we should assume that overall you'll keep control of O&M flat. Just trying to come up with a set of basic modeling parameters that we can use to corroborate your confidence level at, let's say, the midpoint of guidance.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yeah. Greg, you're right. And let me really be clear about what our guidance is. We have a midpoint of $2.15, and that is what the 6% to 8% growth rate is based off of, so it's a midpoint of $2.15 with a 6% to 8% growth rate. We do have baked in increases in revenues associated with any capital spend that falls under the riders, primarily our transmission spend as well as in Ohio at the upper end, the DMR that would fall under a rider, as well as we would expect the infrastructure improvement plan in New Jersey would. So stated rates, unless there is a filing, we would not get any increases from those other than on organic growth. Now we do have a modest rate case built in for Maryland, but that's the only rate case that we have in our guidance right now. From an O&M perspective, yes, you're correct. We're going to hold O&M flat, and you'll see an improvement in O&M associated with our pension expense. And that's primarily the result of our plan generated an additional $500 million in earnings in 2017 compared to what we expected as well as the additional $1.250 billion contribution that we made in January. So I hope that helps, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: It does. It does. And then the share count you've given us is fully diluted, assuming all of the preferreds convert, correct?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yes.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: So in actuality, in what year will that average share count be the actual average share count because in the interim, we're actually being impacted with lower share count but the preferreds...
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: They would have to convert by the middle of 2019. So you're right there. The $536 million is fully diluted and I think we have it probably growing to about $545 million by 2021, and that just assumes the incremental equity issuance associated with our dividend reinvestment plans.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. So that's the actual share count more or less in 2020, and then it grows as you continue to use your plans.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: That's correct. As we continue to issue through our plans, it would increase.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Thank you, sir.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Okay.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: So I'll just follow on a little bit on the O&M. Our utility companies have done an outstanding job of managing O&M over really the last 10 to 15 years. And when you benchmark it, we have very low O&M costs compared to our peers, and that's one of the key drivers behind the fact, as Jim stated, in Pennsylvania, our rates are lower than our peers. And that's true pretty much in every state that we serve.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim. Please proceed with your question.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Good morning, guys.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hi, Shar.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: So, most of my questions were answered. But just from a modeling standpoint, there's been some very healthy growth that the slides are showing on your distribution year-over-year into 2018. What's sort of driving this especially since we have an absence of rate cases?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: What period are you looking at, Shar?
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Just from 2017 to 2018, looks like distribution is growing a little over 15%.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yeah. Let me take a shot at that, Shar. We have some revenue that will grow in 2018 compared to 2017. First, it reflects a full year of the Pennsylvania rate case. As you'll recall, that did not go into effect until the latter part of January, so we'll have a full year. We also have incremental revenues associated with the Ohio DCR. And then we have some growth in West Virginia associated with the industrial load that we've talked about where we expect some growth there. From a expense side, we expect improvement in our expenses, and that's primarily associated with the pension expense that I talked about earlier. And then we also assume that 2018 will be on a normal weather year. So that that would drive about $0.06 in earnings when you compare it to 2017. So I think those are the primary drivers, and that's offset a little bit by additional depreciation and general taxes.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Got it. That's helpful, Jim, and then just normalize it after that. Okay. And then just real quick on sort of tax reform, there's some preliminary evidence from several commissioners around the regions that they may not necessarily need a lot of that cash back immediately in order to obviously mitigate some rate volatility, et cetera. So when you sort of think about the plan you kind of laid out here, what's the base case scenario you're assuming in this kind of a growth outlook, especially given the fact that you're in multiple states? And then is there an opportunity, especially given the O&M leverage you have, in order to accelerate some of that distribution spending especially in light of your O&M levers and tax savings that you have?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yeah. Let me take that. In our base plan, we have not recognized any benefit associated with tax reform. Right now, we're working with all five of the commissions to see what is the most appropriate way to handle this going forward. But when you look at our plan that we have out there, it does not recognize any benefits associated with tax reform.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Excellent. Thanks, guys. Have a good morning.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning. How are you?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hey, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just on that last point. So, in Ohio, you guys are not planning on any benefit associated with the lower tax rate flowing through to earnings, is that correct?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: We have no benefit in our plan that we laid out, that's correct, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Because there was some filings, I guess, about how – there was some position that perhaps because it wasn't a general rate case, it was a base rate case that there won't be a true-up until 2024. Is there any – could you elaborate a little bit on that or what the difference is in that?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, we have a stay-out provision through May 31, 2024. So, technically, we will not begin to adjust our rates for any reason, whether expenses go up, whether taxes go up or taxes go down. I can say that we've already addressed the riders. The DMR and DCR filed for lower taxes there. But we have not done anything on the other side with Ohio other than in our plan that we've laid out, we have not incorporated any of those tax benefits.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. So in other words, so just to make it crystal clear, the fact that tax rates are going down will not – they're not going to be benefiting your EPS in terms of the guidance that you provided, is that correct?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Right now, they will not be benefiting our guidance, right, and we're not flowing anything through. Those would be deferred at this point.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. And then the FES, I understand that the auction decisions and what have you are going to be done by FES is your expectation. But you guys are obviously going to be very much apprised about what's going on in the wholesale market just from being a big utility operating in it. What is your expectation or thoughts about – since you haven't gotten – since policy has not shown up to be supportive of the power plants? Incrementally, how many power plants, just generally speaking, do you think might be leaving, might not be participating or at least clearing the auction in May? Do you follow what I'm saying? I mean, I know that you're not necessarily going to be making the decision there, but just in general, when you guys are looking out there and you're looking at supply and demand and what have you, just from a strategic perspective, what are you guys thinking might be the amount of capacity that fails to show up or to clear the auction, if you follow me?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, I'm not going to speculate about what others might do with their assets. I'll just give you my simple view of the future. Unless something is done to change the construct of these administrated markets which have been administrated in a way to disadvantaged coal and nuclear plants, over the long haul, unless the states step in to provide support, there will be no coal or nuclear plants left in these markets.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Turnure with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan: Good morning, Chuck and Jim.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Good morning.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan: For the corporate segments, the guidance that you guys provided is a lot lower than we had been modeling. I'm wondering if you moved any corporate costs or other costs from FES or the unregulated segment into there and that is baked into the guidance range that you give. And then also if there's any kind of successful cost cutting baked into that as well as we go out in the plan?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yeah. What we've assumed in the plan is that none of the costs that are currently being charged to FES are included, other than about $25 million associated with depreciation and that's associated with common systems that we have between FES and ourselves, and that would be accounting systems, payroll, accounts payable, something like that. The other impact on the corporate side is we've lost some of the tax shield where the interest used to be deducted at a 35% rate. Now, it's a 21% rate. So, that's driving some of that difference. But I would expect, in the plan going forward, corporate would hold flat in about the $0.55 range.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan: Okay. So, you're including only $25 million of depreciation moved into corporate in the plan, but you think that given everything you know that's pretty realistic with all of your cost-cutting efforts to date and going forward at the corporate level?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: That's correct. That's what we have built in there. That's right.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan: Okay. And then my second question is you've mentioned just no incremental equity needs going forward other than the internal plans that were previously part of your guidance. Anyway I just wanted to make sure that you're confident that you can fund the existing or the new CapEx program entirely with internal cash flows and debt.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yes, we are comfortable we can do that and you'll see we do have some new debt built into the plan. But when you think of a transmission spend that is in the $4 billion to $4.8 billion range, typically about half of that is funded through debt as well as any new capital above what we have in distribution would be new debt. But yeah, we're very confident we can do that internally.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: No additional equity through 2021. I can't believe its only one month after doing $2.5 billion that we're already getting that question again. But there will be none.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan: Okay. Fair enough, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Gregg Orrill with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Gregg Orrill - UBS: Yeah. Thank you. Can you talk to the $450 million Distribution Platform Modernization plan in Ohio just kind of what sort of reception you've gotten since you filed it and what the process is there and any – how you thought about scaling it and if there's likely to be any change, up or down, to the program?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, up till now, we have just been answering questions from the staff about what it is, what it does, how it helps customers. And beyond that, I don't think we're in a position to really say. I'd ask Leila to add to that but...
Leila L. Vespoli - FirstEnergy Corp.: So the impetus behind that, we had another filing out there for a more full-blown, if you would, grid modernization plan. That kind of got stalled when the Commission was having its different platform and then the discussions around the state. And so we looked at our system, and there are certain things that can be done and should be done that any smart grid system can be built off of. And so that's what we have in front of them. So it's a way for the Commission to consider it, to not tie their hands. And quite frankly, as you're looking at the spend, to kind of phase it in. So – and discussions we had pre-filing, it was warmly received. And we'll see – we don't have a schedule yet in terms of hearings, whether they can meet the date we requested or whether it might have to slip a little bit. But the concept, in any regard, was warmly received when we shared it with the Commission.
Gregg Orrill - UBS: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Praful Mehta with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks so much. So my question is on tax reform. And I understand that it's not really built into the forecast right now or the plan you've put out. But from a cash flow perspective, can you just walk through what you expect the cash flow impact to be because obviously revenue is coming down and you have DTL refunds as well. So what do you expect that cash flow impact to be and how is that impacting your FFO to debt?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: When we look at the full impact of tax reform, Praful, if we had to adjust all of the rates, it would probably impact our FFO to debt by about 1 to 1.5 percentage points. And right now, our forecast assumes those cash flows are not there and we still remain at about a 13% FFO through 2021. So, I'm not concerned about that. But when you think about the stated – or the formula rates, they will reset whenever those dates are. For the others, they'll reset whenever there's another rate proceeding or commissions decide to actually. As far as refunding customers, I think they'll follow the normalization rules, and ultimately those amounts will be refunded over the life of those assets, which is generally 30 to 40 years. So, any cash flows that flow through now that are not required to be flowed back to the customers immediately, then that's going to benefit our cash flow and it's going to further improve our FFO to debt.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I got you. That's helpful. So, in that refund, can you just break down the DTL portion of it? Is there a protected and unprotected portion and what is the assumption of refund on the unprotected piece?
K. Jon Taylor - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yeah. Praful, this is Jon. There is an unprotected piece. It's very small in the grand scheme of things. The excess deferred taxes was about $2.3 billion. 95% of that, if not more, was related to property which would be protected and be refunded over the life of those assets.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. Thanks. And then finally, just to add the DMR to it, I'm assuming in your current FFO to debt, you're building in the cash flow coming in from the DMR. If the DMR doesn't get extended, plus you have the FFO impact of the lower revenues and potentially some DTL refunds even though it's small, can you tell us what that FFO to debt looks like excluding DMR and then building in the impact of tax reform?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: That's right. As I've said earlier, Praful, we have built in the full impact of tax reform in our forecast. It goes through 2021. And also, we did not assume the DMR would be extended beyond 2019 and our FFO is still in the 13% range.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. And the target for FFO is that level or is there a different target?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: I think we're comfortable with the plan we have right now, and the amount of capital investment that we plan to make that the 13% range is appropriate. As time goes on, we would like to drive that up somewhat, but I think we're very comfortable with where that is right now going to a fully regulated model and the amount of capital investment that we're planning to do.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. And just finally is the parent debt to...
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Praful, we need to move on. We're running out of time and there are about six, seven more people in the queue to ask questions.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: All right. I appreciate it. Thank you, guys.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: So please limit your questions to one or two, not five or six.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Fremont - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Hi. Thanks. When you talk about I guess O&M as being a potential driver, I guess, can you quantify sort of the pension benefit that you're assuming numerically? And also, is there any further reduction in O&M beyond sort of the pension?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: The way I would look at the pension, Paul, is we probably have an incremental almost $1.750 billion and we're going to get a 7.5% return on that. So, the O&M benefit would probably be in about the $0.15 range. From an other O&M standpoint, we haven't built anything else in other than it would be flat. As Chuck said earlier, we are really very cost-effective within our utilities. Any cost reductions within those types of rates would have to be adjusted either through the formula rates or else when we go in for any rate proceedings. On the corporate side, we will continue to look at those cost to see if we can offset that $25 million in depreciation that we're assuming from the competitive side that we do not have anything built into the forecast we've given you.
Paul Fremont - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: And I know it's been like gone over a lot. But just to clarify on tax reform, you're assuming that whatever potential benefit that would not flow through sort of immediately, you would treat, from an accounting perspective, as a deferral. So, from an income statement perspective, you would not be booking any benefit in 2018 or any of the other years? Is that sort of a reasonable way to think about tax reform in terms of your guidance?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: At this point, in our guidance, yes, we don't have any of that benefit baked into our earnings. From a cash flow standpoint, any cash that flows through, it will be upside to us but we don't have anything built into that either in our metrics.
Paul Fremont - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, Chuck. How are you thinking about the range of potential outcomes from Mon Power in terms of their supply needs? And when specifically are those supply needs really coming to a head?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, I think in the short term, Michael, they would just meet any supply needs from the PJM market. And we are reevaluating what we need to do there. In another two years, we'll need to file another integrated resource plan anyway. But we are not planning to take another attempt at Pleasants, if that's what you're asking.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah. I was thinking more in the lines of either new build or acquisition of existing assets that are in the market today but maybe acquiring them at an attractive price for customer and ratepayers?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, at this point, as I said it's too early. We're going to go back and sit down, and Mon Power is looking at all the options. They may, at some point, do another RFP, and I'm sure in that RFP, if they do it, they'll address what FERC determined to be shortcomings in the previous RFP, but it's too early to answer that question.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And then, real quickly, how big of a step-up – and this may be a Jim or a Steve question, how big of a step-up in transmission revenue are you expecting in 2018 versus 2017? Kind of like what are you baking in, in guidance there?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: At the low end of our guidance, Michael, we're assuming that we'll spend $1 billion in transmission. At the upper end, we would be at the $1.2 billion range. So I think in 2018 we'll have about a normal increase in revenues, as you've seen over the last year or two.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. I was just checking because you referenced some of the settlements made in JCP&L, and I didn't know if they gave a one-time boost given the implementation of those this year.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: No.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you, guys.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yeah, I would look at probably from a revenue standpoint, our rate base growth will be about $0.07 in 2018 when you compare it to 2017, and then a little bit with the stated rates in JCP&L, that would be about probably another $0.03.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you, Jim. Much appreciated. Thanks, guys.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, guys.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hey, Jonathan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Just on the New Jersey IIP filing, can you give us some insight into what kinds of things you might consider putting in there? Will it be similar to the $450 million program in Ohio, or is this different kinds of components?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, we are developing it right now, Jonathan, and it's too early to talk about. So as soon as we are prepared to disclose it, probably, we will.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. So it's not necessarily it may or may not be the same kind of Distribution Modernization stuff to be up. Thanks.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I would say clearly, it will be projects and programs that are designed at improving reliability, improving resiliency, improving safety, security, et cetera, the types of things that the plan was intended for us to try to address.
Leila L. Vespoli - FirstEnergy Corp.: And Jonathan, just as you may know, the rule itself provides for project eligibility so, obviously, will stay within the parameters of that.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then, as we sort of think about scale with the sort of current relative sizes of CapEx in Ohio versus New Jersey be a good place to start thinking about this or not necessarily?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yeah. I think, it'd be on the order with what we filed in Ohio under the Distribution Platform Modernization.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you. And if I could just on this pension topic, Jim, I just want to clarify the $0.15 you just referenced, is that the sort of bridge between 2017 and 2018?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yes. That's correct, Jonathan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And is there any sort of quantifiable benefit from the assumption around slightly lower discount rate that it looks like you're bedding in as you go forward off of 2018 or is that fairly immaterial? I know you do the – your accounting's little differently.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yeah. There's no benefit associated with the discount rate from an earnings standpoint. But we did, I think, provided a slide and showed what our assumptions were longer term on what the liability would be on a discount rate growing to 4.5%. And if we had to set that discount rate today, it probably already be at 4.25%. So, we think that's a pretty conservative estimate for the liability even.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: But that's not driving the earnings guidance basically?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: No, no, no. No impact there.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Due to time constraints, our final question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski with Macquarie. Please proceed with your question.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. And I will literally have one question. So in Ohio, remember we met with the PUCO Chairman and he was emphasizing that your latest ESP included an understanding that the Ohio utilities will be investing in their distribution systems as called upon by the state. So in light of that, how does this $450 million Distribution Modernization plan compare to what this total investment opportunity here is, given what is perceived to be as years of under-investment for the distribution businesses?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: The DMR was about $200 million a year. We just filed a plan to invest $450 million of that into the types of programs that the DMR was intended to contemplate. So, I think we are on track to substantially invest everything that they provided for us in that ESP.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Jones, I would now like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Okay. Thank you and thanks for your continued support of FirstEnergy. This will end our call. Take care, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Meghan Geiger Beringer - FirstEnergy Corp. Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp. Leila L. Vespoli - FirstEnergy Corp.
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC Paul Fremont - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research) Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Meghan Beringer, Director, Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you, Ms. Beringer. You may begin.
Meghan Geiger Beringer - FirstEnergy Corp.: Thank you, Rob, and good morning. Welcome to FirstEnergy's third quarter earnings call. Today, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies and prospects. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risk and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the Earnings Information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on the FirstEnergy Investor Relations website along with a PowerPoint presentation, which supports today's discussion. Participants in today's call include Chuck Jones, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Pearson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy, Regulatory Affairs and Chief Legal Officer; Jon Taylor, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Steve Staub, Vice President and Treasurer; and Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Chuck Jones.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Thank you, Meghan. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday afternoon, we reported very strong third quarter results. Our GAAP earnings were $0.89 per share. Our operating earnings of $0.97 per share not only exceeded the third quarter of 2016, but also surpassed our guidance range. This was possible in part, thanks to another very solid quarter in the regulated business, as well as stronger-than-expected results in our Competitive and Corporate segments. Above all, it reflects our teams' laser focus on costs, cash and operational performance and our track record of execution. I'm pleased to note that we are now closing in on three straight years of exceeding or meeting the midpoint of operating earnings guidance we provided to investors. As always, Jim will provide more details on our quarterly financial results later in the call. Now, let's move to a discussion of some of the key developments across our company. We'll start with our regulated businesses, where we are building a platform for sustained customer service focused growth. In our transmission business, our Energizing the Future initiative continues to reduce predictable results and we remain on pace with our investments as we expand our grid modernization and reliability work into the eastern part of our service territory. As we have discussed, FERC accepted the formula transmission rates for both our JCP&L transmission assets and our Mid-Atlantic Interstate Transmission subsidiary, known as MAIT, in March. These rates went into effect on June 1 and July 1 respectively, subject to refund, pending the outcome of hearing and settlement proceedings. While the JCP&L case remains pending and the MAIT case, we were pleased to file a settlement agreement with FERC earlier this month with a proposed 10.3% return on equity. We expect FERC to rule on this settlement agreement in the next several months. Moving to our distribution business, the narrative for the third quarter follows the themes we discussed during the first half of the year. Results improved compared to the same period in 2016 due to the new rates that went into effect in Ohio, New Jersey and Pennsylvania in January. Weather had a significant impact year-over-year, while cooling degree days were slightly higher than normal during the third quarter of 2017. The temperatures were far more moderate than we experienced last year, which was the hottest summer in our service area in more than four decades. That tough weather comparison aside, our load trends are a good news story. On a weather-adjusted basis, distribution deliveries to residential and commercial customers continue to come in better than our forecast. And for the year, we remain optimistic that these load improvements will offset the mild temperatures from earlier this year, which is in line with our discussion last quarter. In the industrial class, the third quarter load growth of 1.2% was driven largely by the shale gas, steel and petroleum industries. This continues a positive trend in this segment, where we've now experienced five consecutive quarters of growth. Our teams have been updating our load analysis for 2018 and beyond and we plan to discuss our outlook with you at EEI next week. Before I wrap up the discussion of our utility business, I want to extend my thanks to our employees who traveled south in September to assist with Hurricane Irma. Overall, more than 630 FirstEnergy employees assisted with the restoration effort and they continue to receive notes of thanks from those affected by the storms. This hurricane season was a stark reminder to many of the importance of a reliable and resilient electric grid for customers and our nation's economy. We commend Secretary Perry and the Department of Energy for recognizing this and for taking action to help prevent additional premature closures of U.S. fuel-secure baseload generating assets. As you know, in late September, the Secretary of Energy proposed the adoption of a rule by FERC to correct faulty market conditions and keep essential fuel-secure baseload generating plants operating. We believe this should help ensure customers continue to receive safe, reliable and affordable supplies of electricity, while maintaining the security of the electric grid. And we filed comments in testimony earlier this week, expressing our strong support for the Resiliency Pricing Rule. We were also pleased to see the broad bipartisan support for this measure expressed in both houses of the Pennsylvania legislature earlier this week. At the state level too, we are encouraged to see a renewed effort to preserve essential generation. While the Ohio legislature was on recess this summer, we continued working on a modified approach to help compensate the state's nuclear plants for the fuel diversity, environmental and other benefits that they provide. This month, Representative DeVitis along with 15 bipartisan co-sponsors from across the state introduced House Bill 381 called Ohio Clean Energy Jobs, which essentially reworked the zero emission nuclear proposal. This bill would create a program to help protect the state's nuclear plants and ensure they continue to support well-paid jobs, economic growth, reliable and affordable electricity generation and environmental progress. Proposal caps impact on both residential and non-residential customers and reduces the length of the program to 13 years. While revenue resulting from this legislation will be a reduction from the previous versions, it would likely make the plants economically viable, particularly in a restructuring scenario at FES. We believe this effort is imperative for Ohio's energy security. The Ohio House Public Utilities Committee is expecting to hold hearings on the bill over the next several weeks with a vote possible before year-end. We expect the final vote in the legislature around the middle of the first quarter. Whether these state or federal activities result in meaningful and timely support remains to be seen, but it is encouraging to see the much needed attention on these very important issues. At the federal level, the rule-making provision utilized by Secretary Perry has only been used once before by an Energy Secretary and I believe that underscores how serious the administration is about these concerns. Both FirstEnergy and FES Board will continue to watch these near-term developments with interest. At the same time, FirstEnergy continues our efforts to exit commodity-exposed generation. There have been a number of additional developments on that front since our last call. So, I'll take a few minutes to provide an update on our progress. In late-August, we entered into a revised agreement for the sale of competitive natural gas and hydroelectric generation owned by our Allegheny Energy Supply subsidiary in Pennsylvania and Virginia. Under the terms of the revised agreement, 1,615 megawatts of assets will be sold to LS Power for an all-cash price of $825 million, subject to certain adjustments. As you will recall from our conversation last quarter, we originally entered into an agreement for this sale in January and FERC granted approval of the original transaction in June. The revised agreement includes four natural gas power stations in Pennsylvania, our competitive interest in the Bath County Hydro station and adds our interest in the Buchanan gas facility, both of which are in Virginia. The transaction involving the four natural gas stations in Pennsylvania is expected to close this year, while the sale of the interest in the Bath County and Buchanan facilities is expected to close in the first quarter of 2018. One of the closing conditions is that LS Power must reach an agreement with us and the other owner of the Bath County facility with respect to the operations of that plant. We are hopeful that, that process will be completed soon. In West Virginia, Mon Power continues to work through the regulatory process to complete the purchase of Allegheny Energy Supply's 1,300-megawatt Pleasants plant. We continue to expect final approval from the West Virginia Public Service Commission and FERC by early 2018. Net proceeds to Allegheny Energy Supply from these two transactions are expected to be about $350 million after paying off all remaining long-term debt at Allegheny Energy Supply, including make-whole premium payments. We expect that the proceeds will be invested in FirstEnergy's unregulated money pool. As we previously mentioned, FirstEnergy and FES each have a fully engaged team of financial and legal advisors who are assisting with our exit from the commodity-exposed generation business. FES held initial discussions with its creditor advisors in early September and the parties have continued their dialogue since then, primarily focused on due diligence and providing an understanding of the FES operations and its financial projections. It is our understanding that the creditor groups that have formed represent a large group of the Bruce Mansfield sale leaseback noteholders as well as the secured and unsecured pollution control notes. FirstEnergy is not currently involved in these discussions, but we would participate when it's appropriate. In a restructuring scenario, a preferred outcome would be agreement with creditors. At this time, FirstEnergy continues to provide FES access to the unregulated money pool. As of the end of September, FES, its subsidiaries and FENOC had net borrowings of $67 million. Based on our current forecast, we expect them to have a neutral to slightly invested position in the unregulated money pool by the end of March 2018. This forecast includes a series of debt service and lease payments totaling $88 million between now and March, $48 million of which is due on December 1. The FES Board has the responsibility of deciding whether FES will seek protection under a Chapter 11 filing and they have several key considerations in making that decision, including the outlook for the DOE's proposed rule and FERC's actions as well as the status of discussions with creditors' advisors. With almost 10 months behind us, 2017 is shaping up to be a positive year for our company, with strong financial and operational performance as well as progress on our regulated initiatives. Last night, we announced that we increased our GAAP forecast for the full year of 2017 to a range of $2.02 to $2.42 per share. This takes into account an estimate of our annual pension and OPEB mark-to-market adjustment. On an operating earnings basis, our utility and transmission businesses are solidly on track to achieve their targets in 2017. With better than expected performance in Corporate and our Competitive business, we are raising our full-year guidance to a range of $3 to $3.10 per share, above the upper end of the previous range. As always, we intend to continue positioning FirstEnergy for stable, predictable and customer service oriented growth to benefit shareholders, customers and employees. Thank you for your time and I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Good morning, everyone. Before I get into the discussion of our results, I'll remind you that detailed information about the quarter can be found in the consolidated report to the financial community, which is posted on our website. Our strong operational performance and financial discipline across the company are reflected in our third quarter 2017 GAAP results and our operating earnings, which as Chuck said, came in well above our guidance for the quarter. Third quarter earnings in the distribution business increased by $0.05 per share compared to the same period in 2016. The increase was driven by the new rates that went into effect in Ohio, New Jersey and Pennsylvania in January. Cooling degree days were 3% above normal, but 27% lower than the same period of 2016. This drove a 7% decrease in total distribution deliveries compared to the third quarter of 2016, with sales to residential customers decreasing 14% and commercial deliveries down 6%. On a weather-adjusted basis however, total distribution deliveries increased slightly in the residential and commercial sectors compared to the third quarter of 2016. And industrial sales continued their positive trend, with growth of more than 1% compared to last year. In our transmission business, third quarter earnings benefited from higher revenues, resulting from our continued investment in the Energizing the Future program. In the Competitive business, our results were flat compared to the third quarter of 2016. While commodity margin reflects lower contract sales rates and the expected decline in retail sales, it was offset by lower operating expenses, including depreciation, O&M, fuel and general taxes. FES' total retail customer count is now about 842,000 compared to 1.4 million a year ago. We are raising our 2017 adjusted EBITDA guidance for the Competitive business to $525 million to $555 million, primarily reflecting the delay in the Allegheny Supply gas and hydro asset sale and lower operating expenses. We are very pleased with our results for the first three quarters of the year and the progress we've achieved on our strategic initiatives and we are especially pleased that S&P updated its outlook of FirstEnergy in August from negative to stable, reflecting their confidence in our efforts to become fully regulated. We will continue our focus on meeting our commitments to shareholders and executing our regulated growth plans. Before we open the lines for your questions, Chuck has an additional comment.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Thanks, Jim. I know you're eager to ask questions and I won't keep you long, but I wanted to take this opportunity to reinforce an important message. I've always said I believe very strongly in transparent communications and today we provided a comprehensive update on the status of affairs at FES. So, while I'm sure you will have many questions about the status of negotiations with creditors and their advisors, we have been very clear that we will not conduct these negotiations in public. We recognize the varied interests of our stakeholders, but we're also aware that some have an interest in floating rumors about our company. I urge you to only rely on information that comes directly from us and you will only find that in a public forum or filing. Now, let's take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting the question-and-answer session. Thank you. Our first question is from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning. Congratulations on the results.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hey, Julien. Welcome back.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you so much. So, perhaps I'll try to be diplomatic about this. With respect to the FES situation and the DOE efforts, can you give us a little bit of a sense on how the timeline itself might be shifting? Obviously, there's a number of factors. Are you thinking that there could be some sort of attempt to wait it out to see what happens out of this process, obviously, they're trying to be expedited and/or any legislative efforts? How might all three, with respect to timing, tie into each other?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Julien, I don't think there's any connection between them. We're moving forward with our efforts to exit the commodity-exposed generation business. I mentioned that we began or FES began discussions with the creditors in September. Those discussions are ongoing. I know that they opened up a data room and there's a lot of due diligence going on. I think that's going to probably take some time to get to closure. And I said in my remarks, I think the preferred outcome is to get a settlement with creditors. So, the DOE effort, if it stays on the track that the Department of Energy set up, which is an end of December 11, I think that they're going to happen all in the same timeframe, but I don't think there's any delays going on anywhere. We're moving forward and we're watching to see what happens out of the DOE.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Excellent. And then, secondly, I just want to set the record straight a little bit. What is your attitude towards retaining any of the legacy assets in an attempt to negotiate something? I don't want to talk about the negotiations per se, but what is the palatability of retaining, for instance, any of the nuclear assets? I just want to be very clear about this one, particularly if you are successful with legislation and/or anything else to kind of change the view of it being perhaps a little bit more contracted like than not
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I want to be very clear too. FirstEnergy's strategy is to become fully regulated. We have no interest in maintaining generating assets that have commodity exposure and we're moving forward with exiting the commodity-exposed generation business.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Excellent. Thank you so much for the transparency.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, guys.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: First, I just wanted to clarify, I think, Chuck, you said that you were going to be giving at EEI an update on the load analysis.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yes.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And I want to make sure I heard that right, but does that suggest a more kind of holistic update of your outlook or what else should we expect at the conference just in terms of broad outline?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, we don't want to give it all away today, but, yeah, I think you would expect a little more holistic look at what's happening with our loads and any impact that might have on the growth rates that we've given previously. And we plan to give you a more clearer view of where we think our future is right now.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then, thank you for that. And secondly on, you talked about the Corporate segment, an outperformance there having been a driver of the guidance raise. Can you give us a little more what's driving that and whether you'd see that flowing through beyond this year?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hey, Jonathan, this is Jim. That's primarily driven by a lower effective tax rate slightly offset by the bond offering that we did earlier this year. So, we would expect that benefit to carry through to the remainder of the year and that's where we updated our guidance there midpoint.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. And then, if I may, just given the commentary around the commitment to exit the Competitive business and see that through, if we kind of fast forward to when you reach that point, how will you think about your equity financing needs once you're in that more stable setup? Should we think of the sort of ongoing issuance that you talked about last year as part of the plan or could you see a scenario where you'd want to put some of that behind you more up front?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: So, we have publicly stated an intent to issue $1.5 billion of additional equity between now and the end of 2019. We intend to move forward with that. I would say we reserve the right to decide how and when to do that, but the total amount isn't going to change and it's going to be done by the end of 2019.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Fair enough. Thank you very much, Chuck.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Good morning.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I wanted to discuss the Department of Energy proposal. If FERC did decide to go ahead and move forward with what the Department of Energy has recommended, but the proposal gets mired in legal challenge, would that be enough for you all to decide to retain the business, because after all I guess really under the DOE approach, the assets effectively would be contracted utility-like assets or would that not be enough for you to want to retain the business?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, Stephen, let me just say this. I don't think the DOE initiative has anything to do with FirstEnergy despite what's been reported in some of the media. I think it has to do with preserving critical fuel-secure baseload generating facilities. And I think that that's what it will do whether FirstEnergy owns them or whether FES creditors own them or whether FES creditors sell them to a third party that we don't even know of today. I think the most important thing that they are focused on is correcting the market deficiencies that do not compensate these plants for the attributes that they bring to the grid. Beyond that, I don't think it's appropriate for me to speculate on any outcomes. When we have the outcomes, we'll react to them.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. And then, just shifting gears over to Pleasants, I wondered if you could just talk a little bit further about next steps in terms of the process of approval and just what we should be looking out for there.
Leila L. Vespoli - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hi, Stephen, this is Leila. So, the hearing process is complete. The briefs are in and we will be expecting a commission decision. There's no timeline in which they have to act, but we are hopeful that we will receive an order in the first quarter of next year. With regard to the FERC piece of that, I believe January 18 is the date by which FERC would have to act. So if the West Virginia Commission were so inclined and wanted to see what was happening there, they might act after that. So, that's the timeline associated with Pleasants right now.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski with Macquarie. Please go ahead with your question.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. Okay. So first, a question about equity. So, it's the end of October. I know you guys mentioned that you would be issuing equity late this year. How should we think about it? Are you going to try to infuse equity into your pension plan or is it going to be a block equity sometimes in late fourth quarter?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: So, Angie, we haven't decided yet and I would say, when we issued it into the pension plan last year, it was I think a very successful way to do it. But as I said, we are committed to doing $1.5 billion between now and the end of 2019. We're reviewing the timing of that all the time and we'll go to our board at the appropriate time when we're ready to do that.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Understood. Secondly, okay, so it's a bit of a surprise, I think, at least to us that the state legislative initiatives that support you nuclear asset is progressing given the fact that the governor has been opposed to it. So, what has changed? Do you think that this DOE NOPR has changed the minds of the legislators? I mean, do you think that if New Jersey and now Connecticut stand by their nuclear plants, that's going to actually sway the legislature or the governor?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I think it's all of the above. I think the fact that New York and Illinois have – already taking measures to protect these fuel-secured nuclear facilities in particular, the DOE initiative on top of it, the fact that other states concurrently are looking at it, all are creating an awareness about what's going on in our nation and the importance of these assets to not only physical security, but also economic security. So, I don't think it's a surprise that Ohio is willing to relook at it. I think we've got to deal with the legislature first. And then, once we have the legislature passing the bill, then we'll see where the governor really is at that time.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Kind of lastly, obviously, don't want to steal the thunder from the EEI, but are you trying to suggest that the higher load growth at the T&D business could warrant higher CapEx? Is that what you're suggesting?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I am not suggesting anything specifically. We're still, as I said, finalizing our load projections and we'll just give you the whole picture at EEI.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your questions.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Good morning.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: I see that when I look on page – trying to find it here, sorry, yeah, page 17 of your presentation, you footnoted the impact of pension OPEB. I know you take – make one-time adjustments every year and you've given us those impacts here. Are those – those discount rates are down, is that around 25 basis points from the prior assumptions? Is that correct?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: That's correct, Greg. Last year, when we made our actuarial assumption, we had a discount rate of 4.25%. Right now, it's just above 4%.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. And then, when I skip forward to page 31, where you give us the FE parental guarantees and other assurances to FES, we have a $712 million unfunded pension and OPEB obligation as of 12/31/16. Should we assume that, that number is going to go up as a reflection of the lower discount rates when you give us the year-end number?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yes, Greg. That'll go up slightly and we'll revise that when we get to the end of the year and finalize what our actual returns were on the assets as well as what the final discount rate is. And as you know, we don't measure that until December 31. It's whatever the rate is at the end of the year.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Have you given rules of thumb in the past as to what change in discount rate might mean to those – to that balance before performance offsets?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: No. We've never done that for FES in particular, but the rule of thumb on a change in the discount rate, it impacts liability by about $250 million.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: But that's across the whole company?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: That's across the whole company. That's correct.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: And a subset of that would be at the utilities, which is recoverable and the subset of that would be at FES, where it would increase this exposure, correct?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: That's correct.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please state your questions.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yes. Hi. Good morning, Chuck, Jim. Just, I guess, one question on the sales update. Could you just maybe remind what your prior projections were in the plan that you gave? I guess, the last time you gave plan was really last year's EEI for sales growth?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yes. Steve, last year, we had pretty much a flat overall growth. We had a slight decline in residential and commercial offset with an increase in industrial, but for total, it was less than a 1% growth rate.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, great. And then, on the proceeds that you're going to get to $350 million that you talked to from the kind of AES, you're going to leave that in the unregulated money pool?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yes, that's right. I mean there'll be about $350 million left after we paid down debt as well as the make-whole premium and that $350 million will just go into the money pool. That's correct.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And are you going to kind of leave it there till FES has resolved or can you bring that into FE Corp. essentially?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: That will come into FE Corp.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. All right. I will leave it at that. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah. Hey, guys. Question on the regulated side of the shop. First of all, can you give an update for your expectations of where the New Jersey infrastructure strawman process kind of goes? And second, if the strawman doesn't happen, when do you think you would potentially file again in New Jersey?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, I'll take the first half, and I think it's really great to be in a position in New Jersey to even be having discussions with the BPU about a going-forward view of infrastructure improvement. And we're going to keep those discussions going and we hope to get resolved with something that we can both mutually agree to. Beyond that, I'll turn it over to Leila to answer the second question.
Leila L. Vespoli - FirstEnergy Corp.: So, I assume you were referring to the infrastructure investment program and the proposed rules, which we are hoping that will be in place by the end of the year, very similar with some of the mechanisms, if you would, to the disc in Pennsylvania and, as Chuck alluded to, a very positive move for New Jersey. So, we will be looking at that just like we did in Pennsylvania to provide a program under it. If we don't use that, we always on a continuous basis in New Jersey and across all our states continue to monitor and see when a rate case may be justified.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Based on your last rate case, I forget, when can you file again?
Leila L. Vespoli - FirstEnergy Corp.: I don't think we have a moratorium, but...
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: No restriction in New Jersey, but there's no date certainly for a filing. We'll file when we think it's appropriate.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you, Chuck, thanks, Leila, much appreciated.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your questions.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Actually almost everything I have was answered. Just a really quick one, on the MAIT settlement, why did it cause an impairment? It wasn't a big one. So, I'm sort of wondering why that happened.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: There was some regulatory assets that we had on the books, Paul, that as part of the settlement process we agreed to not to recover those. So, we took the impairment this quarter.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And what were those assets associated with?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Vegetation management and storm costs, deferred storm costs.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. I got it. Okay, thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Please proceed with your questions.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Thanks guys. So firstly, on the increased guidance for 2017, it looks like a majority of it is CES. Is the delay in asset close or the delay in the close of a transaction part of the reason for that or is it purely driven by market prices and the other factors you mentioned in the call?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yeah, you got it. A portion of that increase is associated with the delay in the asset sale, but we've also had some favorable O&M. Beaver Valley 2 as well as Perry, they returned from their outages a little sooner than we had expected. We had a property tax settlement in Ohio that has improved that somewhat and we've also seen some improvements in our nuclear decommissioning, which drove some of the increase.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you, but how much would you attribute to the delayed close, because the jump is quite meaningful? So wanted to understand how much was all the other factors and how much was just the fact that you had the assets for a little longer?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I'd say about $0.06 is associated with the delayed sale. We had about a $0.07 improvement in our O&M. Property taxes were a couple cents and the NDT was about $0.03. So, that gets you to the $0.18.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. That's super helpful color. And then, secondly, on the asset sale itself, it seems like quite a bit was renegotiated, right? The price came down by $100 million. You added some more assets and then you have to pay out the $100 million for the change in control on the debt. I was just trying to understand what triggered all of that? Like what drove that significant change in the price and the fact that you had to pay for the change in control?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Really, the change in control, the calling of that debt, we had generally always expected that we would have to do that. The $100 million change is just, I would say the sale was priced on the existing market conditions. And really, the other assets that we included, the Buchanan, I don't have the exact – I think it was only like 61 megawatts or something like that. It was a very, very small addition of assets.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. Understood. And then just finally, in terms of the parental support from FE to FES, obviously there's the pension OPEB and you've provided great color in the past in terms of what FE is supporting FES with. Is there an update on that? Is that something you aim to provide on a regular basis, so we know all the different components? Obviously, there's some money pool and some other liabilities, but wanted to get more clarity on all the different pieces.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yeah. I think we've laid out all of the guarantees on one of our slides in the presentation, so that they're still pretty consistent. And as we said earlier on the call, the money pool is about $67 million right now and we would expect through the forecast period we have through March of next year that the money pool would probably go down to about zero to possibly some money actually invested in the money pool. So other than that, that's everything we have out there and nothing's changed.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Understood. Super helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Christopher Turnure with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. Jim, you guys obviously had a very successful bond issuance and refinancing back in early June. Could you just give us an update on your thoughts on parent-level credit capacity versus kind of where you stand today?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: From our standpoint, we did have a very successful bond offering. From my standpoint, I don't see us increasing that capacity any. In fact, I think Chuck and I would like to decrease the leverage at the holding company somewhat. We do have capacity where we could issue several billion dollars more in debt, but that is not in any of our plans at this point.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's pretty clear I think. And then, Chuck, I respect that you don't want to give any extra detail on the negotiations with creditors, but I did want to just clarify some comments in your prepared remarks. Is it fair to say you've had or the FES Board has had two separate meetings with some creditor group since the last earnings call and that that creditor group, to your knowledge, represents a meaningful portion of the outstanding bondholders?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: In my prepared remarks, I said there have been meetings. I have no idea how many meetings they've had, but I do understand that it represents a broad spectrum of the bondholders and a majority of the bondholders from what FES has communicated.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Paul Fremont with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Fremont - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Thanks. I guess that DMR comes up for renewal, when would you expect – would you expect to file sometime next year, I guess, for the two-year extension or when would you plan on filing?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Paul, you're right. Right now, it's a three-year period. It goes through 2019. It's our expectation that we'd likely file early in 2019 for that extension.
Paul Fremont - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay. And then, you talked about certain changes that are required for the Bath transaction to basically close. Can you provide sort of any insight as to what those changes might involve?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Not changes, Paul. We need an operating agreement between the owners and there are multiple owners. And we're just working through the process of getting that operating agreement completed. When that's completed, the transaction can go forward.
Paul Fremont - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Right. But I mean, as I recall, that was a complicating factor sort of the first time around, right, that there were required changes that needed to be made to the operating agreement and it sounded as if that didn't happen. And then, you went through the whole renegotiation process. So, is there something that would make those changes more likely this time than in the sort of the previous round?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I don't think there's any issue with getting an operating agreement in place other than the time that it takes to do it.
Paul Fremont - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay. And then, lastly, in terms of liquidity, it looks as if there's adequate liquidity at least until March of 2018 with respect to FES. Is there anything else that you would see that would potentially precipitate a filing sort of earlier than the liquidity sort of concerns that you've outlined?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, I'm not going to speculate on behalf of the FES Board what might drive their decisions. So, there's nothing that is material that we haven't communicated.
Paul Fremont - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your questions.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: I just had a quick follow-up on the guidance. The $0.07 you mentioned on O&M, was that purely related to the shorter outages than planned?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Majority of it, Paul, was associated with the outages. There has been a little bit less than advisory costs than what we had expected. And we've also had some lower expenses associated with our retail program, but the majority of it would be associated with planned outages.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And then, the property taxes, that should be ongoing. Is that fair?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yes, yes, that is new appraisal values for the plants.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And then, decommissioning trust will be what the market does, okay.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yes, that could go up or down based on how the market performs.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Good morning. Transmission CapEx, you had a fairly wide range of guidance, $800 million to $1.2 billion, at least that's the last fact book. I think that's still current. I suspect that the MAIT settlement doesn't really drive that from the lower-end in that range just because it's small. I suspect that reaching an agreement on FES doesn't really drive things, because you're not putting much money, much capital in FES anymore. What drives that then from the $800 million or the $1.2 billion over the next five years?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: We just put that range in there. If we get some distribution riders or some additional spend in distribution, we might diverge some of our capital there. But I think from our standpoint, you would look at probably about an average of $1 billion a year. You're right, the MAIT settlement with a 10.3% ROE, that's consistent with what we're earning in our ATSI program. So, I think it's just a range to determine where we wanted to devote our capital to.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): And then, when you settled the ATSI at the 10.38%, I think one of the statements you said, Jim, was that because of all the small projects you were doing, having that settlement, getting the framework in place was important. Is that the same thing with MAIT that take the lower ROE, but to have this framework, have the ROE status is critical?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yeah, I think it's important to get that settled. We believe that the 10.3% rate, it is consistent with current market conditions and consistent with our other transmission. So, we think it's valuable to get it settled and get the rates in place and move forward and start devoting some capital there.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay. Thanks.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: And the projects that we're doing are very similar to what we talked about before. We're just moving them east. They're generally smaller projects that get completed and there was a lot of regulatory lag under our lagging formula rate that we don't have any more.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay, fine. I'll save the rest for EEI. Thank you.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Okay.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your questions.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hey, guys. My questions were actually answered. Thanks.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hey, Shar, take care.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is a follow-up from line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your questions.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, Chuck, real quick one. At what point do you feel comfortable or believe that FE will be back in the position, where the company is going to be back in a position to kind of contemplate dividend growth again?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, I think first of all, we've got to get this exit of commodity-exposed generation behind us, Michael, and understand what the going-forward state of our company is. Where our dividend's at today, I don't think there's any reason that we would need to think about increasing it, because it's a very competitive dividend and we'll deal with that down the road once we get through this strategic restructuring of our company.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you, Chuck. Much appreciated.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Okay. Well, thank you all and look forward to seeing you at EEI.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Meghan Geiger Beringer - FirstEnergy Corp. Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp. Leila L. Vespoli - FirstEnergy Corp.
Analysts: Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corporation's Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Meghan Beringer, Director of Investor Relations for First Energy Corporation. Thank you, Ms. Beringer. You may begin.
Meghan Geiger Beringer - FirstEnergy Corp.: Thank you, Tim, and good morning. Welcome to FirstEnergy's second quarter earnings call. Today, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies and prospects. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risk and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the Earnings Information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on the FirstEnergy Investor Relations website along with a PowerPoint presentation which supports today's discussion. Participants in today's call include Chuck Jones, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Pearson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy, Regulatory Affairs and Chief Legal Officer; Jon Taylor, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Steve Staub, Vice President and Treasurer; and Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Chuck Jones.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Thanks, Meghan. Good morning everyone. Yesterday we reported solid second quarter results, including operating earnings that were slightly better than the midpoint of our guidance, despite the impact of mild temperatures on our distribution business. These results reflect strong operational performance and financial discipline across each of our businesses and I'm proud of our entire team. In fact, their efforts have now led to eight straight quarters of meeting or exceeding the midpoint of the operating earnings guidance we provided to investors. While Jim will provide more detail, our stronger second quarter results primarily reflect the impact of new rates that went into effect early this year in eight of our utilities and higher transmission earnings related to our Energizing the Future program. Clearly, the groundwork and investments we are making in our regulated businesses over the last several years are paying off. Now I'll spend a few minutes talking about our regulated businesses and provide an update on our efforts to exit commodity-exposed generation. Then we'll turn the call over to Jim for a more thorough review of our financial results. Let's start with our transmission business. As we announced last quarter, in March, FERC accepted the formula transmission rates for both JCP&L and our Mid-Atlantic Interstate Transmission subsidiary known as MAIT. These rates went into effect on June 1 and July 1, respectively, subject to refund pending the outcome of the hearing and settlement procedures. With MAIT in place, we are planning more than $600 million in transmission projects through 2018 that are designed to enhance service reliability for our customers in the Penelec and Met-Ed service territories. This includes more than 330 projects to modernize or replace transmission lines, incorporate new, smart technology into the grid, and outfit dozens of electric substations with new equipment, digital communications and enhanced security features. In addition to the many small projects, this effort includes a $64 million upgrade to an existing 25-mile 230-kV line in our Penelec territory in north-central Pennsylvania and a $40 million rebuild of an existing 20 million (sic) 20-mile (4:31), 115-kV transmission line in Bradford County, Pennsylvania. As you'll recall, the majority of our initial investment in Energizing the Future was focused in ATSI, which covers our Ohio and part of our western Pennsylvania service territories. Now we are pleased to expand these grid modernization and reliability investments to the east. Turning to our distribution business. As I mentioned, quarter-over-quarter results improved due to new rates that went into effect in Ohio, New Jersey and Pennsylvania in January. These helped to offset the impact of a very temperate spring, which included the mildest April temperatures we have ever recorded. In the industrial class, we experienced our fourth consecutive quarter of load growth, driven largely by the shale gas, steel, coal mining and chemical industries. The mild weather we have experienced across our system during the first half of the year had an $0.08 per share unfavorable impact versus the normal weather that is assumed in our operating earnings guidance. However, based on the trends we are seeing, we believe the full year load growth is likely to be slightly better than our initial forecast. If this plays out, we expect the load improvements in the second half of 2017 to offset the impact of mild temperatures in the first half of the year. We are optimistic about the trends we are seeing in our distribution business and pleased with the continued progress of our Energizing the Future initiative. Together, we believe these regulated growth strategies are positioning our company for sustained customer service-oriented growth. I don't want to skip over the results for our competitive business. Again, Jim will provide more detail, but I want to congratulate the teams at Perry and Beaver Valley Unit 2, which both had extremely successful refueling outages. Both units had 29-day outages and for Perry, it was the shortest in the plant's history. We are pleased to see the strong operational performance from these important assets. Staying with the competitive business, I will also note that FES achieved an uptick in direct retail sales this quarter, resulting from the acquisition of several new large commercial and industrial customers in Ohio. The addition of these new customers is in line with FES' retail sales plan, which focuses on conservatively hedging its expected generation, while managing potential cash collateral needs. Despite conservative operations, this remains a volatile business and we continue working to exit commodity-exposed generation. So, let's switch gears and review our efforts towards that objective. We've made a lot of progress since we announced our strategic review of this business back in November. From the beginning, we have been focused on seeking solutions that are in the best interest of all constituents, including shareholders, creditors, employees, customers, and the communities where these plants are located. First, we continue to make progress on our negotiations for the sale of gas and hydro assets owned by Allegheny Energy Supply. As you'll recall, we entered into an agreement for the sale in January. In June, FERC granted approval of the transaction. However, the terms of the agreement have continued to evolve. The parties are exploring alternative structures in terms of pricing and closing. Based on current discussions and reflecting the impact of prevailing market conditions, CES recorded a $0.19 per share non-cash impairment charge in the second quarter. We are targeting to close the transaction with revised terms in the second half of the year. In West Virginia, our Mon Power utility is working through the regulatory process to complete the purchase of Allegheny Energy Supply's 1,300-megawatt Pleasants plant. We responded to our recent FERC request for additional information, and we expect final approval from the West Virginia Public Service Commission and FERC by early 2018. When these two transactions are complete and we pay off all remaining long-term debt at Allegheny Energy Supply, including make-whole payments, we expect to realize approximately $350 million in net proceeds. Let's turn now to a review of FES, where we also continue to make progress on other significant outstanding issues. In April, we discussed the settlement with CSX and BNSF on a coal transportation dispute. We remain engaged in settlement efforts with BNSF and Norfolk Southern on a second coal transportation dispute. The arbitration panel has declined the railroad's request to resolve certain issues before discovery and has set a trial date for June of 2018. We remain optimistic that a settlement can be reached. In addition, FirstEnergy and FES each have a fully engaged team of financial and legal advisers to ensure that both entities are well prepared, as FirstEnergy exits the commodity-exposed generation business. And in a recent development, we are scheduled to have discussions with FES creditors next week. Finally, we are closely monitoring the status of initiatives at both the state and federal levels. Over the last few months, more than 6,500 Ohio community leaders, citizens and businesses have voiced their support of the Zero-Emission Nuclear resource program, or ZEN. As we discussed during our last call, legislation was introduced in the Ohio House and Senate in April, which would help keep nuclear assets as a part of Ohio's generation mix. Similar to programs in New York and Illinois, the bills call for recognizing the critical energy security and environmental attributes of nuclear power in Ohio. In addition to engaging our communities, we recently held a virtual town hall to educate more than 100 legislators and key stakeholders on the potential benefits of this program, which would support Ohio jobs, economic growth and reliable and affordable generation, and environmental progress for many years to come. We will continue these efforts once legislators return from summer recess. At the federal level, we are looking forward to the release of the Department of Energy's study that was initiated by the Trump administration and U.S. Energy Secretary, Rick Perry, in April. The study is expected to address economic and security risks associated with the premature closure of the nation's fuel-secure base load generation as a result of regulations, subsidies and tax policies, as well as how well markets are addressing the inherent benefits of existing fuel-secure base load assets. We're optimistic that the final DOE study will be released soon and could offer solutions to address this national concern. And the FES board is closely following this effort, which is expected to help them determine the right path forward for FES. For now, FES continues to have access to the unregulated money pool. As of June 30, FES, its subsidiaries, and FENOC had net borrowings of $174 million from the money pool, primarily reflecting the satisfaction of the June 1 bond maturity, lease and interest payments, as well as the initial installment on the coal transportation settlement. Our current expectation is that they will have no borrowings by March 2018, even after funding capital expenditures and nuclear fuel. Last night, we updated full year 2017 GAAP earnings estimate to $1.95 to $2.25 per share, primarily to reflect the additional asset impairment charges related to the pending sale of the gas and hydro units. We also reaffirmed our operating earnings guidance of $2.70 to $3 per share, and provided third and fourth quarter guidance ranges. Again, I am pleased with our progress on both our regulated growth initiatives and the significant progress we have made over a very short period to exit commodity-exposed generation in a timely, yet thoughtful manner. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Thanks, Chuck, and good morning, everyone. As Chuck said, we reported solid second quarter results that were slightly better than the midpoint of our operating earnings guidance, with another very strong quarter with respect to operational performance across the company. Our GAAP results of $0.39 per share include an impairment charge of $0.19 per share related to the current discussions with the buyer for the Allegheny Energy Supply asset sale, which Chuck discussed earlier. Operating earnings were $0.61 per share in the quarter. As I walk through each segment, I'll remind you that detailed information about the quarter can be found in the consolidated report to the financial community, which is posted on our website. In our distribution business, new Ohio, New Jersey and Pennsylvania rates that went into effect in January raised second quarter earnings by $0.20 per share. Weather was extremely mild across our service area with heating degree days 30% lower than the same period of 2016 and 24% below normal. This drove a 0.7% decrease in total distribution deliveries, with sales to residential customers decreasing 4.6% and commercial deliveries down 1.5%. We have now marked four consecutive quarters of growth in the industrial sector, and on a weather-adjusted basis, total distribution deliveries across all segments increased 1% in the second quarter of 2017 compared to the second quarter of 2016. We are hopeful that these positive trends will continue as the economy improves in our footprint. In our transmission business, second quarter earnings benefited from higher revenues resulting from our continued investment in the Energizing the Future program. At corporate, our second quarter results also reflect higher interest cost and impact of the effective income tax rate. Turning to the competitive business, commodity margin continues to reflect the lower capacity revenues related to the weaker prices that went into effect last June, as well as the expected decrease in retail sales, which were down 2.2 million megawatt hours. This was partially offset by lower depreciation expense related to the asset impairments recorded last year. Consistent with our expectations, the total retail customer count is now about 850,000, which is down from 1.5 million a year ago. We are reaffirming 2017 adjusted EBITDA of $405 million to $475 million for the competitive business and currently expect to come in at the high end of that range. We have also increased the 2018 adjusted EBITDA range to $140 million to $260 million, from $130 million to $250 million, reflecting additional committed contract sales. Before I move to questions, I want to add a note about how pleased we were with our $3 billion debt offering in June. This transaction eliminated a new near-term debt maturity by refinancing FirstEnergy Corp.'s $650 million bond expiring March of 2018 with the remainder reducing FirstEnergy Corp.'s revolver borrowings, resulting in stronger corporate liquidity and reducing our exposure to rising interest rates. This was the largest non-M&A debt deal in the history of the utility industry. Frankly, we were overwhelmed by investor interest. At one point, we understand the order book was over $15 billion. We thank you for your interest and your support. Again, we are pleased with the performance across our company and the strong results of the first half of the year. We are fully focused on meeting our commitments to the investment community and executing our regulated growth strategy. Now let's take your questions.
Operator: At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yes, thank you. Good morning.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hey, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, Chuck. So, the interesting new wrinkle here is your first meeting with creditors at FES, which I think you said today, you have had no discussions. So, maybe you could give a little more color on why that meeting is happening now and who instigated it, and just why now, why not before, why not later?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, I can't provide a lot of color, but I think I can say this, Steve, that I think we always knew that somewhere along the line, this engagement with creditors was going to happen. I think the color about why now is, I think it, number one, I think took the creditors to get organized around what they might want to approach with, and our FES team got a call from a group that, at least, preliminarily says they represent more than 80% of the creditors, and they outlined a formula for a potential discussion that was interesting enough that FES decided it was worth pursuing. I will be engaged in that discussion because, obviously, the creditors are interested in talking about what FirstEnergy might be willing to do to get this settled also. So, beyond that, I think we always knew this was going to happen at some point in time. I think it is clearly the preferred route if we end up in a bankruptcy proceeding with FES to do it through a structured settlement that all parties are comfortable with. So, we need to – we just need to start those discussions and see them through to the end and see what comes out of them. And beyond that, I think it's pretty clear, we're not going to negotiate with creditors in the public venue, so the types of things we're talking about, they're going to morph and we'll just have to communicate it at the end when we know the results.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then just on the DOE, do you have any update on timing of when you expect that?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, I was just down in Washington the last two days and I heard a joke and the joke that I heard was, when you – what do you call a federal study that's supposed to take 60 days that takes 120 days? And the answer is, early. So, I think I can tell you this, the people inside the Department of Energy are taking this mission very seriously. They got reams of data submitted to them, reams of studies submitted to them. They are working through all that. I am confident that they are doing it as diligently as possible. I think the Secretary's assignment to do this within 60 days was very ambitious given the complexity of these issues. But having said that, I think they're probably getting close to wrapping it up, and I would expect – I expect something probably in the next couple weeks to come out of there.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then one last question, the utility net of parent guidance that you have given for the company, I know it goes back, I think, to EEI for the next several – for several years. Obviously, not refreshing the whole thing, but just overall, is that still kind of the ballpark view for the utility net of parent, excluding it?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yeah. I don't think that's changed at all, Steve, from what we gave you there.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: All right.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hey, Stephen.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Just to follow up on Steve's question with respect to the discussions with creditors, is this a process that you would – I guess, I'm thinking about that in relationship to a potential Chapter 11 filing. Is that a dialogue you'd like to sort of play out before you would consider a formal Chapter 11 filing, or is it – how would the two sort of interplay with each other?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, as I said earlier, I think we always knew that there would come a point in time where we would be having these discussions with creditors. I think it would be in everybody's best interest if we can come up with a mutually agreeable way to deal with the issues that exist at FES. It's far too early to speculate as to whether we're going to be able to do that or not. But I can tell you this, the discussion they had with FES was intriguing enough that we're willing to sit down and talk about it and we just have to let it play out.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Totally understood, okay. And then just on the DOE study, I think a lot of people feel that the most likely outcome there is for DOE to direct or request that FERC look at potential approaches to reforming the market to provide an arguable improvement in payments to base load generation. Is that a – how valuable, I guess, from your perspective do you see that in terms of your assessment of whether or not FES is insolvent? In other words, that would really kick off probably a very long process with a very uncertain outcome. Is that sufficient to sort of sway your take as to whether FES is insolvent, given that DOE itself doesn't really likely have a direct authority to make these payments? How do you feel about sort of the involvement of FERC in the process?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, let me clear up a couple of things. May have left an impression on the last call that we're waiting on this in some fashion. We are moving forward with everything that needs to be done to exit the commodity-exposed generation business in a prudent, thoughtful manner. And now, the next step in that process is engaging with the FES creditors to see if there's a way to expedite that process and obviously if we can, that will probably be the most expeditious way to get out of that business. I continue to think, though, it's prudent for us to see what the DOE says and where they might go, and how serious of a problem they think this is. I mean – and it could range from them saying the markets are fine and everything's working great to – we have a very serious national security, fuel diversity, fuel security issue and we need to do something immediately. I don't know where it's going to come out and I'm not going to speculate about how the FES board will react depending on what that is. So, that's the other point I want to make. The decision to move forward with FES, one of the things we needed to do was create that separation. We have an independent board and an independent group of officers that are now making the decisions for FES. I am not making those decisions anymore. And they will evaluate what comes out of the DOE study, in the context of where they're at with this entire process to exit and they will be the ones that decide. But it can be such a wide range, we're within a couple weeks. When we know what we know, then I think that's when we're in a position to comment about what they said and what they think the future might look like.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's very clear. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Thank you. Just to sort of follow up on the DOE, just – we've already seen some efforts on the part of FERC to sort of help out base load generation. Clearly, there has been identification of it. They've had a technical conference. I'm just wondering, what specifically do you envision, I guess, the DOE study doing practically to sort of change the trajectory at FERC or to speed it up or what have you? Do you follow what I'm saying?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, maybe the best way to answer that is, I've spent a lot of time down in D.C. talking to everybody that will listen to me, so why don't I just tell you what I've been telling everybody. I've been telling everybody, I think our country is heading for a disaster, okay? The disaster could take a number of different forms. One disaster could be a national security type of issue. We are taking the most sophisticated bulk electric system that exists anywhere in this world and putting it on top of a bulk gas system that is very unsophisticated and that sets up security risks if there were ever an attack on that bulk gas system, it does not have the redundancy that the bulk electric system has. Since the blackout in 2003 under NERC's guidance, we have built extreme redundancy into how we operate that bulk electric system. None of that matters if the gas quits flowing, and we are reducing the amount of fuel-secure base load generation we have to keep the lights on in the event of that type of an event. Second, I think we could be heading for an economic disaster. We are getting to where we are relying too much on one fuel source for the generation of electricity, and I think fuel diversity is critical to keeping economic stability. With where gas is priced now, if anything happens to cause that gas price to go up again and create a volatility in the gas markets, the volatility in electric markets is going to be so great that I don't think industry in our country is going to be able to tolerate it. So, there's an economic crisis that we're facing. And when these assets close, they close forever. They do not get reopened. So, that is why the State of New York stepped in and said, we need to do something to take care of our assets. That's why the State of Illinois stepped in and said, we need to do something. Ohio is looking at it, Connecticut is looking at it, New Jersey is looking at it, and I tell them, the federal government created this problem. It's up to the federal government to fix this problem.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Do you see the federal government taking action in the near-enough term to change the trajectory of FES and the potential for filing Chapter 11?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I just said earlier, I'm not going to speculate on what they're going to say and what they're going to do. I think we're going to know that in the next few weeks and then I'll answer all the questions that I need to answer once I know what we're dealing with.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I mean there's so many different things that could happen and this is kind of the position that I've taken my entire time in this job. I get a lots of speculatory questions and I always say, listen, I'll answer questions once I know the facts.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Fair enough. And then just finally on the $131 million impairment, how should we think about those negotiations and what the ultimate impact financially might be with respect to this most – or this announced reduction – this write-off?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yeah. This is Jim. The way I would look at it is, there're ongoing negotiations we're having and I think the adjustment to the purchase price really just reflects the market conditions we're experiencing right now. So, that's the only way I'd look at that, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Do you see that changing at all, or I mean could that – in other words, if prices rebound that would change, or I mean how should we – let me ask you this, when do you think negotiations will be completed?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: We think that it will probably be done by third quarter, early fourth quarter, maybe, by the end of this year.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, thanks a lot.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yeah. I'm not sure when it will close, but the discussions should be done by then.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Praful Mehta of Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks so much. Hi guys. And I wanted to, unfortunately, spend a little bit more time just on FES, just to understand, from a risk perspective, if ultimately you're looking at it from an FE shareholder perspective, when do you think you'd be able to box the risk around FES in terms of the negotiation with creditors? Firstly, if you could give any ranges around what you think – what's at stake effectively, and then when do you think you'll have clarity in terms of providing certainty on how this process is going to play out?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, Praful, I said earlier, we're not going to negotiate with FES creditors in public. We have boxed already the risk that we think FES shareholders have to a bankruptcy – or FirstEnergy shareholders have to a bankruptcy of FES, and that hasn't changed since the last quarter. That's obviously going to be a key ingredient in any negotiations with creditors. So, beyond that, it's – we're not going to negotiate with creditors publicly and – but we're going to approach those negotiations clearly with an eye towards the impact on FirstEnergy shareholders, both in the short and long term as we move to exit this business.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Fair enough. And then just so I understand from a timing perspective on the ZEN, if this is all connected, right, in terms of the ZEN and how that fits into FES and the negotiation, if the ZEN takes time to play out, even though it's coming, it may come next year, let's say. How does that then play in terms of your negotiation, and does that extend the timing of how you think this – the actual process (33:10) plays out?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: No, there is no connection in my mind. And if we sit down with creditors next week and strike an agreement in one meeting and file that agreement with a bankruptcy court, I am going to continue to fight for this ZEN legislation because it is the right thing to do for the State of Ohio, it's the right thing to do for those assets. It gives those assets the best chance of running under new owners. I'm not sure those assets will run unless there is something done either federally or by the State of Ohio to ensure that they get a different financial return model, and that's bad. So, we're going to continue to work on ZEN whether or not – irrespective of what happens with FES. Don't even connect the two.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. So, if you strike a deal and then you get the ZEN later on, is there going to be like a value carve-out or some form of value that flows back to FE shareholders because otherwise that's significant value at that point from the ZEN, which shouldn't all go to the creditors, I'm assuming?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I would think it's unlikely that it's going to deliver enough value to overcome the amount that's going to be owed to creditors in a bankruptcy. So, don't expect any of that to flow to FirstEnergy shareholders.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Fair enough. All right. Thank you so much.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: But it's going to make these assets saleable by those creditors.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gregg Orrill of Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah, thank you.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hey, Gregg.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey. Two questions. First, what are you thinking about in terms of the prospects for ZENs in Pennsylvania? And then around the load growth, is there any – could you talk a little bit about – a little more about the strength that you're seeing there and what gives you confidence that that's going to kind of carry through the year?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, the prospects for ZEN in Pennsylvania, I don't even feel capable of commenting on yet. The dialogue is early. I think they've got other legislative issues they're wrestling with there, but I view it the same way. We will continue to support that discussion irrespective of where we're at with the exit of FES, and even after the exit of FES, because I think it's the right thing to do. I think the market policies are not working and it – how can you rationalize in a country like the United States of America that in one part of this country, we're spending billions and billions of dollars to build new nuclear plants, and then in another part of this country we're closing nuclear plants that are already built and have 20 years of useful life. These policies have failed and they need to be fixed and if they aren't going to get fixed by the federal government, then I think the states will continue to step in and fix them.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And on the load growth?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hi, Gregg. What we saw for the first half of this year was that – or the second quarter year-to-date is that on a weather-adjusted basis, our residential was up about 1%, and our commercial was just up slightly. Our rates and economic team, they've taken a look at that with customer growth and their view on the economy and they think the trend will continue in the second half with residential and commercial continuing the trend upward. From an industrial side, we've had the increase associated with petroleum and shale gas. We are seeing some negative results in the automotive sector, but at this point, I think, we are cautiously optimistic that we're going to see some continued trend upward on residential and commercial. And industrial, we think, will stay fairly strong with the exception of the auto industry.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. I just wanted to understand – just make sure I'm understanding the sort of government's aspects of what you're saying about engaging creditors and the two entities correctly. It sounded like there's already been discussion among creditors with FES, but now what you're saying is that FE, as in you, are going to sit down with them next week? Am I getting that?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yeah. There have been one discussion between the group representing the creditors and FES. And in that discussion, FES reached out to me to ask if we would be willing to sit down and engage in that process, and I clearly said, yes, we would be willing to sit down and engage in that process. And that first meeting's happening very soon. So, that's as much as I can tell you at this point.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. I just wanted to clarify that. And then, on – you made this comment that you've boxed the liabilities, and I'd sort of a two-part question on that. Are there other rail-type contracts beyond the two you've talked about? And would it – would you guys mind just sort of reminding us what these – what the boxed liabilities are that you've talked about in public just so we kind of got straight on the – what you've put out there on that?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yeah. Jim will cover all of what we've given you in the past about the potential exposure to FirstEnergy shareholders directly related to the bankruptcy. On the rail settlement, we disclosed a number in the first quarter of what we thought we would be in the range of to settle both of those contracts. As I said in my remarks, the railroads asked for an expedited process on the second contract that they did not get. So, that's now scheduled for trial next June. I haven't changed and we haven't changed our view on ultimately what we might settle for and we're working to try to still do that. So, those numbers haven't changed.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Those are the – there are two of these contracts and that's it? Or are there others that we just haven't kind of bubbled up to the surface?
Leila L. Vespoli - FirstEnergy Corp.: So, there's two minor companion cases, if you would, in federal courts dealing with BN. But at this point, we're very comfortable, they're kind of the same ones. The first one was wrapped up with the first settlement, the second – if we wrap up the second piece of the settlement, it'll go along with it.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Don't see any other exposure, Jonathan, than what we've communicated.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then if Jim wouldn't mind, just kind of reminding us the list that would be – that would help us.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Sure, yeah. We have a slide in the appendix of the quarterly highlights, but let me highlight it. We have some unfunded pension, OPEB and some other employee benefits, that's about $855 million. Rail settlements out there is about $72 million. We have these secured surety bonds as well as the secured credit facility, that's about $700 million in total and then we have some other energy contracts and guarantees, they're about $60-some-million. So, that's about $1.7 billion out there, of which $700 million is secured by first mortgage bonds.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much, Jim. Appreciate that.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: No problem, John, yep.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. A couple of questions. One just on the dry cask storage, I have to be honest, I'm not the world's greatest expert on this, how does that – if a nuclear unit retires early and if you immediately begin the decommissioning or SAFSTOR process, what is it you're exactly required to do that would take about $1 billion of spend to comply, $1 billion though spread over a long, long period of time, it seems like. Like, what's physically actually happening and then what's the process to get reimbursement from DOE? And have we ever seen anybody actually do that?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, I'm not much more schooled on it than you, Michael, so – but simply, if these plants are shut down, there is a process where you're going to remove the fuel from the reactor, you are going to put it into the pool inside the plant. It's going to be there for a while until it decays to the point where it can be safely put in dry cask storage. The process for doing that is a process where FENOC is responsible for as the licensee for those sites for the safe shutdown of those facilities. FENOC would fund that and apply to the Department of Energy for reimbursement and that's about as much as I know. We can get you more details offline if you need them.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hey, Michael, this is Jim. We do have a slide in our appendix that covers some of our nuclear facts, it gives you like some of the NDT funding, but we also have like a dry cask storage overview. So, I think if you go through that, and then if you have any further questions, we would be more than happy to jump on the line with you.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah, I can follow up offline. My biggest question was really the reimbursement by the DOE. Is there any precedent for that? I can do that offline. I actually want to ask a follow-on question, totally unrelated on the regulated side of the business. And it's really – when you look – Chuck, when you look at the cost structure, and I'm thinking non-fuel O&M, how do your utilities compare relative to the companies you would view as your peers?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I'm not sure exactly what you're asking, but when we benchmark our T&D O&M expenses, they benchmark very low across the industry, if that's what you're asking.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That is exactly what I'm asking. Okay. And how about kind of corporate-level costs or A&G-level costs?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Again, I think we benchmark very well. I mean, Michael, we went through six years of cost reduction initiatives across this company and that was in every part of this business. We have worked extremely hard to get as efficient at everything that we do, whether that was in the utility or the generation business, when we launched CFIP, that was several hundred million dollars more of costs that we figured out how to get out of this company. So, from a cost structure, we benchmark very well pretty much across the board now. We have individual pockets where a given corporate area, we've got room to improve and we've identified those and we're working on them. But in general, we're top quartile or top decile, pretty much across the board in all that benchmarking.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you, Chuck. Much appreciated guys.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell of Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Hey, good morning, Chuck. Just quickly, do you think an outcome from the DOE, whether it's supportive or not supportive, would help the likelihood of getting a ZEN passed in Ohio?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I think there's the potential that depending on what DOE says, it could wake up some of the legislators who aren't necessarily seeing the future concerns. So, I would say, yeah, I mean, it's possible, but we're actively working the ZEN legislation in Ohio and that's our job to go out and one by one convince these legislators that this is good for the state and they should vote for it. And that's what we're doing. If something comes out of the DOE study that we can take to those meetings and use, we're definitely going to use it.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning. At what point do you envision putting FES into disc ops? What do you have to cross to do that?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: It would probably be, at the time, if there was a restructuring and we had to deconsolidate FES, it would be at that point in time, it wouldn't be before then.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski of Macquarie. Please proceed with your question.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. So, just on the core business for FE, the regulated utility. So, you talked about the cost structure, how about the investment structure and your asset – in your regulated assets and the ways to fund it. We're hearing from Ohio that the strain of your balance sheet has prevented you from investing in some of your distribution assets. We're still waiting for equity to be issued. So, can we talk about how you envision the growth in your core business, largely regardless of what happens with FES?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, yeah, Angie, so what we've talked about is a growth of our T&D business in the range of 4% to 6%. Some of that is going to be choppy because you have to have rate cases to recover those investments. But much of it is through transmission formula rates now, much of it is through a range of different distribution recovery mechanisms, in particular, in Ohio and Pennsylvania. So, we're still looking in that range of 4% to 6% annual growth. That doesn't mean it's going to be that every single year. It means one year might be 8% and the next year might be 2%, and so forth because of just the way some of these things happen. But that hasn't changed. The ability to finance it, I think we've communicated, we're going to be issuing some equity over the next few years and I've answered that question repeatedly since moving into this position now almost three years ago. We got lots of questions about why not issue equity quickly, and my answer was, I think equity is intended for growing the company, not to work your way out of a difficult position financially. I think we worked our way out of that difficult position in the right way by cutting more costs, by getting more efficient in everything that we do and got to a position to where now we have the ability to invest going forward and I have no embarrassment about saying, we're going to use equity for part of that growth. That's what it's intended for. When we look at transmission, in particular, because we're now four years and $4.2 billion into that, it's getting to a point where it funds a lot of that itself. So, I think we're poised to move forward, we're sticking to the 4% to 6% growth rate for now. When we're done with this exit of commodity-exposed generation, then we'll talk about it at that point in time to see where we're at.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: I'm just asking because you said that you guys didn't benchmark yourself against lot of T&D operations on the cost perspective, but if you just look at your rate base per customer, I know it's a simplistic measure, it does seem like your distribution businesses are under-invested versus those of your peers in the same states, which, I mean, could be a function of the level of funding that you have available. So, I'm not trying to say to issue more equity to shore up the balance sheet, but maybe accelerate that distribution growth.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Angie, it's very complicated, but I look at it this way. We're going to spend money on the right things to serve our customers the right way and create the right growth for our shareholders, and that's a complex balance. Across our service territory, in particular, we've had negative or flat load growth now for the last eight years. And when you have that type of an environment, you have to be cautious about how you look at distribution investments because you've got no load growth to pay for it, which means then it's rate increases and it's rate increases across the customer base that we serve that quite frankly, every dollar that they pay in their electric bill is a challenge for many of them. So, we try to balance it all. There is nothing stopping us from doing more, but I also would say this, our reliability to our distribution customers in every state that we serve is near the top. So, we've invested the right way to serve the customers the right way. And as time moves on, what you're outlining is that means we have plenty of opportunity to do that going forward. On the O&M side, we focus real heavily on O&M because in the customers' bill, they pay that back to us dollar for dollar. So, the fact that we've reduced our O&M over time, and we don't – and you don't earn anything on it as shareholders, we just get that back. So, we've put ourselves in a position where we're making the right kind of investments, we've been very strategic about it in the right way where we can then move forward state by state and grow not just the utility earnings, but grow the level of service that we're providing to the customers at the same time.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes the line of Chris Melandia (53:29) of Wellington Management. Please proceed with your question.
Unknown Speaker: Hi, Chuck.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hi, Chris (53:38), how you're doing?
Unknown Speaker: I wanted to see how you're thinking about the company's credit quality and rating as you enter these negotiations with the FES creditors. I want to ensure or get a feel that this is of high importance as you enter those negotiations?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: It is of high importance and we have worked very hard to make progress there, and I don't intend to give it up.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Thanks for that.
Operator: There are no further questions over the audio portion of the conference at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back over to management for closing remarks.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: All right, well, thank you all for attending the call and for your questions. Look forward to answering more going forward as we get more information. Obviously, everybody is interested in this DOE study as are we. So, we'll know more about that in the coming weeks and then we'll talk about it later. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful rest of your day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Meghan Geiger Beringer - FirstEnergy Corp. James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp. Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. K. Jon Taylor - FirstEnergy Corp. Steven R. Staub - FirstEnergy Corp.
Analysts: Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Jerimiah Booream - UBS Securities LLC Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc. John Kiani - Cove Key Management Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Dylan Campbell - Goldman Sachs & Co. Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Christina (Ren) Van Het Hoen - Capital Group Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Kamal B. Patel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corporation First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host for today's call, Meghan Beringer, Director of Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corporation. Thank you, Ms. Beringer. You may begin.
Meghan Geiger Beringer - FirstEnergy Corp.: Thank you, Rob, and good morning. Welcome to FirstEnergy's first quarter earnings call. Today, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies and prospects. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risk and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the Earnings Information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on the FirstEnergy Investor Relations website along with the PowerPoint presentation which supports today's discussion. Participants in today's call include Chuck Jones, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Pearson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy, Regulatory Affairs and Chief Legal Officer; Jon Taylor, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Steve Staub, Vice President and Treasurer; and Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Jim Pearson.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Thanks, Meghan, and good morning, everyone. We are changing up the order today. I'm going to lead off with a discussion of our first quarter financial results and then I'll turn it over to Chuck for a review of recent developments and strategic updates. We are off to a very strong start in 2017 with solid first quarter results that exceeded our operating earnings guidance and were supported by excellent operational performance across the company. We continue to execute on our regulated growth initiatives and, as Chuck will discuss later, we are encouraged by recent energy policy discussions that could ultimately have a positive impact on the nation's electric system. Last night, we reported first quarter GAAP earnings of $0.46 per share, which includes a $164 million pre-tax charge related to two coal contract disputes. Chuck will discuss this item later in the call. First quarter operating earnings were $0.78 per share, reflecting strong results in all three business units. Before I walk through each segment, I'll remind you that detailed information about the quarter can be found in the Consolidated Report to the Financial Community, which is posted on our website. In our Distribution business first quarter earnings increased due to the impact of new rates that went into effect in January at eight of our 10 operating companies. As you'll recall, the Ohio distribution modernization rider and the new base rates in New Jersey became effective on January 1, while new base rates in Pennsylvania were put in place on January 27. Weather was unseasonably mild across our service area, with heating degree days averaging 8% lower than the first quarter of 2016 and 16% below normal. This drove a 1% decrease in total distribution deliveries, with sales to residential and commercial customers down 3% and 1% respectively. On a weather-adjusted basis, however, sales within both segments have improved slightly on both a quarter-over-quarter and a year-over-year basis, due primarily to growth in customer count. And we are very pleased to see a continued positive trend in our Industrial segment where deliveries were up for the third consecutive quarter as a result of higher usage in the shale, steel, and mining sectors. Turning to our Transmission business, higher revenues related to our ongoing Energizing the Future program drove the improvement in first quarter earnings compared to the same period last year. In March, FERC accepted the formula transmission rates for both MAIT and JCP&L that will go into effect, subject to refund, on July 1 and June 1 respectively. In the competitive business, commodity margin reflected the expected decrease in capacity revenues related to lower prices that began last June, partially offset by lower depreciation expense that resulted from the asset impairments recorded at the end of 2016. However, overall results for our competitive business exceeded our first quarter operating earnings forecast, primarily due to lower-than-expected planned outage and contractor cost. The total customer count for the competitive business is now about 920,000, down from 1.6 million a year ago and 1.1 million in January, consistent with our expectations. As we mentioned in February, we expect contract sales totaling 40 million to 45 million megawatt hours this year, with the remainder sold into the spot market. We are reaffirming 2017 adjusted EBITDA of $405 million to $475 million for the competitive business and have increased 2018 adjusted EBITDA range to $130 million to $250 million. Again, we are pleased with the performance across our company and the positive start to 2017. We remain focused on meeting our commitments to the investment community and executing the regulated growth strategy we have outlined. Last night, we provided a second quarter GAAP earnings forecast of $0.54 to $0.64 per share, with operating earnings guidance of $0.55 to $0.65 per share. For the full year of 2017, we have updated our GAAP earnings forecast to $2.17 to $2.47 per share from the previous range of $2.47 to $2.77 per share, primarily to reflect the charge I mentioned earlier. On an operating earnings basis, we are reaffirming our 2017 guidance of $2.70 to $3 per share. Now I'll turn the call over to Chuck.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. As Jim indicated, I'm going to focus some of the recent developments related to our transition to a regulated company and our goal of exiting commodity-exposed generation by mid-2018. Overall, I am pleased with our progress on this effort and we're glad to have one of the significant open items resolved. On Wednesday, we announced the outcome of the arbitration decision in the first of two coal transportation contract disputes. In that case, our generation subsidiary reached a settlement in principle with CSX and BNSF for $109 million payable in three annual installments beginning next month and guaranteed by FirstEnergy. In addition to this settlement, we are in active settlement discussions with BNSF and NS on the remaining contract that is in litigation. The potential settlements would put a significant risk to FES and FirstEnergy behind us. I'll also note that absent these settlements, under accounting rules, we would have been required to take a significant charge this quarter based on the probable outcome of the damage hearings, which would have impacted both FES and FirstEnergy. We also continue to move forward with our other strategic alternatives for our competitive business. As we discussed in the fourth quarter call, we entered into an agreement in January to sell 1,572 megawatts of Allegheny Energy Supply's gas and hydroelectric generation for $925 million in an all-cash deal. We hope to close this transaction in the third quarter, subject to regulatory approvals and consents from third parties. We also entered into a $40 million agreement earlier this month to sell a portion of the real property and certain assets at the former Hatfield's Ferry Power Station in Masontown, Pennsylvania for the development of a 1,000 megawatt combined-cycle natural gas facility. The sale is expected to close in the third quarter of 2018, subject to various closing conditions. Allegheny Energy Supply will continue to own the remaining Hatfield plant facilities and property. In West Virginia, following a competitive RFP process and recommendation from an independent consultant, our Mon Power utility entered into an asset purchase agreement to acquire the 1,300 megawatt Pleasants Power Station from Allegheny Energy Supply. At a cost of $195 million or $150 per kilowatt, this option was found to be the lowest cost solution to meet a steadily increasing capacity shortfall in our West Virginia service territory. The transfer is subject to approval from both the West Virginia Public Service Commission and FERC. Hearings are scheduled at the Public Service Commission with an order from the Commission expected by year-end. FERC approval is also expected in the fourth quarter. You will recall that Mon Power has issued a second RFP seeking to sell its interest in the Bath County Pumped Storage Project, but we will not be moving forward with that proposed sale at this time. In addition to these initiatives, we are closely monitoring two important new developments at the state and federal level. On the legislative front, bills were introduced in both the Ohio House and Senate this month that could help keep nuclear assets as part of Ohio's generation mix. The Zero Emission Nuclear Resource Program, or ZEN, is intended to recognize the critical energy security environmental attributes of nuclear power plants in Ohio by compensating them on a per-megawatt-hour basis. This is similar to the programs already in place in New York and Illinois, as well as legislation recently introduced in Connecticut. The New York and Illinois programs have extended the benefits of four nuclear power plants that were once slated for premature closure. ZEN has the potential to do the same thing for Davis-Besse and Perry, while supporting Ohio jobs, economic growth, reliable and affordable generation, and environmental progress for years to come. I had the opportunity to testify at the initial hearing on ZEN, which was held in the Ohio House earlier this week. Multiple hearings are expected in each chamber prior to summer recess, and we are working to get a bill on the governor's desk as quickly as possible. Finally, we are very pleased that the Trump administration has launched an initiative to address the national, economic and security risks associated with the premature closure of baseload generation in our country. As you may know, on April 14, U.S. Energy Secretary, Rick Perry, ordered a study to examine the overall value that baseload generation, including coal and nuclear plants, provides to the nation and ensure electric customers continue to benefit from a secure, affordable and resilient grid. Secretary Perry requested a plan by mid-June that evaluates the extent to which regulations, subsidies and tax policies have impacted the premature retirement of baseload power plants and whether energy markets adequately compensate the inherent benefits of existing baseload assets. We appreciate the administration's strong leadership in this area, and we are fully committed to supporting this effort. In light of the potential positive impact that either of these developments could have in the near term, the FES board has informed me that it plans to see how the Ohio initiative and the 60-day study at the Department of Energy play out. I believe this approach is in the best interest of both FES and FirstEnergy. Take a moment to review FES's situation. Based on the potential for the positive federal and state developments, FES will continue to have access to the unregulated money pool. As of March 31, FES and its subsidiaries and FENOC in aggregate were borrowing $50 million from the unregulated money pool. In addition, FES is forecasted to be free cash flow neutral through March of 2018. And this free cash flow neutral position is conservative as it reflects FES satisfying its June 1 bond maturity, lease and interest payments, as well as other obligations. With continued access to the unregulated money pool and the $500 million secured credit facility from FirstEnergy, which is currently undrawn, we have not moved forward with a parental nuclear support agreement that we discussed last quarter, but may do so in the future if conditions change. We remained focused on executing our plan to exit the commodity-exposed generation business. I'm encouraged by the possible developments and their potential impact. We should have a better indication of how these items will progress over the next several months. As Jim said, we're off to a good start in 2017 with strong operating earnings, solid operational performance and progress on our regulated growth strategies. And we continue working to position FirstEnergy for stable, predictable and customer service-oriented growth to benefit customers, employees and shareholders. Now I'd like to open up the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hi, Stephen.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Chuck, you mentioned that the FES board informed FirstEnergy that they'd like to wait for the Department of Energy review and for the Ohio process to play out. Maybe we could talk about Department of Energy just for a moment. I guess I'm thinking about what the range of possible support could be. And I guess I have some skepticism because DOE's authority is somewhat limited. It would require other agencies potentially to get involved. So, even after DOE comes back with a report, isn't there kind of a risk of either a significant amount of time for implementation, risk in implementation, and doesn't that have the potential to sort of drag out the process for exiting the business?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, Stephen, here's what I'm going to say about that DOE initiative, and obviously since it came out, we've had a lot of discussions and I've personally been down in D.C. and talked to people both at DOE and in the administration. To put a 60-day time on completing this is very aggressive. I think they view it as something that needs to be very aggressive because there are more and more closures of these fuel-secure baseload assets being announced all the time. So I think the administration is serious about this. Our Washington team tells me that this is a very serious initiative. I don't think we're in any position right now to handicap what they might do at the end of this study. But if their intention is to keep these fuel-secure baseload assets from closing, then they're going to have to do something to make sure that there's a financial incentive for these plants to not close. So I think it's prudent for us to let them do their work. It's clear DOE is focused on this. The Secretary was speaking at a Bloomberg conference earlier this week and talked about it there and the importance of this. And I'm sure this also clearly ties in to one of the President's key initiatives, which is to protect our coal natural resource and the mining and jobs that go along with that. So I think it's just prudent for us to see where that goes.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understand. And then maybe I could just shift over to the upcoming debt refinancing requirement at FES. What is the current plan in terms of how that would be dealt with?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, I cannot speak for FES anymore. As part of our process to move out of this commodity-exposed business, we have set up a separate governance process for FES. It has now an independent board. And while I may have the opportunity to answer their questions from time-to-time, the decisions are theirs. But I would say that, since they've told me they plan to wait to see this DOE initiative and they're in the money pool, it's likely that they would satisfy those obligations that are coming due in June 1 out of the money pool.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. So they could avail themselves of the money pool presumably. That's an option that's fair to say is on the table?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Correct. But as I've said in my prepared remarks, they will be free cash flow neutral this year, even after satisfying those obligations. So we're not exposing FirstEnergy shareholders to any additional obligation by waiting to see the outcome of this study either.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Understood. I'll let others ask questions. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie. Please proceed with your question.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. So, Chuck, but there seems to be a change in the timeline. And I understand that the DOE study came up, but I mean you have this June 1 maturity, there's been this discussion about the growing concern, question about FES. You've just extended an additional guarantee to the business. Is this purely on the back of the DOE study? Or is it that you feel that there's more of a chance to get the Ohio events in support of the nuclear plants? I mean, there seems to be many questions and changes in the strategy around FES as of late.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, I would just say this. As far as I see it, there is absolutely no change in the strategic direction that we want to take this company in. We do not want to be exposed to commodity-exposed generation any longer than we have to be. So let's talk about, just for a minute, the steps we have taken to move towards that. We announced the sale of 1,500, almost 1,600 megawatts of Allegheny Energy Supply assets. We're working on Pleasants. If we complete both of those by the end of the year, which I expect to happen, that's almost 3,000 megawatts less exposure to the commodity markets than what we had. We completed a major initiative with the banks at the end of last year to restructure our bank lines and position this company for this exit a little differently. We've engaged legal teams and restructuring teams and financial advisors on both sides of the company that have begun the process and are well along in the process to understand what may happen if a bankruptcy or restructuring is the only way for us to exit this business. But that is a very complicated process and we're working our way through it. That means we have to understand what is the implication for FirstEnergy shareholders on the FirstEnergy side, and that means the FES board has to understand all the implications that they need to deal with on the FirstEnergy Solutions side. That work is ongoing and it is not going to stop. I think many people assumed that the June 1 maturities would be a trigger. But given the position of FES this year with being free cash flow neutral, I'm not sure that was a good assumption that anybody was making in the first place because they need to be prepared and this company needs to be prepared before we take that step. And then the last thing I would say is I'm not sure it even affects the timeline. The DOE study is ongoing. It's going to happen quick. When we see the results of that study, then we may say it could affect the timeline. But just the study itself I'm not sure affects the timeline. So that leaves, I think, in the last piece of your question, Angie, was the guarantee that we gave...
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: The guarantee.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yeah. The guarantee that we gave on the rail settlement.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: The rail-centric – yes.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: And as I said in my remarks, that has been a huge issue hanging over our company since the day I became CEO. Every time I've met with investors, every time I met with the rating agencies, we have talked about it and it's had the potential to be a tremendous exposure. We found out that, at least on the first case, the arbitration panel ruled against us. And based on that ruling, we were going to be required, under the accounting rules, to book a significant charge around a range of potential outcomes of that settlement. I'll ask Jon Taylor to walk you through the details a little bit, but that number would have had a significant hit to the equity of FirstEnergy, not just FES. And so the decision to settle that for literally a fraction of that potential claim that would have had to be booked I think was a prudent decision for both FirstEnergy Solutions and FirstEnergy, and shouldn't be taken to mean anything but that, that we're trying to get a risk that's affected my decision-making, the FES board's decision-making, how the rating agencies look at our credit, and how you all look at our company off the table and quantifying it for you so you know what it is. That's all we were trying to do there. So, Jon, why don't you just take a minute and walk them through the accounting.
K. Jon Taylor - FirstEnergy Corp.: Okay. So, Angie, as you know, these were long-term contracts we had basically 11 years in dispute. And if you remember, we settled 2012, 2013, and 2014 for about $70 million per year. So, if you do the math, 11 years, $70 million, that's a big number. And that doesn't include escalations, changes in rates, and that type of thing. So the range could have been anywhere from $600 million to about $1 billion of exposure on a net-present-value basis. So, to get this settlement in place, if you take the after-tax impact of what could have been $600 million to the $164 million, you're preserving $300 million or so of equity. And that's just based on where we thought it might settle out based on discussions with counsel and those types of things. I mean, if it would have settled out on the high end, I mean you're looking at $600 million of equity that's preserved. So it was something that we thought was the right thing to do.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: And even if the FES board had decided to file to avoid the $109 million payments, that impact would have still occurred on the FirstEnergy books.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. And so the last question, so assuming that nothing comes out from the other DOE study but Ohio does come in and support nuclear plants, what happens with the coal plants within FES?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, let me give a range of outcomes I guess. If let's just say nothing happens out of the DOE study, they say everything's (27:00) fine, we're really not that concerned about these baseload assets closing anymore and they move forward. And then let's say Ohio decides they don't want to move forward. I would tell you it's pretty clear, there's only one other alternative left for the FES board to consider at least from the way I see it. Should Ohio move forward with approving the ZEN at its current rate and the plants run very reliably, that's worth about $300 million a year that would flow to those two nuclear units. That amount in and of itself I don't think is enough to necessarily avoid an FES bankruptcy either. It would be enough potentially for those assets to emerge from bankruptcy and for a reputable nuclear operator be willing to take them on and run them forward. And that is why the ZEN argument is most critical is to make sure those assets are available to the State of Ohio. And the attributes that they bring in addition to 4,300 jobs that support them, the environmental attributes, the fuel security attributes, and so forth. That's the basis of the legislation. I just want to say, again, we have not made any change in our strategy to exit this commodity-exposed generation business and become a fully regulated company.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Jerimiah Booream - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning. It's Jerimiah Booream. That was a great explanation on the $109 million there. Just wanted to be sure, crystal clear, are there any future obligations that could be guaranteed at the FE level associated with FES at this point that we know of?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: There's the $500 million credit line that, as I mentioned, FES has not drawn down on at all. And beyond that, we've talked about the nuclear support agreement. But as long as they still have the $500 million credit facility, they don't need the nuclear support agreement at this time. So, as of now, nothing that I know of is being contemplated.
Jerimiah Booream - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Makes sense. And then just a little bit longer-term. At what point should we expect a strategic update on kind of 2019-plus prospects more structurally going forward thinking about the company?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, we've got a lot to figure out over the next 6 to 12 months that I think is going to have an impact on that. So I would say let us get through this transition period and then we'll talk to you about what the company looks like after that when we're done.
Jerimiah Booream - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. That makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregg Orrill with Barclays Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. Just two questions. First, can you talk about the EBITDA guidance increase at the competitive business for 2018 and then about the other coal transportation contract you're in discussions around and whether you took an impairment related to that?
K. Jon Taylor - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hey, Greg. It's Jon Taylor. So the 2018 EBITDA increased about $35 million to $40 million. Most of that is just around the fuel rate. We saw $1 lower fuel rate as we worked through 2018. A lot of it's coming from just what nuclear fuel we're going to burn, timing of outages and that type of thing. So it's really just around nuclear fuel and other fuel costs.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: And your second question is, in our 10-Q, we did state that we are booking $164 million total for rail settlement. We're in active discussions with BNSF and NS on the second contract. But, as you know, the second contract hasn't been litigated yet even in front of the arbitration panel. But I think, as I said, they're active discussions and we wouldn't have booked that amount if we didn't have some feel of certainty that we can get it done in that range.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kiani with Cove Key Management. Please proceed with your question.
John Kiani - Cove Key Management: Good morning.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hi, John.
John Kiani - Cove Key Management: Chuck, I have a few questions here. Could you remind me of the history behind the DMR? I guess, it was originally a PPA for FES and what happened? And how it now became the $600 million DMR that we're benefiting from today, please? Thank you.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: John, it's going to take the rest of this call for me to give you (32:47)
John Kiani - Cove Key Management: Just high level, what the history was behind that? And how it was originally a PPA and then became this? So, just quickly.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yeah. So, obviously we filed an Energy Security Plan that included a PPA as part of it. That was approved 5-0 votes by the Ohio Public Utilities Commission I believe on February 28 of last year. And then was reviewed by FERC. And about seven weeks later, FERC determined that the waiver that we used for that PPA was not valid. And we went back to the commission in Ohio with an alternative plan. And they came back with the DMR, which is worth $200 million a year for sure three years and up to five years. And the rest of the ESP that we filed was basically approved and stayed in effect. The only thing that changed was the PPA got replaced with the DMR.
John Kiani - Cove Key Management: So the way to think about it is that originally the benefit through the PPA would have accrued to FES. And then as it evolved, it became the DMR where that $600 million benefit accrues to the regulated utilities instead of FES. Is that the right way to think about it?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Correct.
John Kiani - Cove Key Management: Got it. Okay. My next question, please, is have you spoken with the NRC about the Nuclear Decommissioning Trust at FES? And obviously you're working hard to get a ZEN in Ohio and there's some effort going on in Pennsylvania as well. But in the event that you're not able to get that for those assets and, hypothetically, if those assets then are shut in a bankruptcy or some type of restructuring or whatnot, who's going to be on the hook for the liability at the NDT? Because obviously it's fully funded today, but those assets have to be shut early, would flip from being funded to being under-funded by a substantial amount based on our estimates. So have you spoken with the NRC? And what are their thoughts, if you have, and your thoughts around an insolvent entity being the guarantor of such a liability, please? Thank you.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: So, no, I have not spoken to the NRC. But Sam Belcher, our Chief Nuclear Officer, has been in contact with the NRC and have had very transparent discussions with them about everything going on with regard to our competitive affiliate. With regards, specifically, to the new Nuclear Decommissioning Trust, if the event arose that these units would be shut down immediately and needed to be placed in safe storage, there would likely be somewhere around $120 million shortfall in the Nuclear Decommissioning Trust. The liability for that would be under the competitive affiliate. Now, how that would ultimately then be adjudicated, I can't speak to that, but it would be about a $120 million shortfall. And that's what would be needed to allow the fuel to decay enough that it could be put in safe, permanent storage.
John Kiani - Cove Key Management: Would you as the parent consider guaranteeing that in the event that FES is insolvent and can't cover that?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I do not see that as the responsibility of the parent.
John Kiani - Cove Key Management: I see. Okay. And then the last question is, have you all evaluated, and are you confident – have you evaluated the potential for – if all your hard effort and work doesn't result in what you need for FES and if there is a restructuring at some point, have you all evaluated the risk of veil piercing or subcon at the parent company?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, we obviously, as I said, have a legal team, restructuring team, financial advisory team working on the FirstEnergy side of this transaction that is evaluating all those potentials. We are not going to discuss what that evaluation might show or even a range of outcomes of what it might show. But clearly that's a big piece of what we're trying to understand on the FirstEnergy side of things.
John Kiani - Cove Key Management: Got it. So veil piercing or subcon are just difficult, complicated, obviously, things for you to figure out, so you just don't know yet?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: No. We think they're very simple and there shouldn't be any.
John Kiani - Cove Key Management: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hey, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Let's just assume that the DOE is going to find that coal and nuclear plants are important base of resources. I mean, FERC has pretty much already found that. You could say that the capacity performance products approval was based on this. I mean, we've certainly heard them verbally talk about it. I guess what I'm wondering is let's just assume that the DOE study says these are important assets and we don't want them to close. How should we think about the federal government acting, assuming such a study finding? What would actually – how should we think about that actually – what they might actually do considering we've already sort of heard this from the federal government before?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, Paul, as I said, I'm not going to try to predict what might happen at the end of this study, but there is a lot of discussion going on in a lot of fronts with regard to what's happening in our country with fuel-secure baseload assets. And it's clear to me, may not be clear to everybody, but it is clear to me that capacity performance hasn't solved this problem. Our competitive affiliate is on the verge of bankruptcy. It's got 8,000 megawatts of fuel-secure assets in PJM that are not getting paid enough money to keep them open. So I don't think it's working. FERC held a technical conference. They're starting to understand that maybe that it's not working. I think even PJM is now talking about the impact on the resiliency of the grid of these assets closing. And so I think there's a lot of concern being developed.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Chuck, I completely agree. I'm not saying that it's working. I guess what I'm wondering is whether or not they'd actually take steps to come to the conclusion that maybe something other than another form of capacity performance or whatever I mean, in other words, should we think about them basically going down the same sort of like market-based approach, which simply hasn't worked, or is there something else in which they – something more direct and effective might happen than some sort of additional stakeholder process for them to figure out some sort of market-based mechanism to fix it? Do you see what I'm sort of thinking here? I mean we've sort of been down this road where they say there's an issue, they're going to come up with a solution, and the solution doesn't work.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, I think that what they do if they decide there's a problem here that they need to fix has to be fast, it has to be clear, and it has to be transparent to those asset owners that it's going to be secure enough for them to keep those assets running. And how they do that? I can't tell you how they're going to do that. We are obviously working fast and furious inside FirstEnergy to develop our own ideas as to how that could happen that hopefully we'll get a chance to inject into the process at some point in time. I know that our industry group, EEI, is also working to see how they can get involved in this issue. But the real issue for me is I've gotten into it and that you have to read between the lines a little bit. But the Secretary has been very outspoken about the national security implications of allowing these fuel-secure assets to continue to close. And that's a big concern for me too, because we are moving to a place where the bulk electric system in our country, which is tremendously redundant, very sophisticated, is being placed on top of a bulk gas transmission network that is not robust, does not have redundancy, is congested. And any exposure to that bulk gas system then will expose the electric system also.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Fair enough. And just quickly, on the FENOC guarantee, you mentioned that you don't see in the near-term parental support. Can you give us just a little more color as to how the parent guarantee for FENOC might be employed?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, FENOC's operating license with the NRC requires them to at all times have enough liquidity to ensure that in the event that all four of those reactors were to have an issue and need to be placed in safe storage, that they have enough liquidity to do that. That was the whole point behind the nuclear support agreement. As long as they are in the money pool and they have this $500 million secure credit facility that is undrawn, there's no reason for a nuclear support agreement to be in place.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: But if there was no nuclear – if nothing works on the state level or the federal level, what have you, and FES goes into Chapter 11 or whatever, should we think of that FENOC money as basically being potentially an avenue for creditors to get money?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I would think not. I mean, that nuclear support agreement has – we would not agree to a nuclear support agreement that was there for any purpose but what it's intended to be, provide the liquidity in the event that all four units have issues that force them to have to be put in safe storage on an emergency basis.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I see. So economic retirement would not be one of them?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: No.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hey, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, Chuck. Just on the decision to settle the rail case, you mentioned the scenario where if you hadn't settled, you would have had to take this potentially large write-off at FE, which I assume would have been non-cash. Is there a reason that that would have mattered if it was non-cash? Would it have been like a covenant issue or rating agency issue? Because it would seem like, otherwise, I'm not sure why that would have been a concern.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hey, Steve. This is Jim. It would not have tripped any covenant. It probably would have impacted our covenant by about 2%. But, ultimately, it could have been a cash issue, depending on what the arbiters decided. In fact, there's scenarios where the decision could have made a payment demanded in full this year. So, from our standpoint, a settlement that is in the $50 million range on a cash basis each year for three years and not having to record that large equity hit, we thought that was the prudent thing to do.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Does that mean...
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: I think that – go ahead.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: It makes sense on the surface if you look at the cost to settle versus that potential liability. I guess, the one thing I wonder though is to the degree that FES is clearly separate and distinct from FE, that's really an FES cost, not an FE cost. So I guess my question would be why would FE commit the money to settle, if it's really an FES cost?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Again, the railroads wouldn't settle without it.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Okay. And then just on the kind of comment you made about wanting to get through the DOE and Ohio potential legislation that the FES board also wanted to kind of see this play out, can you just maybe end that sentence by saying, like, play out before what?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, I'm just going to be very direct here. I think there was an assumption made that we created this separate governance for FES with a sole purpose of moving towards bankruptcy. That is not why we did it. We did it with the understanding that a bankruptcy or restructuring may at some point become inevitable. That FES board is sitting there looking at a whole lot of things but I think, clearly, if there is something in the near-term that can make the picture for creditors better, it's prudent for them to look at that too. We didn't go into this with the idea of figuring out how to not pay creditors back what they loaned us in good faith. And I sit here doing the same thing. I look out for all of you as investors. I'm looking out for our employees and communities, but also sitting here saying if there's a way that we can do better by these creditors, I get paid to do that as a CEO, too.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: That makes sense. Yeah. One last question, just going back to the utilities. Just if we go back to the utility plan that you laid out at EEI, is everything pretty much on track with what you laid out there?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I think we're right on track.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Before we take our next question, there are several callers in the queue. In order to address all callers, we ask that you please limit to one question per caller. Thank you. Our next question comes from Dylan Campbell with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Dylan Campbell - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Morning.
Dylan Campbell - Goldman Sachs & Co.: For the inter-company credit facility between FE Corp. and FES, does the arbitration settlement trigger an event of default? We're just looking at the $50 million limit spelled out in your December 8-K filing.
Steven R. Staub - FirstEnergy Corp.: Dylan, it's Steve. It does not.
Dylan Campbell - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thanks. And then on your regulated business in New Jersey, do you anticipate filing to get infrastructure trackers and to facilitate more investment and energy efficiency in solar?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I wouldn't say anticipate. I think the outcome of our rig case last year in New Jersey, I think, puts us in a position to have that type of dialogue with the BPU, and we intend to have that dialogue with the BPU about their appetite for an investment program for New Jersey that will drive improved service and reliability for customers. And we'll see if we can do that. But I don't think anticipate would be the right way to say it. We plan to have those discussions.
Dylan Campbell - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Crowdell with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Two quick items; one is since now FES is going to wait for the DOE, does that maybe lessen the urgency in the Ohio legislature to get a ZEN approved? Because wouldn't it benefit the Ohio legislature to wait also for the DOE?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I don't think it should lessen any urgency on the part of the Ohio legislature. The whole point of the ZEN is you have two very important assets in Ohio that you need to protect for your state. If they're going to sit around and wait for the federal government, I'm not sure that's prudent on their part. The bills have been introduced. The hearings have started. I think they need to move forward with that.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: And just last, I think Beaver Valley, one of the units was previously owned by one of the Ohio utilities or took the output. Does the ZEN cover Beaver Valley or some of the output from Beaver Valley?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: The ZEN does not limit it to Ohio assets. Assets from outside of Ohio are eligible to apply, and then it would ultimately be, if the legislation's approved the way it is, up to the Public Utilities Commission as to whether or not they qualify.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks, guys. I don't mean to beat a dead horse and come back to Steve's question, but it troubles me a little that what would have been an executory contract that could have become an unsecured claim and a bankruptcy filing is now being guaranteed by the FE parent because that's incremental liability for the equity holder of FE. And how much more of that is going to happen as we think about the time vector between now and when a decision on bankruptcy or non-bankruptcy is made, which really goes also to the question John Kiani asked in that, like, what other hidden liabilities are going to move up to the parent balance sheet as we move through time here before we get to a decision point where you say we're not going to guarantee any more of these liabilities?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: So, Greg, as we were contemplating whether or not to do this parental guarantee, I completely understood that some of you were going to like it and some of you weren't. But that's pretty much what goes along with every single decision that I've made as CEO since I took this job. I thought it was the right thing to do for FirstEnergy to move forward with this and offer that guarantee. I said earlier, I don't know of anything else that's of this magnitude for sure or anything else at all that would require us to provide further support to our competitive business. It's free cash flow neutral throughout the rest of this year, doesn't need any support. And essentially, since the day I became CEO, we really have provided nothing to support that business. It's been running on its own and, conversely, when we initiated the CFIP program, much of the improvement in cash flow for this company came from that business and put them in that position where they didn't need any parental support. Now, we talked about the fact we've got a second contract that's not yet settled but, as I said, we booked $164 million total for the combination of both contracts.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. I appreciate the answer. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christina Ren with Capital Group. Please proceed with your question.
Christina (Ren) Van Het Hoen - Capital Group: Hi. Good morning. I just have a question about the $109 million settlement payments. Is that going to be paid in an equal installment over the three years? And then I know it says there agreed in principle. When will this be, I guess, finalized and what's the risk of it not being finalized?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, I wouldn't say it's going to be paid in equal installments, but essentially equal installments. There was some rounding to make it simpler. All three parties have signed a term sheet. So it's a matter of getting a definitive agreement in place. But I don't see any risk to that happening. It just takes a little bit longer to do that. But all three parties have signed the term sheet.
Christina (Ren) Van Het Hoen - Capital Group: Okay. Thank you.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hey. This is Jim. I want to say we have a hard stop at 11 o'clock and there's still a number of people on the call. So, if we don't get to you, the IR team will reach out to you to get your questions taken care of.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hi, John.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Sort of slightly different topic but also on FES. We noticed in the 2018 drivers that you're talking about nuclear fuel costs of $5 a megawatt hour and I think last quarter you were showing those as $7. What would account for what seemed like quite a big change?
K. Jon Taylor - FirstEnergy Corp.: Jonathan, It's Jon. It just was the timing of when some of the lower cost nuclear fuel was going to be burned. Previously, we thought it was going to be burned 2019 and beyond. But given some of the outages and the like, some of that will be burned in the second half of 2018.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. So there's a fuel inventory and timing of burn kind of thing.
K. Jon Taylor - FirstEnergy Corp.: That's right. That's right.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And may I just, Chuck, one quick thing on timing. When you committed to 18 months, you didn't know that we were going to have this DOE study and other things that the FES board now wants to wait for. So how do we reconcile that? Or is it – and how do you feel about that overall timing issue, given now some of these what look like delays?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, I need to clarify the difference between a goal and a commitment. Because what I've said is it's our goal to exit by middle of next year. I would never make a commitment because as we began down this path, all of the decisions to complete this exit from commodity-exposed generation are not in my control. But that remains the goal. And as I said earlier, I'm not sure the DOE study itself is going to take that off track. Now if the DOE study says, hey, we're going to do something and make these assets stay around, then I think we need to wait to see what that solution is before we make any final decision.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I don't want to put words in your mouth, but it seems like you are endorsing the idea that achieving that goal might be slightly less likely.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I'm not endorsing that.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you for clarifying.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: If the DOE study does what I believe it should do, then we will take a pause and see how that evaluates. But I'm not sure they're going to agree with me, but I clearly believe we are making a mistake as a country if we continue to let these fuel-secure assets close as rapidly as they are, both nuclear and fossil. And that's why the states are having to step up to solve this problem because the markets are not taking care of it. They don't reward the security and a lot of the other attributes that these assets bring. So we need to get this fixed as a country. And I applaud the Trump administration and Secretary Perry for getting this process going.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kamal Patel with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Kamal B. Patel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Morning, everyone. Looking at the DMR, I think stuff may have indicated that essentially to support the parent balance sheet and the overall utility balance sheet, it's a transfer of value from rate payers. How do you view the potential for $300 million in ZEN payments that the rate payers would take on? And what type of value are they receiving? Is there a implied value that you guys have estimated from keeping the nuclear plants open?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, that's up to the legislature to determine. The value is 4,300 jobs. The value is fuel security. The value is the zero-emissions environmental attributes that these assets bring. The value is the tax base that it brings to Ohio. The value is $510 million a year of impact on Ohio's gross domestic product that these plants bring. And Brattle just did a study that would indicate that it will also save customers $1.3 billion in their electric rates over the next 10 years if these assets are there versus if these assets are gone. So, that's the value that they have to quantify. The legislation has a cap of about a $5 increase on customer bills. So, that's the decision that the legislature's going to have to make.
Kamal B. Patel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks for the time.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Okay. Well, we're at the end of our time and, as Jim said, there's a couple more in the queue. Feel free to call Irene and her team, or they'll reach out to you. We'll make sure we get your questions answered. And a lot going on and hopefully we provided some clarity around our recent decisions. If you don't have all the clarity you need, follow up with Irene. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And we thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Meghan Geiger Beringer - FirstEnergy Corp. Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp. Leila L. Vespoli - FirstEnergy Corp. K. Jon Taylor - FirstEnergy Corp. Steven R. Staub - FirstEnergy Corp.
Analysts: Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc. Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. Larry Liou - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp.'s Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Meghan Beringer, Director, Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you, Ms. Beringer. You may begin.
Meghan Geiger Beringer - FirstEnergy Corp.: Thank you, Rob, and good morning. Welcome to FirstEnergy's fourth quarter earnings call. Today, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies and prospects. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risk and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the Earnings Information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on the FirstEnergy Investor Relations website along with the PowerPoint presentation, which supports today's discussion. Participants in today's call include Chuck Jones, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Pearson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy, Regulatory Affairs and Chief Legal Officer; Jon Taylor, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Steve Staub, Vice President and Treasurer; and Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Chuck Jones.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Thanks, Meghan. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. 2016 was a successful and transformative year for FirstEnergy. Our long list of significant accomplishments includes achieving the operating earnings targets that we outlined to the financial community, making strong progress on our growth strategy, and launching a plan that supports our transition to a fully-regulated company. During today's call, Jim and I will review our results and recent developments, and provide an update on the strategic review of our Competitive business. While we have a great deal to cover, we still expect to have plenty of time for your questions. For the year, we reported GAAP loss of $14.49 per share as a result of impairments in our Competitive business, and I'll discuss those more in a few minutes. On an operating earnings basis, we achieved results of $2.63 per share for 2016, which is in line with the revised guidance we provided in November, and for the second year in a row, higher than our original operating earnings guidance for the year. We are proud of the track record we are building to consistently deliver on the commitments we've made. Like to briefly outline some of our major accomplishments. First, we achieved outstanding operational performance across our company in 2016 with excellent results in distribution and transmission service reliability and plant operations. I'm particularly pleased with our very strong safety results. In 2016, our employees achieved the best safety performance in our company's history. This is the second straight year of setting a new record for safety performance, and I believe this reflects the strong safety culture across our entire organization. On the financial front, we contributed $500 million worth of stock into our qualified pension plan in December. Coupled with cash contributions totaling $382 million earlier in the year, this more than satisfies our 2016 pension funding obligations, and took pension funding obligations off the table for 2017. We continued our focus on costs through our cash flow improvement plan, exceeding the original targets we laid out with incremental fuel and capital savings in our Competitive business. In addition, we successfully restructured our credit facilities to provide the necessary financial flexibility to become a fully regulated company. FirstEnergy Corporation and our regulated subsidiaries entered into three new five-year syndicated credit facilities in December. These replace facilities that were set to expire in 2019 and increased the credit available to our 10 distribution companies. We've also had very successful results from our regulated growth initiatives. In our Transmission business, we completed the transfer of Penelec and Met-Ed transmission assets into our new MAIT subsidiary late last month, following approval from both FERC and the Pennsylvania Public Utilities Commission. While formula rates for both JCP&L and MAIT remain pending at FERC, we requested implementation effective January 1 and February 1 for JCPL (sic) [JCP&L] (5:38) and MAIT, respectively. We're on track for $1 billion in investments and are energizing the future growth initiative in 2017 with a majority of that spend taking place where we have formula rates. This is the last year of our initial $4.2 billion investment. In November, we announced the continuation of the program with $3.2 billion to $4.8 billion in transmission investments planned in 2018 through 2021. We also announced our plan to issue up to $500 million of incremental equity annually in 2017 through 2019 to help fund these investments. Turning to the Distribution business, we achieve resolution in several regulatory proceedings that will support continued investment in safe and reliable service for our customers. In Pennsylvania, we received approval of rates case settlements for our four operating companies with an expected Distribution revenue increase of approximately $290 million annually. In New Jersey, the approved settlement for JCP&L provides for an annual Distribution revenue increase of $80 million. And in Ohio, we will collect approximately $200 million annually for at least three years and up to five under the Ohio Distribution Modernization Rider. The new rates and the Ohio Rider all went into effect last month. The combination of successful outcomes in these state proceedings, coupled with our cost savings initiatives, has helped us begin improving our credit metrics. We achieved FFO to debt levels in 2016 which exceeded the minimum thresholds established by both Moody's and S&P. We also reengaged coverage with Fitch and they recently began rating all of our entities. In December, Mon Power issued an RFP to address the generation shortfall identified in its Integrated Resource Plan, along with a second RFP to sell its interest in the Bath County Pumped Storage Project. RFP for the Integrated Resource Plan seeks a combination of approximately 1,300 megawatts of unforced capacity generation and up to 100 megawatts of demand response. Bids were due on February 3. Then Charles River Associates in their role as RFP manager began assessing each proposal to determine the best combination of value and reliability for the customers of Mon Power. The assessment includes cost factors, such as the expected customer impact, capacity availability, environmental considerations, and acquisition costs; as well as non-cost factors, such as West Virginia's preference for in-state fuel sources, location and ease of integration. We expect Mon Power to announce the results of both RFPs when it submits its regulatory filing to the West Virginia Public Service Commission and FERC in March. Finally, in late 2016, we launched a strategic review of our Competitive Generation business to support our exit from that business by mid-2018. This very complex process is on track and we're very pleased with the progress we have made in the short time since our announcement. In November, FES brought on two independent board members and three new employee board members, who reviewed and authorized FES's entry into a new two-year secured credit facility with FirstEnergy that provides liquidity support through 2018. FirstEnergy and FES have both engaged legal and financial advisors to help guide this transition. We're working on separating FES from the unregulated money pool, and as of January 31, FES, its operating subsidiaries and FENOC, in aggregate, had a money pool investment of $2 million. At this time, FES hasn't drawn on the secured credit facility that is in place with FirstEnergy, but we would expect them to use that facility in the future. The decision to assess strategic options and our intent to exit the Competitive business by mid-2018 made it necessary to reduce the carrying value of certain of our generating assets to their fair market value, which resulted in the non-cash free tax impairment charges of $9.2 billion in the fourth quarter. I'll note that we remain in compliance with financial covenants in our bank credit facilities as the majority of this after-tax charge is excluded from our covenant calculations of debt to total capitalization. These impairments, together with second quarter asset impairment and plant exit costs, primarily associated with Bay Shore, Sammis Units 1 through 4, and the goodwill at our Competitive business totaled $16.67 per share. While these are not the kind of results anyone likes to report, writing down the majority of our Competitive Generation assets was a necessary step towards our exit of Competitive Generation, regardless of which path we ultimately take. And it's an important step to more clearly reflect our business in 2017 and beyond. We continue to assess and evaluate a number of strategic alternatives for our companies – for our Competitive business, including asset sales, legislative or regulatory initiatives for generation that recognizes environmental or energy security benefits, alternatives for our retail business and financial restructuring. In January, we announced an agreement to sell 1,572 megawatts of gas and hydroelectric generation for $925 million in an all-cash deal, with net proceeds expected to exceed $300 million after we repay debt and associated make-whole call premiums. This includes the Springdale, Chambersburg, Gans and Hunlock gas units in Pennsylvania, as well as the competitive portion of our Bath Hydro unit in Virginia, which are all part of our Allegheny Energy Supply subsidiary. We expect the transaction to close in the third quarter, subject to the satisfaction of a number of regulatory approvals and consents from third parties. We continue to explore options for the sale of our West Lorain combined cycle facility and the Buchanan natural gas unit. Otherwise, while the potential of additional generating unit sales or deactivations remains on the table, we do not expect near-term developments in those areas. In West Virginia, our Allegheny Energy Supply subsidiary offered its 1,300 megawatt Pleasants plant into the Mon Power RFP earlier this month for approximately $195 million or $150 per KW. As I mentioned earlier, Mon Power is expected to announce the results of that RFP next month. In Ohio, we have had meaningful dialog with our fellow utilities and with legislators on solutions that can help ensure Ohio's future energy security. Our top priority is the preservation of our two nuclear plants in the state, and legislation for zero-emission nuclear program is expected to be introduced soon. The ZEN program is intended to give state lawmakers greater control and flexibility to preserve valuable nuclear generation. We believe this legislation would preserve not only zero-emission assets, but jobs, economic growth, fuel diversity, price stability, and reliability and grid security for the region. We are advocating for Ohio's support for its two nuclear plants, even though the likely outcome is that FirstEnergy won't be the long-term owner of these assets. We are optimistic given these discussions we've had so far, and we'll keep you posted as this process unfolds. On a related topic, as you may know, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission typically relies on parental support agreements to provide additional assurance that U.S. merchant nuclear plants have the financial resources to maintain safe operations, particularly in the event of an extraordinary situation. In addition to the $500 million credit facility provided to FES by FirstEnergy that provides for ordinary operating liquidity needs, FirstEnergy is now working with FES to establish conditional credit support on terms and conditions to be agreed upon for the $400 million FES parental support agreement that is currently in place, benefiting FE Nuclear Generation. As always, the continued safe operation of these nuclear assets is of utmost importance and is consistent with our pursuit of environmental credits for the assets through a ZEN program. Moving back to our review of the Competitive business, I'd like to add that we may also explore the possibility of engaging creditors to restructure debt at FES. And as we discussed, there remains the possibility that FES and potentially FENOC may seek bankruptcy protection, although no such decision has been made. This initial phase of our review has been productive and we will continue sharing updates with you as we move forward. We remain committed to implementing our exit from Competitive Generation by mid-2018 to complete our transformation into a regulated company. While we're speaking of generation, we received numerous questions about Bruce Mansfield's operating status last week. So I wanted to clear up some confusion. First, the new dewatering facility is in place and it is working as designed. We have had some of the normal growing pains with obtaining the right consistency for the byproducts at the third-party disposal site; however, we are working with a contractor and believe we're on track to resolve that issue. All three units at Mansfield are operational, but they are currently on economic reserve due to low power prices, consistent with our normal dispatch strategy. Before I turn it over to Jim, I'll spend a minute reviewing our expectations for 2017. As we announced yesterday, we're raising operating earnings guidance for the year. This primarily reflects improvements at our Competitive business related to the significant reduction in depreciation expense resulting from the fourth quarter impairment, somewhat offset by advisory costs and the commodity margin impact of the proposed asset sale. Our GAAP earnings forecast is now $2.47 to $2.77 per share. Operating earnings guidance has been raised to $2.70 to $3.00 per share from the previous range of $2.55 to $2.85 per share that we announced at EEI. In our regulated businesses, we continue to anticipate a compound annual growth rate of 4% to 6% from our 2016 weather-adjusted base, or 7% to 9%, when including the Ohio Distribution Modernization Rider through 2019. We will seek incremental opportunities for growth in our regulated businesses in the next few years. Again, we have much to be proud of in 2016 from solid operating results to our operating performance, and the progress we are making towards our goals. In 2017, we'll remain fully focused on positioning the company for stable, predictable and customer service-oriented growth that will benefit customers, employees and shareholders. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jim for a review of the quarter.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Thanks, Chuck, and good morning, everyone. As always, detailed information about the quarter can be found in the consolidated report, which was posted to our website yesterday afternoon. We also welcome your questions during the Q&A session or following the call. As Chuck explained, the impairment of our competitive assets resulted in a fourth quarter GAAP charge of $13.54, and this drove our GAAP loss of $13.44 per share in the fourth quarter, and $14.49 per share for the full year. A full list of special items can be found in the consolidated report. Operating earnings were $0.38 per share in the fourth quarter and $2.63 per share for the year. As Chuck indicated, these results were stronger than our original estimates and in line with our revised operating earnings guidance. In our Distribution business, fourth quarter deliveries increased 4% overall compared to the same period in 2015 as a result of higher weather-related usage and stronger commercial and industrial demand. While heating degree days were 26% higher than the fourth quarter of 2015, they were 9% below normal, and this milder-than-normal weather impacted our fourth quarter results as compared to our guidance. Fourth quarter 2016 residential deliveries increased 8% compared to last year and were flat on a weather-adjusted basis. Commercial deliveries were up 3% or 1% when adjusted for weather. In the industrial sector, deliveries increased 1.8%, driven primarily by higher usage in the shale and steel sectors. This follows a similar increase in the third quarter 2016, and we remain cautiously optimistic about these positive trends. We are forecasting a 3.5% increase in industrial deliveries in 2017. Moving to our Transmission business, fourth quarter earnings increased by $0.02 per share due to higher revenues related to our Energizing the Future program. And in our corporate segment, results were primarily impacted by higher operating expenses and interest expenses. In our Competitive business, operating earnings were slightly better than our expectations. Commodity margin decreased due to lower capacity revenues related to the capacity prices that went into effect in June as well as lower contract sales volume. This was partially offset by increased wholesale sales, lower capacity expense, and a lower fuel rate, as well as lower-than-anticipated operating expenses. The customer count for our Competitive business is currently about 1.1 million down from 1.6 million. In 2016, our contract sales were 53 million megawatt hours with 15 million megawatt hours being sold in the wholesale spot market. On an annual basis, we currently have about 70 million to 75 million megawatt hours to sell, decreasing to 65 million to 70 million megawatt hours once we complete the gas and hydro asset sale. As we carefully manage our collateral exposure at FES in light of its credit quality, we are closing out certain forward financial hedges we made for 2017 and 2018. This will reduce the committed sales we have and increase our open position for spot sales going forward. As a result, we expect contract sales to total 40 million megawatt hours in 2017 and 2018 with the remainder sold in the spot market. Before I open the call to your questions, I'll spend a minute going over potential implications of some of the tax reform proposals that have been getting quite a bit of attention lately. We have been very engaged with others in our industry to work toward an outcome that would minimize any negative impacts. With ideas still percolating from the House, the Senate, and the President, it is too early to speculate on the details of an eventual tax reform proposal. But based on the blueprint that was released by the House last year, we can give you a sense of how that tax proposal might impact FirstEnergy. Any decrease in the effective tax rate at the utilities could result in lower rates for customers, which would flow through to our FFO given that we aren't a federal cash taxpayer. In addition, since we have about $8 billion of holding company debt between FirstEnergy Corp. and FET, the loss of interest deductibility would disallow approximately $300 million of interest expense, which would negatively impact earnings by at least $0.20 per share. Finally, with 100% bonus depreciation, we would not anticipate being a federal cash taxpayer in the near future. Again, we are working closely with others in our industry to educate Congressional leaders about the importance of interest deductibility for companies like ours. We do support sensible tax reforms which would ultimately benefit the overall economy and industries in our service territory, and we will remain focused on this important and evolving legislation. As Chuck said, 2016 was a very productive year for FirstEnergy and we are pleased with our progress on our regulated growth strategy. We remain committed to positioning the company for stable, predictable and customer service-oriented growth to benefit customers, employees and shareholders. Now, I'd like to open the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Mr. Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Good morning.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Morning.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Wanted to discuss the zero-emission approach in Ohio, and just wanted to think about that in the context of potentially seeking bankruptcy protection. Would a success in Ohio preclude the need for bankruptcy protection or would it more likely simply allow the nuclear units to continue operating, but might not impact your overall decision about seeking bankruptcy protection for FES?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: So, here's what I said in my prepared remarks, and I'll elaborate on it a little bit. I think that it is very important for the state of Ohio to look to the future and how they're going to provide for energy security, grid security, and not just from an electric perspective, the economic impact in terms of jobs and taxes and so forth that are associated with these two facilities. I've been very upfront with the legislators that I have met with personally to tell them don't do this for FirstEnergy because it's unlikely we're going to be the long-term owner operators of these assets. So now, your second question on how that might enter into a bankruptcy? That decision is going to be ultimately made by the FES board. And the FES board's going to look at what impact that has at that point in time. I think, though, it's very unlikely. You saw what we did with the impairment on the assets. That leaves the book value of our FES business somewhere around $1.5 billion and we've already communicated what the secured and unsecured debt associated with that business is. I think it's highly unlikely we'll get the value of that business to a place where the book value is greater than the debt. So...
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. That makes sense.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hi, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. So, first quick question here a little bit on the numbers. Just in terms of reconciling FFO from the Competitive segment relative to adjusted EBITDA, obviously, adjusted EBITDA going down. But the FFO numbers are a little bit higher net-net versus the adjusted EBITDA. What's the reconciliation there? And also can you discuss – I imagine the bulk of the FFO is at the FES side of the CES business. To what extent should we kind of consider that as kind of a proxy for the FES cash flows, minus perhaps a little bit for the remaining coal asset on the other side of Pleasants (27:22)?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Let me take a shot at that, Julien, a lot of questions out there. Let me talk about the Competitive segment free cash flow. Let me start with that. It's up a little over $400 million. And what's driving that is the asset sale generated about $815 million. But then when you get into some other components, increased advisory fees are reducing it by about $90 million. The commodity margin is down about $95 million. That's associated with the sale of the AES assets. And also the cash receipts at the Competitive segments are down about $180 million. This is associated with the gain on the sale. So when I take that to the FirstEnergy level, the FFO is down about $200 million from the original guidance. And that's primarily the advisory fees that we're paying of about $90 million, as well as the reduced commodity margin, about a $95 million.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And then just reconciling adjusted EBITDA versus FFO?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Okay. When you look at the adjusted EBITDA, again, it's impacted primarily by the lower commodity margin of about $95 million as well as the advisory fees that were $90 million. So, those are the primary drivers there.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Okay. Fair enough. And then, the 10-K references a February 24 decision here on the coal litigation. Do you expect to 8-K that and/or (29:16) any further rollout of data points after that?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I don't think it references a February 24 decision. It says that that's the end of the initial phase of the hearing on whether or not – or where the liability is going to fall. Following that, the arbitration panel has time yet to then make their decision on liability. And then following that, there would be additional time, if there is liability, to determine what that liability would be. So we're...
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Right.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: ...several months, at least, away from knowing any damages, if there are to be damages, and a while away from knowing what the arbitrators decide on liability.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Excellent. And just a last quick one, what was the earned ROE in Pennsylvania across the utilities in 2016? I know you disclosed it for 2015 here in the disclosures, but just to reconcile.
Leila L. Vespoli - FirstEnergy Corp.: As a result of our last rate case that settled, it was a black box, so there was no ROE.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. All right. Fair enough. I'll follow it offline. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Mr. John Kiani with Cove Key Management (30:44). Please proceed with your question.
Unknown Speaker: Good morning.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Morning.
Leila L. Vespoli - FirstEnergy Corp.: Morning.
Unknown Speaker: I'm trying to make sure I can reconcile the amount and add up the amount of support that FE Corp. is giving to FES, just wanted to see if I'm thinking about this correctly. Is the $400 million incremental – or additional credit support for the Nuclear Generation business that you disclosed in the K and on slide six of your deck, is that incremental to the $500 million secured revolver that you all put in place between the parent and FES and the $200 million additional credit support or LC facility as well? So, is the total $500 million plus $400 million plus $200 million, or how should I think about that, please?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: So, let's take the $400 off to the side here for a second. There is an obligation under our agreements with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to maintain $400 million of liquidity. That can be accomplished by liquidity or by a parental guarantee that we would backstop that liquidity. That is what we're working on. That would only ever be exercised in the event of an extraordinary set of conditions resulting in all four of our nuclear reactors being offline for an extended period of time. Other than that, it's an insurance policy to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, but there's not an opportunity for FES to draw down on that. And we're talking about three nuclear plants that are excellent operating nuclear plants. Well, at least, two that are at the high end and one at – I mean, they have run very, very well. So, the likelihood of all three sites and all four units being off for an extended period of time is very, very unlikely. But there is a requirement that we ensure that there is liquidity available under our agreements with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. The $500 million you know about already. And then what was the – go ahead.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: The $200 million, that was a guarantee on the surety bonds.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yes. So, those two are both additive.
Unknown Speaker: And that $200 million, is that where the LC is posted to the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection for Little Blue Run? Is that correct?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yeah, John (33:24). Yeah, that makes up about $169 million of the $200 million. That's right.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. And then, along the same lines of the nuclear support, in the hypothetical event of a FES or nuclear generation bankruptcy, who is ultimately liable for the Nuclear Decommissioning Trusts or any shortfalls or topping off that would need to be done at the – for the NDT? Is it FES? Or is it possible that FE Corp. could be required to guarantee it, because some of the licenses sit at FENOC? How should we think about that, please?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: So, at the time that that would occur, the Nuclear Decommissioning Trusts would be funded at an appropriate level. And as long as those assets continue to run, would continue to get funded through the useful life of the plants. Ultimately, where that ends up, I believe, and I'm going to ask Leila to help me here, will be determined through a bankruptcy process, if there's a bankruptcy.
Leila L. Vespoli - FirstEnergy Corp.: So, just to add a little bit more detail, it's licensee owner that would be responsible. In our case, that's our nuclear gen-co. Right now, the NDTs, given the license duration, is fully-funded. So, FirstEnergy right now is not responsible; it is the license owner.
Unknown Speaker: Got it. And then, one more last question, please. How should we just think about or how would the board of FES or, just in general, how do you think about managing the liquidity of FES and the June 1 putable maturity that exists? I think the business generates a lot of its free cash flow typically towards the latter half of the year, but obviously that maturity is coming up sooner than that. So, how do you think about paying that maturity off or not in the context of how the free cash flow of the business is a little bit more back end of the year weighted, please?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: So, in the context of the environment that we are operating in, that's not a question for FirstEnergy to answer. We have begun the process of separating FES and FirstEnergy when we put in place a separate board for FES. And that's a decision that the FES board is going to have to wrestle with as that date approaches.
Unknown Speaker: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning, guys.
Meghan Geiger Beringer - FirstEnergy Corp.: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just wanted to follow-up on John's (36:21) questions here, and I apologize for me being a little dense, but what is the total amount – the $400 million, you were very clear on, what – that's associated with all the four nuclear reactors being shut down. But what is the amount absent that that we should think about as being the parent's commitment to FES?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yes, Paul, I would say the commitment to FES is a $500 million secured credit facility and that's secured by first mortgage bonds as well as a $200 million surety bond, which is also secured.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Now, we have stated that FirstEnergy Corp. guarantees the entire amount of the pension and executive deferred compensation benefit plans, which we consider that, and always have considered that, an FE Corp. responsibility.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: How much is that again?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: That would be in the range of about $1 billion and that will change as the discount rates change as well as we make future contributions to the pension plan. And as Chuck said, we do not have any requirements to make any pension contributions in 2017. However, the period 2018 through 2021, we have about $1.8 billion of required pension contributions and about $700 million years thereafter.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: And aside from that, Paul, I think we've been very clear that we do not intend to support that business from FirstEnergy any longer.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then the $400 million associated with the NRC commitment, you guys are looking for ZECs, and I guess what I'm wondering is, what – that would suggest that some of these plants or some of these reactors are at economic risk for closure. Am I wrong? So, how should we think about the need for ZECs, and if that weren't forthcoming, the likelihood that these reactors might have to shut down?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, I can't speak for prospective new owners of these four nuclear units. But I can tell you this. Running nuclear reactors isn't something that just anybody can do. And there is a significant amount of capital risk associated with that business, depending on how these assets, if there's a restructuring or a bankruptcy, where they ultimately go, and who ultimately owns them. I'm not sure people are going to be willing to take on the risk of even the next refueling outage, which is very expensive. So, I don't think there's any guarantee, absent some other support for these units, that they're going to keep running far into the future.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Thanks so much for the clarity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks so much. Hi, guys.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hey, Praful.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: So, on the nuclear point – Hi. So, on the nuclear point, just wanted to clarify, clearly, as you pointed out right, it's not – there's very few real buyers for nuclear assets in the market. And if there weren't ZECs, it's very unlikely that somebody steps up. Is that a fair way of understanding it that if there are no ZECs, what is the situation you're left with at that point? Because if there's no buyer for it, are you going to hold on – are you forced to hold on to the assets, or how should we think of that?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I think you should think about it this way. And I said earlier, these assets are now valued at somewhere around $1.5 billion. And that includes the nuclear fuel that they own. The debt is significantly higher than that. Absent something to raise the value of these units and make them attractive to a buyer, there's only one way for us to exit this business.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: All right. Fair enough. Understood. And then secondly, I know that on the call you've mentioned some of the forward hedges of contracts that you had have been sold to minimize the support. Just want to understand, how is that treated? Like, is that treated as cash today? And is that flowing into EBITDA or cash flow? Where does that sit right now, the benefit of the sale of the forward contracts?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yeah. Any benefit of unwinding of those forward contracts would flow through. I think the key component is, is it reduces the amount of collateral that we were required to have outstanding. So, that impacts our cash. And from the end of the year until where we are right now, we've reduced our collateral requirements by about $70 million.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. No, I get the collateral requirement benefit. I'm just trying to figure out like just where does that sit, like, in your forecast or in your – is it in cash flow, free cash, but not in EBITDA, just so I understand where that does (41:45)?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: That's right. It would be in our cash flow. Any gains or losses associated with unwinding that would flow through to EBITDA, but that was not anything that would be material. Just the return of the cash would be part of our cash flow.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Mr. Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, guys.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hey, Jon.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Good morning.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I had a question on the tax reform slide. Firstly, I just want to make sure I understand the $0.20 number that you referenced in the second bullet. Is that discrete to eliminating interest expense deductions at the hold-co? And am I correct that there'd be maybe another dime or so of exposure just from the lower tax rate on the parent company drag, or am I thinking about that wrong?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: No, the way I would think about that, Jonathan, is we've got a little over $300 million in interest expense, and losing that 35% deductibility is about $100 million. And you divide it by your shares outstanding, that's how you get to the number we were talking about there. We did not try to quantify anything else at that point.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So, that was just the interest component of the parent company?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: That's purely the interest component associated with that. That's correct.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then as a follow-up to that, you obviously are flagging the risk to your FFO. Can you talk at all about potential implications given where you are on credit metrics at certain scenarios and maybe frame that a little more for us? And maybe what your priority responses might be if you needed to address it?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: So, Jonathan, over the last couple of years, I have resisted trying to guess about what the future might be. And I think this whole tax reform issue is getting a lot of attention. Obviously, all of my other peers have commented on it. Whether or not it even happens in my mind is a question and what version happens. There's a different version that the President has than what the House has and what the Senate has, and we haven't even started to really run all those issues to ground. I will tell you this. I've been attending EEI CEO meetings since 2001, and our industry coalesced around what the right answer for our industry is with regard to this, quicker on this issue than I have ever seen it happened. Several of my peers, who I have a tremendous amount of respect for, have already been to Washington DC to talk about the impact on our industry. And what they're trying to do with tax reform is inject money into the economy from a supply side to jumpstart this economy. Capital formation in our industry is not a problem. And this would actually have the inverse effect on our industry of what they're trying to accomplish. So, I think our representatives felt like they had meaningful discussions. And so, I don't think there's any reason for us to be playing Doomsday at this point with regard to FirstEnergy or anyone else in this industry.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Would your inclination be to step up capital spend, I guess? Really, my question is whether – because others have emphasized that as being an offset. I felt you're not really doing that. Is the balance sheet a constraint on going down that path, or do you think you would be playing that card, too?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: As I said, if you can tell me where it's going to end up, then we can tell you how we will react to it. But I'm not going to speculate about where it's going to end up or the impact it's going to have on what we do. I do think, obviously, if the House plan got accepted exactly as it's been promulgated so far, it would be a difficult issue for our industry to wrestle with.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: All right. Thank you, Chuck.
Operator: Our next question is from Mr. Gregg Orrill with Barclays Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes. Thank you. I was wondering if you could talk about the taxes a little bit in terms of – you're not a cash taxpayer. Would it be possible to provide some guidance around how much of the benefits come from the NOL versus the taking of bonus depreciation, or at least, mechanically, give us a way to think about how both of those are impacting the cash flows?
K. Jon Taylor - FirstEnergy Corp.: Gregg, this is Jon. As you know, we're not a federal cash taxpayer today. The federal NOL as of the end of the year was $5 billion. So, we don't anticipate being a federal taxpayer for some time until (47:17) 2021, 2022. With respect to bonus, we've been dealing with some form of bonus depreciation for the last 5 to 10 years, and it's just something that we'll have to continue to look at.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ms. Angie Storozynski with Macquarie. Please proceed with your question.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. So, just one follow-up. So, I'm look at your financial plan slide from the fourth quarter fact-book and compare it against the EEI financial plan slide, and there's a small change in the wording. You are skipping the word for FE Corp. from your commitment to investment-grade credit rating. Is that intentional?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: No.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. That's all I have. Thank you.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: We are committed to investment-grade credit metrics at FE Corp.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Just I'm trying to get a proxy in thinking about those core regulated businesses at FE. Could you talk a little bit about what you're kind of expecting for growth on the Distribution side after 2017 and kind of compare that to growth on the Regulated Transmission side after 2017?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: So, I would say, Michael, that what we're talking about is average annual growth for T&D of 4% to 6% per year. It would be ramped up a little bit in the earlier years because of the $200 million that we're receiving in Ohio. But obviously, that goes away at some point in time. And the way I think about it is this. We have numerous investment mechanisms through riders on the Distribution side of our company in Ohio and Pennsylvania, in particular. We have formula rates so far with ATSI and TrAILCo. And eventually, when we get another FERC Commissioner, we'll have one for MAIT and JCP&L. So, we have the ability to move those funds around quite a bit between T&D and from state to state, et cetera, et cetera. And that gives us a lot of flexibility to address some of the reliability challenges that we see on our wire side of our company. And hopefully, at some point, some of the load growth that we're going to see on the wire side of our company. So, I think you should think about it in terms of the combination of the two, because we're going to move money around. And I think, probably, in the very near future, we're going to start having dialog with the Ohio Commission on their grid modernization ideas. The extent we move forward there, that has the same return on equity as a transmission formula rate. So, that might move some money around there too. So there's just so many moving parts, I don't want to commit that it's going to be this for Transmission and this for Distribution. I'd rather just tell you, you can count on 4% to 6%. And as I said in my remarks, as we move a little bit farther down the tracks, we're going to look at ways to ramp that up over the next few years.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And just curious on the Transmission – actually, before I ask that one, I want to come back to New Jersey, because you brought up JCP&L a little bit. Some of your peers in New Jersey have very different rate-making mechanisms than what JCP&L has. Just curious, where are you in the process, if anywhere, in talking with interveners and with the BPU about being able to adopt some of those same rate-making mechanisms for JCP&L?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, here's what I would say. We finally got a settlement on a rate case in New Jersey for the first time in the 15 years that we've owned JCP&L. That was a tremendous accomplishment on our part. We've had a lots of issues over there with four horrific storms, with some reliability issues early on in our ownership of JCP&L, with some union issues early on in our ownership of JCP&L. I think the settlement on this case was a big step forward for us in terms of our relationship in New Jersey. We would not have been able to get that accomplished if we didn't have solid relationships with our local elected officials that are much better than they ever were, with the BPU, and if we weren't performing over there. So, that's all a good place to be. The paint isn't even dry on that settlement yet. It just went into effect last month. So, I think now is the time that over time we'll start having discussions with the BPU about what types of investments do they want to see and what mechanisms would they be interested in considering to do it. And more to come on that. But we're not having any right now.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you, Chuck. Much appreciated.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks, and sorry for getting disconnected earlier. Just had one quick follow-up on the pension obligation at the Competitive business. I think I saw in the appendix that the net impact was about $700 million rather than $1 billion. But I just wanted to check on the magnitude of the liability, essentially, that the parent company has for that pension?
Steven R. Staub - FirstEnergy Corp.: Steve, it's Steve Staub. It also takes into consideration the OPEB, which actually has a positive balance, so it nets out to about $700 million with respect to the pension and OPEB. And then, there's some other guarantees that Jim had mentioned specific to the executive deferred comp as well as some other small guarantees that add up to about $1 billion.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much. That's all I had.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Anthony Crowdell with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. Just hopefully two quick questions. One, it appears that if a ZEC does get passed in Ohio, it's – I don't know if to use these words, unlikely that FE would be the owner of these assets, would that change FE's – would FE's intention – would you be inclined to own a nuclear plant if they were rate based?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I don't see any possibility that they're going to be rate based in the timeframe that I've committed to you that we're going to exit this Competitive Generation. So, I don't even think we should even be talking about that. We are going to work hard on this ZEN legislation, because I believe it's the right thing to do for the state of Ohio. I believe it's the right thing to do for these assets. I believe it's the right thing to do for our employees that work at these facilities. And I think it's the right thing to do for those communities that these big, huge manufacturing facilities are resident in. So, we're going to do it for all the right reasons, even though it's not going to, ultimately, I don't think, have any impact to the shareholder value of FirstEnergy over the long haul.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Got it. And just lastly, a more housekeeping. On the fourth quarter – in fourth quarter results, corporate and other took a charge, I guess, for legacy coal plants. Any reason that was not at the op-cos?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Now, that...
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Go ahead.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Those are assets that were former GPU assets. They are those manufactured gas plants. So, they don't really pertain to any of the other segments. That's why we've decided to keep them there. In fact, last year, we had a similar charge, but it was not in the fourth quarter. So, we've just been recording it in that segment.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Okay, Stephen (sic) [Anthony] (56:04).
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc.: Thank you. Just a quick one on Transmission. You have a pretty tight earnings guidance range; $360 million to $380 million, yet there's a lot of uncertainty with respect to the timing and eventual outcome of some of these FERC-related cases and obviously with the vacancy on the FERC Commission. Does that range still take into account that uncertainty?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Charles, no, this is Jim. No, that range was based on having those rates go into effect January 1. At a time that we find out that something may be different than that, then we'll update that guidance. But what you're looking at is assuming that both MAIT and JCP&L go into effect at the beginning of the year.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc.: Okay. That's all I had. Thank you. Go ahead.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I would add on to that, though, that inside a company that's as big as ours, with 10 regulated distribution companies and the transmission footprint that we have, we have the ability, in the interim until we have certainty on how we're going to get our returns through MAIT, to move some of our capital plan around into other formula rates. And I am not excusing our energy delivery leader from meeting his earnings targets this year just because that's been delayed.
Leila L. Vespoli - FirstEnergy Corp.: And, Charles, this is Leila. One point of clarification. So, staff does now have some delegated authority. And if they so – chose to do so, they could use that delegated authority and put the rates into effect January 1, February 1, subject to refund. So you don't need the FERC (57:56) Commissioner in order for that to happen is my point.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc.: Okay, Leila. So, these issues are staff – are at the level that the staff could make a decision?
Leila L. Vespoli - FirstEnergy Corp.: Correct. They're within staff domain at this point.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc.: Got it. Thank you. Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Larry Liou with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Larry Liou - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for taking my call. I think in the beginning, you mentioned that you're in the process of separating FES from the unregulated money pool. Can you just expand on that a little? What are the kind of final hurdles there?
Steven R. Staub - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yeah, it's Steve. We are in a process of doing that and we expect by the end of the first quarter to have FES, its subsidiaries, and FENOC operating under their own separate money pool. And so, we expect to have that in place shortly.
Larry Liou - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then for the asset sale proceeds, I saw that in your presentation, you changed 2019 issuance guidance. Is that kind of telegraphing potential de-levering at the holding company?
Steven R. Staub - FirstEnergy Corp.: Can you repeat your question, please?
Larry Liou - JPMorgan Securities LLC: In your EEI presentation, I think for 2019, you talked about refinancing the term loan that's due then. In the fourth quarter presentation, that's missing from the financing plan. So, is that kind of telegraphing that maybe you'll look to pay down that 2019 term loan?
Steven R. Staub - FirstEnergy Corp.: So, the 2019 term loan was refinanced in December of 2016, in line with the restructuring of our credit facilities.
Larry Liou - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. So, that just kind of pushed out everything.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: That's right.
Larry Liou - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then, just the last one, Chuck, you mentioned West Lorain and Buchanan as potential asset sales. But also, you touched upon the alternatives for the retail business. Can you just talk a little bit more about what are you looking at there?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I can't talk about what we're looking at there, because again I think that is going to be the responsibility of the FES board to look at it. But I think what I said is, other than West Lorain and Buchanan, I don't think you should expect any announcements in the near future.
Larry Liou - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. Thank you.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Okay.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Pearson for closing comment.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: All right. So, I'll take over for Jim, and just like to thank you all for your continued support of FirstEnergy, your questions. Look forward to seeing many of you in Boston next week. And then, Jim will see some of you in New York next week. So, thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Meghan Geiger Beringer - FirstEnergy Corp. Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp. Leila L. Vespoli - FirstEnergy Corp.
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Larry Liou - JPMorgan Securities LLC Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp.'s Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Meghan Beringer, Director, Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you, Ms. Beringer. You may begin.
Meghan Geiger Beringer - FirstEnergy Corp.: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Today we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies and prospects. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the Earnings Information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are also available on the website. Please note that we have also provided a slide presentation that will follow this morning's discussion. Participants in today's call include Chuck Jones, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Pearson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy, Regulatory Affairs and Chief Legal Officer; Jon Taylor, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Steve Staub, Vice President and Treasurer; Brian Farley, Vice President of Sales for the Competitive business; and Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations. Now I would like to turn the call over to Chuck Jones.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Thanks, Meghan. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. This morning we reported strong results for the third quarter and increased our operating earnings guidance for the year. During our call today, Jim and I will review our financial results and key strategic developments while leaving ample time for your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Our third quarter GAAP earnings were $0.89 per share, while operating earnings were $0.90 per share. These results beat the top of our third quarter operating earnings guidance range by $0.15 due to the favorable impact of record summer temperatures as well as strong operational results across all three of our business segments. For the full year, we are revising our forecasted GAAP results to a loss range of $1.30 to $0.90 per share, which primarily reflects the impairments we took in the second quarter, along with this quarter's estimate for the annual pension and OPEB mark-to-market adjustment. In addition, we are raising and narrowing our 2016 operating earnings guidance to a range of $2.60 to $2.70 per share, reflecting the strong third quarter results. In addition to these results, we made solid progress on our regulatory initiatives, including reaching a positive settlement with the parties in our Pennsylvania rate cases. The settlements, which have been filed with the Pennsylvania Public Utilities Commission, allow for incremental revenue of approximately $291 million across our four utilities. The terms of the settlement will provide us with the necessary resources and technology to continue improving our infrastructure and help ensure continued safe and reliable electric service for our 2 million utility customers in Pennsylvania. We expect the Public Utilities Commission to issue its final orders on the settlements before January 26, 2017, and the new rates are expected to take effect on January 27. Turning to New Jersey, we are very pleased to announce that we have achieved an agreement in principle with the parties in our rate case, including Rate Counsel and the BPU staff, that would provide an $80 million annual revenue increase beginning January 1. The terms of the agreement must still be finalized, filed and approved by the BPU. JCP&L remains committed to providing customers with strong reliability with some of the lowest rates in the state. And in Ohio, the Ohio Public Utilities Commission authorized a distribution modernization rider that will allow our Ohio utilities to collect $204 million per year, including the gross up for taxes, through 2019, with a possible two-year extension. Moving to our Transmission business. Last week, both our new MAIT subsidiary and JCP&L filed forward-looking formula rates with FERC. These rates will replace stated rates that had been in place since 1998 at JCP&L, Penelec and Met-Ed. The filings will support 2017 transmission investments of more than $170 million in New Jersey and more than $260 million in our Met-Ed and Penelec service areas. In both cases, we have requested the new rates to take effect on January 1, 2017. On balance, it was a terrific quarter, and Jim will provide much more detail on our financial results in a few minutes. I'm going to devote the rest of my time to discussing the topic I think you really want to hear about, our strategic plans for our Competitive Generation business. As we said on our last earnings call, we do not believe Competitive Generation is a good fit for FirstEnergy and our regulated growth strategy. But one of my goals since becoming CEO has been to keep as many of our generating units running as possible. We believe that a vertically integrated or regulated-light construct is the best way to provide reliable and affordable electric service to customers, both now and in the future. And, of course, preserving these units would also benefit our communities and the employees who have dedicated their careers to keeping the units operating safely and efficiently. We have worked for meaningful market reforms and our team has had tremendous success reducing the cost structure of our Generation business. While we have delayed investments where possible at our fossil fleet, we remain committed to making all appropriate investments in our nuclear units in order to maintain safe and reliable operations, and we will not compromise our obligations to the industry, our communities and employees to operate our nuclear fleet with excellence. But competitive market conditions continue to deteriorate, punctuated by weak power prices, insufficient results from recent capacity auctions and anemic demand forecasts. The fact is Competitive Generation is weighing down the rest of our company. And while we have fought hard, we cannot continue to wait for an upturn. Instead, a strategic review of our Competitive business is underway and we are pursuing options to thoughtfully, yet expeditiously, move away from Competitive markets. We will be assessing several different alternatives in the near term, with a goal to implement these strategic options over the next 12 to 18 months. First, after the election is over next week, we plan to begin legislative and regulatory efforts designed to preserve our remaining generation assets. We are looking to convert Competitive Generation to a regulated or regulated-light construct in Ohio, while seeking a solution for nuclear units in Ohio and Pennsylvania that recognizes the environmental benefits of these established baseload-generating resources. And in West Virginia, Mon Power plans to issue an RFP to address its generation shortfall by the end of this year. We expect that Allegheny Energy Supply would likely offer the Pleasants plant into that process. We will work diligently with legislators and regulators in each of these states to assess the appetite for solutions that can benefit customers and communities, but not at the expense of extending our transition to becoming fully regulated. We're also open to exploring the sale of any or all of these assets, particularly the gas and hydro units at Allegheny Energy Supply. If we find that one or more of these options are not viable, we'll also consider deactivating additional competitive generating units, similar to the ones we announced this summer at Sammis Units 1 through 4 and Bay Shore. Again, we will act quickly to assess these alternatives. We believe an accelerated timeframe is necessary so that we can remove lingering uncertainty, especially for our employees, and ensure that our company is singularly focused on the transition to becoming a fully-regulated company. As we aggressively pursue these options, we will continue to operate our Competitive segment to remain free cash flow positive each year, in both 2017 and 2018, and we do not intend to provide equity contributions to the business from FirstEnergy Corporation. We met last week with all three of the rating agencies to outline our transition to becoming a fully regulated utility, and we expect to see announcements from them shortly. Further downgrades of FirstEnergy Solutions by the rating agencies could require posting additional collateral of $355 million, which FirstEnergy Solutions could address through a combination of cash on hand, borrowing under the unregulated money pool or proceeds from asset sales. However, the continued viability of FirstEnergy Solutions is also pressured by some additional risks over the near term. These risks, which include an inability to implement our strategic alternatives in a timely manner, an adverse outcome related to a coal transportation contract dispute at FirstEnergy Solutions, or the inability for FirstEnergy Solutions to extend or refinance debt maturities of $515 million in 2018 could cause FirstEnergy Solutions to take additional actions, including restructuring its debt and other financial obligations or seeking bankruptcy protection. We have received a number of questions about FirstEnergy Corporation obligations to the Competitive side of the business. Let me take a minute to discuss these questions. First, I want to stress that one single qualified pension plan covers all FirstEnergy employees. So the $921 million pension obligation to employees of our Competitive business would remain a FirstEnergy obligation. Further, a list of guaranteed amounts can be found in the 10-Q we are filing today. These guaranteed items total $168 million related to CES and include energy contracts, certain generation-related matters and that business' portion of deferred compensation benefits that FirstEnergy guarantees for all affiliate employee participants. Any additional exposure of FirstEnergy Corporation to our Competitive business will be considered as part of the strategic review. Also note that as we make this transition we are planning to move forward with the bringing on independent board members at FirstEnergy Solutions. Again, we are optimistic that solutions can be found during this strategic review to keep as many of our generating units running as possible. Closing plants is an extremely difficult step, both for me personally and for our company, because keeping them viable is in the best interest of our electric customers, the states, the communities where the plants are located and our employees. But we believe these actions are the right ones for our future. They are consistent with both our goal to operate as a fully regulated utility company and our goal to position the company for stable, predictable and customer service-oriented growth that will benefit customers, employees and shareholders. I'll now turn the call over to Jim for a review of the quarter.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Thanks, Chuck, and good morning, everyone. As always, detailed information about the quarter can be found in the consolidated report which was posted to our website this morning, and we welcome your questions during the Q&A or following the call. As Chuck mentioned, we reported strong GAAP earnings of $0.89 per share, and $0.90 per share on an operating earnings basis. These solid results exceeded our expectations due to the impact of record summer temperatures on our distribution business and strong generation plant performance. Third quarter cooling degree days were 28% higher than the same period in 2015 and 46% higher than normal, a record in the 38 years that we have been tracking the impact of weather. This drove a 6.9% increase in total distribution deliveries compared to the third quarter of 2015, with a 12.8% increase in residential sales and 4.7% increase in commercial sales. In the industrial sector, sales increased 2.4% in the quarter. This is the first increase in industrial deliveries since the first quarter of 2015. The improvement was driven by stronger demand from the shale, coal mining and steel industries, as well as the chemical and auto sectors. Over the last year and a half, we have seen a drop in steel and coal customer sales, but both have leveled off. Looking ahead, we expect industrial sales to increase, primarily due to the strong growth in the shale-related sector. We will be watching these positive developments very closely in the fourth quarter and into next year. Looking at the trends on a year-over-year basis, residential and commercial weather-normalized sales are flat and are expected to be flat in the near term. On a positive note, recent residential customer growth has been the highest since early 2007. This trend of approximately 0.5% has been seen across our footprint with the highest growth in the eastern part of our territory. Turning to our Transmission business. Third quarter earnings increased by $0.01 per share due to higher revenues in ATSI and TrAIL, which offset higher depreciation and general taxes. Additionally, in the fourth quarter we will be reclassifying $0.07 per share from our Regulated Distribution segment to our Regulated Transmission segment related to a small portion of Transmission assets that will be recovered through the formula rates at MAIT and JCP&L. These assets were always under a Transmission rate, but were included as part of our Distribution segment. This change will impact full-year guidance for 2016 between the two segments with no impact on our consolidated earnings guidance, and it will be reflected in the 2017 earnings guidance that we will post on our website later today. In our Competitive business, our plants performed well this summer, driving results that were stronger than our internal forecasts. This partially offset the expected commodity margin decrease due to lower contract sales volume, which is consistent with our hedging strategy and lower capacity revenues, reflecting the capacity prices that went into effect in June. The commodity margin also benefited from lower capacity expense, fuel and purchased power expense and higher wholesale sales related to a larger open position. As a result of the impact of a hot summer combined with strong operational performance at our generating units, we are narrowing our 2016 adjusted EBITDA to the top end of our previous range at $920 million to $950 million from $850 million to $950 million. We have essentially closed our 2016 targeted forward sales with 67 million megawatt hours of committed sales and 3 million megawatt hours remaining open to market prices. Finally, at corporate, lower operating expenses were more than offset by a higher consolidated effective income tax rate and higher interest expenses. As Chuck said, we are revising our forecasted GAAP results to a loss of $1.30 to $0.90 per share and raising and narrowing our 2016 operating guidance to $2.60 to $2.70 per share. And later this afternoon, we will post to our website a comprehensive packet with our EEI presentation and supplemental materials. This will include our 2016 and 2017 guidance with segment details, a five-year capital expenditure forecast for Transmission, a three-year capital expenditure forecast for our utilities and corporate, 2017 and 2018 capital and adjusted EBITDA for the Competitive businesses, long-term growth targets for our regulated business as well as our financing plan. We are making these materials available today so that you will have plenty of time to review them in advance of our meetings at the EEI Conference. Now I'd like to open the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hey, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: So when you talk about being on an accelerated timeframe to come to decisions with regard to the different outcomes for FES, I know you on purpose didn't give a specific timeframe because you're not sure. But do you think that you'll have wrapped up all your regulatory paths and asset sale paths at some point in 2017 and that this will be resolved during that fiscal year? Or do you think it's possible that it could take more than the next five quarters to resolve all of these decisions?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: So here's what I'd say, Greg. I think we really started this transformation to a regulated company at EEI in 2013. And that launched a significant regulatory agenda that included rate proceedings in West Virginia, Ohio, twice in Pennsylvania, twice in New Jersey. Those are now all behind us. It included decisions along the way to retire assets that were uneconomic. And now we have some decisions that we have to get done in the near term. What I've said in my remarks and what I would say as an answer to your question is we expect to complete this entire process in 12 to 18 months. And in that time period, you'll be looking at a fully regulated company. There are steps along the way that I can't give you timing on the specific steps, but we're not going to let those get in the way of that goal of being fully regulated within the next 12 to 18 months.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Fantastic. Follow-up question to that. As we think about, it's obviously not going to be clear exactly where your balance sheet is going to end up in that we don't understand how many of the assets will be sold and how the cash flows at the parent are going to look, but should we presume that in your discussions with the rating agencies that they're going to articulate a goal for you in terms of where your FFO-to-debt at the parent needs to be after this transition and you'll be given a period of time to right-size your balance sheet, should you need to, to get to those metrics?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, that is their job and they've never been hesitant to do their job. So I fully expect – we met with them, as I said during the call, last week. I fully expect that later today they're going to begin talking about what their expectations are. And I'm confident that we will be able to deliver on those expectations, particularly at the holding company level. And then we have to see where this strategic decision takes us with the Competitive business over the next 12 to 18 months.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: You may not be able to answer this, but I need to ask it. When it comes to the holding company-level credit, do you think that you'll be given a period of time over which to evolve to the metrics they're going to hold you to? Or do you think that that would require a significant equity issuance in the near term?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I'd say we're going to wait and see what they say. But I can tell you this, we have positioned those metrics at the holding company pretty much where they need to be anyway over the next three years irrespective of the decisions that we're talking about today.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Good morning, Jonathan.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hey, Jonathan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Just wanted to – one specific thing, you mentioned the possibility of up to a bankruptcy filing of the Competitive business. Can you give us any feeling for how much – and you gave the disclosure on pension and guarantees. Is there any sense of how much operating expense that's currently allocated to Competitive might flow back to the parent in such a scenario?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Not at this time, Jonathan. We have an extensive review going on of what our company will look like when this transition is done. And as we study that and understand it better, we'll be able to talk to you about it at that time.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. So that's not something that'll be apparent in disclosures later today.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: No.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. I think that was it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Association (sic) [Associates] (24:10). Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hey, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Hey. Just as of follow-up on Jonathan's question, how should we think about tax synergies in the event that FES were to be in Chapter 11 or what have you? And just how do we think about the company in the absence of this currently problematic Generation business? How do we think about things like tax synergies and what have you?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, I would give you the same answer there that I just gave on some of the expenses that are shared throughout the company. We have to get into this process and understand it fully. There are going to be a whole lot of different views on how that might get handled in the event that we get to that point. But as I've said, we've got other things that we plan to execute on in the short term here before we ever get to the point where that question even has to be answered.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then in terms of, you mentioned after the election having certain meetings and what have you. Is there any point in time where there's a fish or cut bait sort of thing where a decision has to be made?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I would say this. We're committed to executing this transition to a fully regulated company within the next 12 to 18 months. That would suggest that if there's going to be any policy decisions made by these states, they're going to have to be made early in 2017 for them to be able to be impactful on that schedule.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Larry Liou with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Larry Liou - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my call. I just wanted to talk about the rail contracts. Has anything changed on that front? I think you guys thought that there might have been environmental force majeure. So what has changed since then? It seems like you talk a little more negatively on it now.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I don't think I was talking negatively at all. I was just disclosing the fact that it's out there and a very negative impact could cause us to look at what we do with the Competitive business more quickly when it relates to a financial restructuring. But I don't feel negative about it at all. If you want, Leila can give you a little update on the timeline as to when we expect all this to happen.
Larry Liou - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Sure.
Leila L. Vespoli - FirstEnergy Corp.: So we disclosed in our Q the liability phase of the proceeding is scheduled to commence in late November. The damages phase, if necessary, would begin in May. And then again, with the liability phase, we would expect a decision within 60 days of the end of that, which we've identified to be February 24 of 2017.
Larry Liou - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then another point that you that pointed out to was the 2018 debt maturities. Those are at the muni side, which you have a very concentrated investor base. Have you talked to any of the investors to potentially renegotiate, restructure, or even smooth out the maturity schedule?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Not at this time.
Larry Liou - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Thanks, guys.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Good morning.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning. So quickly on the new board members at the Generation side. I wanted to understand, is the thinking behind that to create more separation between Generation and the holding company with the goal that – and I guess, does it suggest that there is a risk that claims from the Generation can flow up back to the parent?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Here's what I'd say. As we started to think about what we have to accomplish over the next 12 to 18 months, it became apparent that more governance was good and more external governance is good. So we are moving forward with adding outside independent directors to the FirstEnergy Solutions board strictly for that purpose, so that we have more external governance into the process.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Gotcha. And secondly, in terms of equity issuance, you've talked about $500 million for 2016. Is there any other sense of timing in terms of if there is more needed? Is there a certain timeline we should be thinking about for additional equity?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: We have announced that we will issue $500 million of equity into our pension plan yet in 2016, and we continue to plan to do that and expect to get that done. Any further equity discussion, I'm going to put you off for now, and we'll talk to you about it at EEI.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Gotcha. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Congrats on a lot of effort and hard work and success on the regulated side. A question, just rate case, I see the settlement in New Jersey. Congrats on that. Just curious, both from New Jersey and Pennsylvania, can you bridge us from the rate increases down to what may be the after-tax income impact would be? Just trying to think about things like in New Jersey, are there some higher costs that will go into service next year that might offset some of the rate case? And in Pennsylvania, are there any other things like tax or other items that could impact the after-tax contribution?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hey, Michael. This is Jim. I would say from New Jersey, I would look at that $80 million, the pre-tax number, as flowing through the bottom line. As well, in Pennsylvania, I would expect of that $291 million, about $203 million pre-tax will fall through to the bottom line.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. So there's no other incremental cost items that might offset that?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: That's correct.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. One other thing. Just in thinking about Transmission opportunities over the coming months or coming years, when you look at MAIT, do you see significant Transmission opportunities like you saw with ATSI and TrAIL five to seven years ago?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yes, absolutely. That's why we began the process to form MAIT in the first place. And I think, Michael, the amount of work that we could execute on, I think we've identified almost $20 billion worth of work that we could put in that queue. It's just a matter of we haven't communicated the speed at which we plan to execute that work plan yet. And again, I think we'll talk a little bit more about that coming up at EEI.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Hey. Good morning. Just sort of on Michael's question, for the pre-tax impacts and the rate increase in Pennsylvania, can I just use like a normal 38% tax rate to determine net income impact?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Yeah, you can use that, Anthony.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Good morning, Stephen.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I wanted to just understand the tax implications relating to your Competitive business. Would you mind just laying out what your tax basis is? And also, I guess, really importantly, in the event of either a sale or a reorganization of the business, do you believe you can effectively use that tax loss back up to the parent perhaps to effectively allow for greater growth in the sense that you would not be a taxpayer presumably for quite some period of time?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hey, Stephen. This is Jim. To your first question, our tax basis is about $4.3 billion there. And in fact, to Chuck's earlier comment, I think there has to be a lot more analysis done on that before we determine if we're able to utilize any of those tax benefits back at the parent if we got to that point in time. So I think it's just too premature right now.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Understood. That's all I had. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Hey, Julien.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: So I just wanted to follow up and make sure I heard you right. So you said your metrics would be able to get you there for the next few years, kind of status quo. Was that basically referring to solving for a 14% FFO-to-debt metric for the next few years?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, we're there in 2017 and we're very close in 2018 and 2019. And I think we could close that gap without too much difficulty. So, yeah, I think – but here's why I'd say, Julien. The rating agencies are going to do their job and they're going to issue their reports later today or probably at the latest, Monday. So we're waiting to see what they're going to say, too.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Right. But you're saying without too much of a gap, you're suggesting further cost cuts, not equity, to resolve that difference?
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: I think it's pretty clear that our Competitive business is stressed. But it's also pretty clear to me that we've taken the necessary steps to stabilize our FFO-to-debt at the holding company level.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And then turning back to Pennsylvania. Sorry to hammer on this one. In terms of – what's the implied earned ROE as you think about the next few years? Just trying to reconcile the rate-based math relative to the settlement.
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Julien, this is Jim. That was kind of like a black box settlement, so I don't want to get into what any implied rate of return is at this point.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. All right. Fair enough. Ultimately on a trailing basis, would you say you've continued to earn your ROE, though?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: I would say once all of the rates are in place, then we will be earning a representative ROE at all of the jurisdictions.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. But even on a trailing basis prior to the rates going into effect in Pennsylvania?
James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.: Well, we have a forward-looking test here in Pennsylvania, so I would say, on a trailing basis, we were earning it. And what this rate case included was our forward-looking costs as well as our customer consumption during that period of time.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Right. Excellent. Okay. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Pearson for closing comments.
Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp.: Okay. Well, there are no more questions here. I'm sure you're holding them for us starting Sunday at EEI. So look forward to – we're going to be putting out some additional disclosures later today, and I look forward to seeing you all there. And hopefully by the time we come out of EEI, we plan to try to combine the Analyst Day that we've talked about for the last year and a half with EEI and share a lot of information about what we believe this fully regulated company is going to look like. So look forward to seeing you there. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Meghan Geiger Beringer - Director-Investor Relations Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Donald R. Schneider - President, FirstEnergy Solutions (FES), FirstEnergy Solutions Corp. Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets & Chief Legal Officer K. Jon Taylor - Chief Accounting Officer, VP & Controller
Analysts: Shar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc. Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research) Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC Raymond Leung - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all, participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Meghan Beringer, Director, Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you Ms. Beringer. You may begin.
Meghan Geiger Beringer - Director-Investor Relations: Thanks, Tim, and good morning. Welcome to FirstEnergy's second quarter earnings call. Today, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies and prospects. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the Earnings Information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are also available on the website. Please note that we have also provided a slide presentation that will follow this morning's discussions. Participants in today's call include Chuck Jones, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Pearson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy, Regulatory Affairs and Chief Legal Officer; Donny Schneider, President of FirstEnergy Solutions; Jon Taylor, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Steve Staub, Vice President and Treasurer; and Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Chuck Jones.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Since our call in April, we have continued to take aggressive steps to position FirstEnergy for stable, predictable and customer service oriented growth that will benefit our customers, employees and shareholders. We're making steady progress on our strategic initiatives in our regulated businesses and we've had to make difficult, but necessary decisions to address the effects of challenging market dynamics on our Competitive business. Today, Jim and I will discuss these developments, our second quarter earnings and the 2016 guidance that we published last night. We have a full agenda and we want to ensure there's plenty of time for your questions at the end of the call, so let's get started. Yesterday afternoon, we reported a second quarter GAAP loss of $2.56 per share, primarily reflecting asset impairments and plant exit costs of $2.99 per share at our Competitive business segment, which I will discuss in a moment. On an operating earnings basis, our results for the second quarter were a solid $0.56 per share, which is in line with our expectations. Jim will provide more detail on our financial results. Looking at the full year, as you know, we had hoped to provide 2016 guidance that would include the final impact of our regulatory outcome in Ohio. However, given the Ohio procedural schedule, we decided to provide guidance now that excludes any potential impact of that case. This is consistent with our desire for transparent communications and also provides our employees with clear financial goals for the remainder of the year. On a GAAP basis, we expect a loss for the full year of 2016 in the range of negative $0.75 to negative $0.55 per share. Our operating earnings guidance range for 2016 is $2.40 to $2.60 per share, which includes up to $500 million in additional equity this year. This range is in line with current consensus estimates that exclude any impact from Ohio. Again, the difference between GAAP and non-GAAP primarily reflects the second quarter charges at our Competitive business. Jim will provide more details on our 2016 expectations for each business segment, including adjusted EBITDA for our Competitive business. In our Ohio EPS IV case, we expect to complete hearings next week. The remaining schedule is expected to provide for a potential final order from the PUCO in the September or October timeframe. The hearing is focused on the modified Rider RRS proposal that we filed in May, as well as the PUCO staff testimony, which proposed a Distribution Modernization Rider. Neither of these alternatives include a purchase power agreement tied to Davis-Besse, Sammis or any other plant in our fleet. Moving to other regulatory matters, you'll recall that in April we filed new rate request for our four utilities in Pennsylvania and for JCP&L in New Jersey. We received a procedural schedule for the Pennsylvania case with hearing starting on September 6. As always, we look forward to beginning settlement discussions on the Pennsylvania cases. In New Jersey, our rate request has moved to the Office of Administrative Law and we are awaiting the procedural schedule. In our Transmission business, we continue to make progress on our Energizing the Future initiatives and we were pleased last week to receive Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission approval to move our Met-Ed and Penelec Transmission assets into our new affiliate company Mid-Atlantic Interstate Transmission or MAIT. This new standalone transmission subsidiary is structured to help facilitate investments that can improve service reliability for these utility customers. In New Jersey, we are also making progress to bring certain JCP&L assets into that subsidiary. A procedural schedule was recently issued with hearings beginning in late October or early November. Finally, we continue to review the competitiveness of our generation fleet in light of week power prices, the low capacity auction outcome in May, and an anemic demand forecast. As you know, last Friday we announced our intent to either sell or deactivate the 136-megawatt Bay Shore plant by October of 2020 and to deactivate Units 1 through 4 of the Sammis plant in May of 2020. This resulted in a pre-tax impairment charge of $640 million, as well as coal contract termination and settlement costs of $58 million associated with retired and deactivated units. In addition, based on the low results of the most recent PJM capacity auction for the 2019, 2020 planning year, as well as our updated long-term fundamental pricing model, we recognized an $800 million pre-tax goodwill impairment charge, which represents the total amount of goodwill at our Competitive segments. We also recognized valuation allowances of $159 million against state and local NOLs or net operating loss carry-forwards, given our current projections and statutory limitations on the utilization of NOLs at the state and local level. No valuation allowances were necessary for our federal NOLs. Our country has completed the deactivation of more than 40,000 megawatts of coal-fired generating capacity in the last six years with about 40 plants scheduled to close this year alone. Since last fall, the industry has announced the planned retirement of 7 U.S. nuclear stations, totaling nearly 8,000 megawatt of generating capacity, with most of these units closing within the next three years. We believe it is critical for our country to maintain baseload generation, especially zero-emission nuclear and even coal, which we believe offers greater fuel security than natural gas. And we plan to continue to advocate for competitive reforms that ensure wholesale markets to adequately value existing baseload generation. At this time, however, we do not see any short-term solutions to the current challenging market situation. Longer-term, we do not believe competitive generation is a good fit for FirstEnergy and are focused regulated operations. And we cannot put investors and our company at risk as we wait for the country and PJM to address the issues with the current construct. We will continue to seek opportunities both within the competitive realm and the states to further de-risk the business and convert megawatts from competitive markets to a regulated or regulated-like construct. In particular, we will monitor legislative efforts to maintain important baseload generation in various states, including Ohio and New York. We also plan to work with the West Virginia Public Service Commission when they are ready to address the generation shortfall included in Mon Power's integrated resource plan. I continue to believe that those companies that own generation, transmission, and distribution in a vertically-integrated or other type of fully-regulated model are best situated to provide reliable and affordable service to customers now and in the future. And one of our goals has been to keep as much of our current generation fleet viable. But given the market conditions, we will look at all alternatives that are constructed from a balance sheet and cash perspective, including the possible sale or deactivation of additional units. As I've stated many times, FirstEnergy's earnings are now more than 80% regulated and our long-term goal is to operate as a fully-regulated utility company. We continue to expect our Competitive segment to be cash flow positive each year through 2018 and our generation team continues to look for cost savings given the current environment. They have already identified an additional $80 million of fossil fleet cost reductions each year in 2017 and 2018, beyond those identified as part of last year's cash flow improvement project. These savings will help offset the further erosion in power prices. In addition, we plan to delay the Beaver Valley unit two steam generator replacement from 2020 to 2023, given the solid condition of the existing steam generator. Our Competitive business will continue to invest in its nuclear units in order to maintain safe and reliable operations and improve overall performance. At the fossil fleet, market conditions will influence our capital investments, with current conditions favoring limited investments. We do not intend to infuse additional equity into our Competitive business in order to support credit ratings. As you know, following our announcement of the asset impairments and plant exit costs last Friday, S&P put FirstEnergy Solutions, Allegheny Energy Supply and Allegheny Generating Company on credit watch. We held constructive meetings with both S&P and Moody's earlier this week. We expect both agencies to review our competitive entities at committee meetings in the near future, which may result in non-investment grade credit ratings for those entities. This could result in potential collateral calls of up to $300 million. However, our available liquidity of about $3 billion would be more than adequate to cover such calls. We remain committed to maintaining investment-grade ratings at all of our regulated businesses and to improving FirstEnergy Corp.'s metrics in line with our earlier disclosures. And we remain firmly focused on positioning our company for success through a customer-focused strategy that is designed to provide continuous service reliability and timely recovery of our investments. We believe the actions we have outlined today will build a stronger FirstEnergy for our employees, customers and investors. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Chuck, and good morning, everyone. I will remind you that detailed information about the quarter can be found in the consolidated report that was posted to our website yesterday evening. And as always, we welcome your questions during the Q&A or following the call. As Chuck mentioned, asset impairments and plant exit costs of $2.99 per share drove our second quarter GAAP loss of $2.56 per share. Chuck also indicated that our pre-tax impairment charge for the closure or deactivation of Units 1 through 4 at Sammis and the Bay Shore plant were $640 million. That number is actually $647 million. A full listing of the special items can be found on page one of the consolidated report. On an operating earnings basis, our results were $0.56 per share, a solid second quarter and in line with our expectations across all three segments. Earnings in our Distribution business decreased as a result of higher retirement benefit costs and lower distribution deliveries, associated with a decline in average customer usage. These factors were partially offset by the effect of rate increases in Pennsylvania that were implemented in May 2015. Total distribution deliveries decreased 1.7% compared to the second quarter of 2015, with a 1.5% decrease in residential sales and less than a 1% decrease in commercial sales. Weather-related usage was essentially flat compared to last year. Sales to industrial customers decreased 2.7%, similar to last quarter. Continued growth in the shale gas sector was more than offset by lower usage from steel and coal mining activity. However, this quarter also reflects a number of temporary shutdowns from industrial customers that should come back online later this year, based on our discussions with several large customers. In our Transmission business, earnings decreased due to ATSI and TrAIL's annual true up to their formula rates, reflecting an adjustment to true-up revenue based on estimated recoverable cost to actual cost, a lower ROE at ATSI that went into effect this past January, and lower capitalized financing costs. These factors were partially offset by higher rate base at both ATSI and TrAIL. In our Competitive business, solid second quarter operating earnings reflect an increase in commodity margin, which primarily benefited from lower purchase power expense, higher wholesale sales related to a larger open position, higher capacity revenues, driven by increased capacity prices, lower transmission charges and lower fossil fuel expense. Contract sales volume decreased consistent with our hedging strategy. Let's now move on to some details surrounding our 2016 operating earnings guidance of $2.40 to $2.60 per share. This reflects six months of actual results and assumes normal weather for the remainder of the year, although, July has been quite warm across most of our service territory. First, we'd like to point out that consensus estimates have a very wide range in 2016 of more than $0.50. Several analysts still include the benefit of a PPA, along with varying amounts of equity. When you adjust for these disparities, our 2016 operating earnings guidance is in line with consensus. At the regulated utility business, we're expecting 2016 operating earnings of $1.74 to $1.82 per share, with a mid-point of $1.78, which is slightly higher than 2015 weather-normalized operating earnings of $1.76 per share. We expect share dilution of $0.04 at the distribution segment related to approximately $600 million of total equity this year, including about $100 million in our annual program related to employee benefits and our stock investment program. Ongoing expenses such as pension, OPEB, depreciation and taxes and the full-year impact of the New Jersey rate case resolved last year, are offset by the impact of Pennsylvania rates that went into effect May of 2015 and higher revenues resulting from the increase in the Ohio DCR. Residential and commercial sales are expected to decrease this year as customer growth is offset by lower use per customer, driven predominantly by the adoption of energy efficient technologies, most notably LED lighting. Likewise, the industrial sector is expected to be flat to slightly down this year as growth from the shale sector is offset by steel and related industry slowdowns. The earnings guidance materials published to our website last night include more details on our expectations for load by state and by sector. At our Transmission segment, we expect a slight up lift over 2015 due to the favorable impact of higher revenues associated with increased rate base at ATSI, up $2.1 billion versus $1.7 billion in 2015. This is partially offset by ATSI's lower return on equity of 10.38% compared to 12.38% in the first half and 11.06% in the second half of 2015. In the Competitive business, we have essentially closed our 2016 targeted forward sales with 64 million megawatt hours of committed sales. 8 million megawatt hours will remain open to market prices for the remainder of the year. Our 2016 adjusted EBITDA for the Competitive business is $850 million to $950 million. Positive drivers include one less nuclear outage and the benefit of the cash flow improvement program. Lower capacity revenues associated with lower auction clearing prices beginning in June 2016 will reduce commodity margin year-over-year, and increase pension costs and depreciation due to a higher asset base are the main negative drivers. At Corporate, an increase in the effective tax rate to 38% in 2016 compared to 36% in 2015 combined with higher interest expense from higher rates on the FirstEnergy revolver and term loan are the primary drivers. Finally, we remain focused on efforts that complement FirstEnergy Corp's balance sheet so that we can continue our Energizing the Future transmission program, which is in its third year with nearly $3 billion spent so far. After we have an order in Ohio, we hope to be in a position to provide an update on our business outlook at EEI that would include capital plans for our Energizing the Future program, as well as our distribution and generation businesses. We also hope to be in a position to provide 2017 guidance and our financing plan. As Chuck said, we had a productive and solid first half, and we remain committed to creating long-term value for our shareholders. Now I'd like to open the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of Shah Pourreza of Guggenheim. Please proceed with your question.
Shar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Good morning, Chuck and Jim.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Shar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: So, Chuck, in your prepared remarks, clearly somewhat of a change in strategy around the merchant business and obviously you could tell from your tone that frustration has gone to a peak level here. When – I guess the first question is around the assets. Is there other assets you can sort of highlight that could be potentially rationalized? And then is there a point in time where you sort of capitulate with this business, either move it to non-core or even discontinued operations at this point?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, first, I don't think there's been any change in strategy. I think since last January, we've been talking about FirstEnergy's focus on regulated operations, and I have talked about that Competitive business as – obviously we own a merchants generation business. We've been trying to situate it to run it more utility-like, if you will, and I think that's paying off this year. We had a very hot period in June and while we're not here today to talk about third quarter results, very hot July and the strategy where we're keeping some reserve margin in that generation to protect us against rising loads is working. I think we're running it very reliably and we're making it such that it's a fairly predictable business for us, even in the market that it's in. Unfortunately, the predictability is such that it's going to continue to decline in terms of the contribution it makes to the company as a whole, both in the capacity market and in the energy market. And is it frustrating that we're shutting down tens of thousands of megawatts of generation in our country that's got life left in it because of the way this market is working and that we're ignoring the fact that we have to build more transmission in order to allow the grid to work the right way when we replace it with natural gas generation that is what I call being built as energy conversion factories, not being built to serve customers, that is very frustrating to me. But nonetheless, I think we are doing the things we need to do as a company to make FirstEnergy strong even with the current merchant business that we have today. I said in my remarks that we will look at every option that's available to us that is positive from a cash and credit perspective to move out of that business over time, and that's our goal, and that's kind of always been where we've been at.
Shar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Got it. That's helpful. And then just on the option side, I know AEP certainly talked a lot about restructuring legislation that they're going to be going after not reregulation but restructuring. And they did highlight that they're engaged stakeholders. So curious, is this sort of something that you're joining AEP with? Are you one of the stakeholders? Just some color there would be good.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, right now I think we've got a bigger issue in Ohio we're working on and I think it's important that we keep our regulatory and legislative and legal teams focused on that issue, and that's what we're going to do. I'm aware of what AEP is proposing. I think it's a very creative approach. I think it helps solve some of the issues that we have with making sure we have reliable capacity going forward in the right places without having to build transmission on top of it, and I'm pulling for them. At the right time, we may join in with them in that effort, but at this point in time we're not actively involved in it. We're trying to get our ESP case done.
Shar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Got it, got it. And then just lastly, that's helpful, when you think about sort of your forward equity needs, not to right-size the balance sheet as a result of whatever happens with Ohio, but more from a growth perspective, should we just, going forward beyond 2016, assume 50%-50% cap structure on your transmission initiatives?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: From our side, we'll look at probably capitalizing the Transmission segments, where the rates are set at a 60% equity level. Initially MAIT, we will have it at a 50%-50% cap structure. Now, obviously at the holdco level of transmission, we will have a cap structure that's a little higher than that on the debt side. But that's how I would think about it going forward.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Excellent. Thanks Jim and Chuck.
Operator: Our next question Neel Mitra of Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please proceed with your question.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good Morning.
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Good Morning, Neel.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: I just wanted to understand the – how you're looking at the investment-grade metrics for the company. Are we to think that – you're obviously going to keep the utilities investment grade. It seems like you're willing to let the merchant business go to sub-investment grade, but what about the holdco or the parent? Do you plan to keep that investment-grade alongside the utilities?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Absolutely and I said that in my prepared remarks.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then when we look to the merchant business, is it still free cash flow positive in the outer years with the latest capacity price print and just where the forwards are right now?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's cash flow positive through 2018 and we haven't talked to you about beyond that.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. And if you were to require more capital just for the plants with CapEx, would a sub-investment-grade entity be able to access more capital? And would you look to access capital from the markets to fund the GenCo markets if it was needed? Or would you continue to find ways to basically rationalize the fleet?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'll let Jim answer the question in detail, but I think we're confident we can raise whatever we need in order to keep that business going in terms of refinancing existing obligations. I do not see us leveraging that business more in order to keep it going.
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yes, this is Jim, Neel. I'd agree with Chuck. As we said, that business is expected to be cash flow positive each year through 2018. We're coming through the end of our construction phase. We'll be done with most of our match expenditures. Mansfield dewatering facility will be completed. And as we said, we are going to move the refueling – or I mean, the Beaver Valley-2 steam generator and head replacement out to 2023. In addition, we have a $1.5 billion credit facility at the competitive side that we have not used. So I don't think funding that business will be any issue. However, we are going to be very focused on the capital investments and we don't intend to make any investments, especially on the fossil slide, unless it's for safety or to preserve our options going forward.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. And one last quick question. We're going to get hopefully the Ohio decision wrapped up in September and is the plan to kind of release the longer-term capital needs plan at EEI or is there an Analyst Day separate from that where you plan to do that?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I would say this. We are committed to telling you what this company looks like once we have the Ohio case done. If the timing works out for us to do that at EEI, then we'll do it at EEI. If the timing doesn't work out for that, then we'll have a meeting that's specifically designed around telling you the outcome and what it does to our company, whether it's an Analyst Meeting or how we do that, but yes, we're going to communicate that to you as transparently as we can.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Meghan Geiger Beringer - Director-Investor Relations: Before we move on to the next question could I ask that all of the analysts limit their questions to just one. We have a lot of people in the queue and I'd like for us to be able to get through to everyone today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, guys. So, just can I ask about the strategy on holding investment-grade of the parent, and you obviously have just reiterated that's a priority, and how we should view the $500 million of equity you're doing in 2016 in that context? And let's just say if you don't get some help, what you're looking for from Ohio, can you help us think about what that scenario looks like?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I don't think you should think about the $500 million. I mean we told you we're going to issue $500 million of additional equity this year. Jim mentioned, we've already invested over $3 billion in transmission growth capital with another billion planned next year. You all look at those numbers the same as we do. I'm not going to speculate on an outcome in Ohio right now. When we know that outcome, we will know what the impact it has on our credit ratings and then we'll do what we need to do. We've got a number of other strategic options that we can execute that we will, but I think it's premature to talk about what all of those could or could not be until we see where we land in Ohio.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, good morning.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Julien.
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: So I want to just clarify the necessary metrics you need to get to. What do the agencies tell you in terms of the 14% FFO to debt versus the 11% at Moody's and perhaps 12% at S&P? So just curious, to what extent does the current equity plan get you to something that keeps you investment grade? And also perhaps a further nuance to the follow-up I'll just ask now, is S&P potentially enabling a two notch difference between your holding company and your opcos?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, first of all, when we met them earlier this week, they told us, you guys all talk to them a whole lot more than we do. So I think it's pretty obvious out there what they expect us to get to. And in terms of how we're going to get there, I just said the Ohio ESP is a big piece of the puzzle that we have to get answered before we can talk about what the next steps of the puzzle are. I think it's likely that both of the agencies are going to publicly say what their expectations are here in the near future both for the Competitive business and for the rest of this company. But we're focused on keeping our investment-grade credit ratings at the holding company and for every one of our regulated entities.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: But said differently, just to be very clear about it, in terms of the metrics that you're targeting, are you and the agencies talking about a shift in the business risk profile? And are they ready to buy into that sort of in the near term, if you will?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Hey, Julien. This is Jim. I would think that the expectation is that we'd need to achieve a FFO at 14% at this point. And they would not be looking to change that in the near-term.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. All right. And that's probably an eventual target?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great.
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: As Chuck said, we ultimately intend to be a fully-regulated company.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: But you can hit that FFO with the – depending what comes out of Ohio in this $600 million in equity?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yes. We can.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Okay.
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: We've got to wait and see what comes out of Ohio, as Chuck said.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning. How are you?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just – on the credit rating, I mean, normally when I think of credit rating, I think of the senior unsecured credit rating as what sort of the focus counterparties have and what have you. And clearly, that's not what you guys are focused on, given that we already are at below investment-grade at the senior unsecured. Is there any concern about the senior unsecured? Or is it simply focused at the issuer level? And why the focus at the issuer level as opposed to senior unsecured, which is what I normally think of as being the metric that people are – that the rating that people are actually – the counterparties are focused on? Do you follow me?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, we follow you. From our standpoint, we're not expecting that we're going to issue any more senior unsecured debt. So, I think the way we're looking at it, Paul, is we want to at least maintain where we're at right now. And our goal would be at the S&P level to get the corporate credit rating ultimately notched up one. That would also notch up our senior unsecured. From a Moody's standpoint, we are already at investment grade. So that's the way we're thinking about it.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Okay. And I guess that's my question. I realize you guys are time limited. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gregg Orrill with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes. Thank you. I realize you're in a case in Ohio. The – can you talk about sort of the implications if the outcome ends up being something along the lines of the staff recommendations and how you would view that?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, we just filed our rebuttal testimony and attempted to point out what we thought some of the potential things that the staff missed in their testimony might be. I think some of those are pretty obvious. And even the commission staff in their testimony agreed that there were adjustments that were made or need to be made to the initial number they came out with. So I'm going to answer this question the way I've always answered. I'm not going to speculate about things that we don't know about. So we've got another couple of months to get through this case in Ohio. We've been waiting patiently for two years and three months to get to an outcome here. And with only a couple of months left, I'm not going to start guessing at what the outcome is. We're going to get the outcome. We're going to deal with that outcome, and then we're going to move forward and we're going to move forward in a way where we expect to maintain investment-grade credit for our holding company and all of our regulated entities.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Hey, guys. Sorry to repeat the question. But Jim, that 14% target, is that the Moody's target or is that the S&P target or is that both?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: The 14%, that's the threshold that Moody's has designed. From our standpoint, we're targeting at 14.5% to 15% of FFO. But the 14% is Moody's.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Right. And you're also expecting rate relief in Pennsylvania and New Jersey along with hopefully a constructive outcome in Ohio. So as we think about cash flows going into 2017 and beyond in the regulated businesses, you're making assumptions with regard to the improvement in cash flow from all three of those things, right...
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: That's correct, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: ...the equity issuance to get you to that number?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yes, that would get us above the threshold that they've set. But again, our target is 14.5% to 15%.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Right. And that does not presume any further equity needs post 2016? Or that's sort of an iterative question relative to the total amount of rate relief you receive?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: I think it's an iterative question. We'll continue to do the employee benefit program and stock investment program. But as Chuck said earlier, I think there's a big piece of the puzzle that still has to fall into place before we have any further consideration there.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. One last quick thing, the $500 million you're going to issue, is that going to be issued into the pension plan or would that be issued directly to the public?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: As we said, this $500 million that we expect to issue, we expect to contribute that equity to our qualified pension plan.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Turnure of JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, Chuck and Jim. I don't think you covered this earlier. Maybe you could give us color on the units that were shut at Bay Shore and Sammis or are targeted to be shut and kind of where they're running right now on a kind of earnings contribution and cash flow contribution basis.
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: The units that we shut down or said that we were going to deactivate by 2020 was just Unit 1 at Bay Shore, the only unit we have, and it was Sammis 1 through 4 at Sammis. We've never disclosed what those would be from an earnings standpoint. But when you look at the total, including the capital that we would have to invest and the revenues net of their operating expenses, it will make us improve our cash flow going forward. And that's essentially the reason we decided to deactivate those units.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. That's all I had.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Most of my questions have been answered, but what's the timing on the equity and have you baked July weather into your guidance?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: We have not baked July weather into the guidance. As I said in my comments on the script though, July was a very warm month and our plants ran very well. So, I would expect that we will have some weather improvement in July. As far as the equity, we really can't comment on the timing of the equity transaction. However, I can tell you our earnings guidance is conservative and assumes dilution starts in the earlier part of the second half of 2016.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And we've planned normal weather for the rest of the half – the second half of the year in our guidance numbers.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yes. Hi. Good morning. Just a question on the 2016 guidance. Could you give us a sense, either specific or more high level, how you're doing against your kind of allowed ROEs in your key jurisdictions within the guidance in 2016? Are you kind of earning in line, are you under-earning a decent amount? Any help from that standpoint.
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Steve, this is Jim. From my standpoint, I would say in all of our jurisdictions, we will be earning right in line with the authorized ROEs. And as you know, a few of the jurisdictions, they have what's called black-box settlement, where they don't come out and particularly say exactly where it is. But with the filing we have in New Jersey, the four utilities in Pennsylvania, where we are in Ohio that essentially covers all of our utilities with the exception of Maryland and West Virginia. And we just had the filing in West Virginia a little over a year ago. And Maryland, we're seeing some load growth there. So, I would say we're earning right in line with all of our ROEs.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, I'm sorry, I just want to clarify though because I was asking more specific to 2016, since we now have a base figure providing us for 2016. Since you're not getting the rate relief really by then in 2016, are you under earning a little bit, and then when you get the rate relief, you earn more in line? Are you – is the rate relief mainly for growth, so you're kind of earning in line?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: If you look in New Jersey, the rate relief is associated with our capital investments we've made since mid-2012. We've had about $600 million and some of investment there. So we're not earning on that capital right now. So, I would say we're probably slightly under earning there. In 2016, we would expect that we would have a decision in Pennsylvania by January 27. So our guidance would include earnings that would get us pretty near to what our ROE expectations are.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Praful Mehta of Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Hi, guys.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning. My quick question on the generation business, is there any intention to ring-fence that business, to protect the ratings of the holding company and the utility from what happens at the generation side?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Praful, this is Jim. I would say, we're not looking at any type of new legal actions or anything to ring-fence that side of the house. The way you should look at it is, there's no cross defaults on any of the financings that we have out there or the credit facilities. FirstEnergy Corp. does guarantee about $1.25 billion on that side of the house. And it's really made up of about $1.2 billion of our underfunded pension, OPEB and EDCP cost. And then there's just about $50 million associated with some contracts that FES has. So, from my standpoint, there's no thought about ring-fencing. But that's just where we are with that side of the house.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Fair enough. So just to clarify, if there is a strategic action like a sale or something further down the road, where not all the debt is covered, are you looking to – my question is are you going to support the debt or are you going to walk away from it from a holding company perspective?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Well, I don't think that's something that we've been contemplating at this point. The business is still cash flow positive. We intend to make every effort to ensure that those assets continue to run. As Chuck said earlier, if we get to a point, we may look to deactivate or sell some assets. But I think that question is much further down the road. I was just speaking to what the guarantees are by the holding company.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Fair enough. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Just real quickly on the non-regulated side, your volume expectations. You all used to talk about volume of between about 80 million and 85 million, most from your generation, but also a little bit of purchased power. When I look at the guidance slides, it looks like it's a good bit light of that for 2016. Can you just – am I seeing that right? And can you just talk about what's going on a little bit?
Donald R. Schneider - President, FirstEnergy Solutions (FES), FirstEnergy Solutions Corp.: Yes, Michael, this is Donny. Yes, we have pulled back a little bit. With where we're at with Sammis 1 through 4, we expect very little production out of those machines going forward. They'll still be available, but we see very little production coming out. So we've reduced kind of what we'll produce in the range of 70 terawatt hours to 75 terawatt hours. And that's very dependent on what the forward market does. And then we have about 5 terawatt hours that we purchased through wind contracts, OVEC, that sort of thing. So we'll produce about 75 terawatt hours to 80 terawatt hours going forward.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it, okay. I don't know if Irene will let me, but I'm going to try and sneak in a follow-up on West Virginia. Can you just talk about the time line for wind West Virginia, when Mon Power needs new capacity and some of the alternatives, whether it's building or buying combined cycle versus buying or transferring an existing coal unit?
Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets & Chief Legal Officer: Good morning. This is Leila. So we previously filed the IRP. It showed a need for generation going out a couple of years from now. But that case right now is concluded. So there is nothing that would, unless we were to file something, initiate something, that would come out of that case. So we would be looking as we go forward and continue to monitor the forecast for that company to see how we might want to present something consistent with the IRP in terms of bringing additional generation to Mon Power.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. So there's no formal like RFP process that's about to kick off or that will be undertaken in 2016 or 2017?
Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets & Chief Legal Officer: Correct. There's no time line associated with that. We would initiate it when we believe it to be the appropriate time.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman of Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Thank you. Just one question for Jim. The effective tax rate increase, 38% from 36%, can you give more color on that? And if my math is right, that's more than about – more than half of the $0.08 differential between 2016 and 2015 that you show on slide nine.
K. Jon Taylor - Chief Accounting Officer, VP & Controller: Yes, this is Jon. Most of the increase, we had some benefits that flowed through in the second half of 2015 that reduced the tax rate down to 36% and we don't expect that going forward. So, I would think that 38% would be a more normalized tax rate.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay. Thanks. And then was my math right that, that's a big chunk of that $0.08?
K. Jon Taylor - Chief Accounting Officer, VP & Controller: That's right.
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: That is.
K. Jon Taylor - Chief Accounting Officer, VP & Controller: That's right.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay. Thanks. That's all I had.
Operator: Our next question comes in the line ever Anthony Crowdell of Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Just to jump on the previous question, 2016 guidance holdco losses at $0.52, is that something I could carry forward post 2016 and where that – in that realm? I know you're not giving post guidance, but around $0.50 of holdco losses?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I would say that's a representative number. As you know, we have about $6 billion of debt at the holding company. Some of that is what I'd say variable rate debt. So, if you make an assumption that interest rates are going up, then you could see a change to that. But the biggest component is interest expense and about several billion is subject to variable interest rates. So, you could see a change in that if we had an upward movement in interest rates.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Raymond Leung of RBC Capital markets. Please proceed with your question.
Raymond Leung - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi, Chuck. Hey, Jim.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Ray.
Raymond Leung - RBC Capital Markets LLC: A couple of questions. One, could you talk a little bit about the strategy of how do you bridge the gap to hit your credit metrics if you don't get a favorable ruling out of Ohio? And then could you also give us an update where you are maybe with Fitch? I think you guys were potentially looking at exploring a rating with them? And the last thing, any limitations aside from that guarantee from legally separating FES via some sort of a sale? Thanks.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I'll take – there were three questions in there. So, take the first one and that is, I've already answered it a couple of times here. We're not going to speculate about Ohio. There's a whole wide range of outcomes. The staff said one point. The corrections we made to the staff testimony got that number up in the over $500 million. I think we've got to let that process play out, see where we're at, and then we will take whatever steps we deem are appropriate to maintain our investment-grade credit for our holding company and our utilities. And those steps are so wide-ranging depending on the outcome for Ohio, it's just – I don't think it's good to speculate about them, so I'm not going to talk about them. I'll tell you what we know when we know it. On the second question, Jim – I think Jim already answered it. We're not looking at doing anything to legally ring-fence our generation business. But as I said, we're not going to use any equity to support the credit ratings of that business. We're operating it in a fashion that's cash flow positive. And we're going to make whatever decisions that we need to make on a unit-by-unit basis to deactivate them, sell them in order to keep that business as positive of a member of the FirstEnergy team as we can.
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: And Ray, this is Jim. I'll take your final, the third question. Yes, Irene and her team, they continue to have discussions with Fitch about potentially reinstating the ratings. So I think we're having very good dialogue with them and we should be in a position to update you probably later this year.
Raymond Leung - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Much appreciated. Thank you.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So there aren't any more questions on the board and we're running towards the end of our hour. So thank you all again. I know we had to make some very difficult decisions last week. Look forward to talking to you more about that part of our business when we see you all at EEI. And just thanks for all the support that you've given us.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Meghan Geiger Beringer - Director-Investor Relations Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets & Chief Legal Officer Donald R. Schneider - President, FirstEnergy Solutions (FES), FirstEnergy Solutions Corp.
Analysts: Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Brian J. Chin - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Kevin Prior - Evercore Group LLC Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Ashar Hasan Khan - Visium Asset Management LP Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp.'s First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Meghan Beringer, Director, Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you. You may begin.
Meghan Geiger Beringer - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Donna, and good morning. Welcome to FirstEnergy's first quarter earnings call. Today, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies and prospects. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the Earnings Information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are also available on the website. Please note that we have also provided a slide presentation that will follow this morning's discussions. If you are currently on the Investor page of our website or plan to visit at a later time, you'll notice that we have redesigned the site to provide a more user-friendly experience, particularly on mobile devices. Also based on your feedback, we created an Investor Materials section located on the Investor menu for easier access to information that you must frequently use. As for today's call, those who are participating include Chuck Jones, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Pearson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President, Markets and Chief Legal Officer; Donny Schneider, President of FirstEnergy Solutions; Jon Taylor, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Steve Staub, Vice President and Treasurer; and Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Chuck Jones.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Meghan. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us. We're off to a strong start in 2016 and I'm pleased to share this update with you today. Yesterday afternoon, we reported solid operating earnings of $0.80 per share, which is at the midpoint of our first quarter guidance. On a GAAP basis, earnings were $0.78 per share. While Jim will review our financial results in more detail, I want to quickly mention that we produced quality results and met our operating earnings guidance, despite the impact of an unseasonably mild winter and low power prices. The successful implementation of our economic dispatch strategy was key to that outcome because the fuel savings that resulted from idling some units when market prices did not support them, helped to offset the other impacts of mild temperatures across the company, particularly in our Distribution business. In addition to meeting our financial commitments to you, we continue to implement our regulated growth strategies. We have several positive developments on that front, and we will provide more detail today on our next steps to ensure continued service reliability for our customers with appropriate recovery of our investments. Let's start in Ohio, where the Public Utilities Commission completed a comprehensive nearly two-year review of our Powering Ohio's Progress Electric Security Plan and unanimously approved the plan with certain modifications. The PUCO concluded that the approved plan promotes rate stability and retail competition and adds value for Ohio customers, communities and the environment. I would both like to compliment and thank our Public Utilities Commissioners and staff for their leadership and handling a very complex regulatory matter. I am proud of this ESP and of the entire team that worked on it. The plan helped to safeguard customers against rising energy prices in future years while preserving key power plants that serve Ohio customers ensuring fuel diversity and maintaining Ohio jobs. In addition, it outlined steps to support low income customers, reinstate energy efficiency programs, evaluate smart grid technologies, and includes a goal to reduce carbon dioxide emissions. It truly fulfills the principles that the Ohio legislature outlined for the Electric Security Plans when they moved the state toward retail competition. Currently, it's been a long and conscientious process to get to this point and while PUCO approval is a critical milestone, there are still challenges at FERC. Our opponents have also expressed their intent to bring court challenges. I will quickly review our position on these issues and Leila can address your additional questions during the Q&A. First, we believe FERC should affirm the waiver that is already in place. You'll recall that FES was granted authorization from FERC to conduct certain transactions with our Ohio utilities in 2008. Our Purchase Power Agreement is one of those transactions. It was carefully constructed from the beginning to comply with existing FERC rules that promote customer shopping for retail energy supply and it will not hinder the PJM markets ability to function and foster competition. A separate complaint asked FERC to impose a price for on the PPA units for the May 2016 PJM, RPM capacity auction. We don't believe there's any reason for our PPA units to be treated differently than any of the other regulated generation in PJM. It's no secret that a significant amount of generation, both regulated and merchant has been offered into prior PJM options with price taking behavior. Some of these complaints are likely in that group of suppliers. What they are asking FERC to do is essentially have FirstEnergy protect them from themselves. We have filed a strong answer demonstrating that a price floor is not needed and challenging the economic theory behind the opposition's price floor methodology. And we do not expect that FERC will impose a price floor on the PPA units for the upcoming auction. With regards to the other potential challenges, we believe that the PUCOs decision is well within the Commission's authority and we expect it will withstand subsequent challenges. Furthermore, the notion of non-bypassable charges on Ohio utility bills is not new, as charges for programs such as energy efficiency, economic development and low income support, as well as cost to support the bulk Transmission System have been in place for years. Given that FERC could make an announcement on the issues before them very soon, we are holding off on providing a second quarter operating earnings guidance. Once we do have additional clarity from FERC, we expect to have a better picture of our full-year 2016 outlook, and we will offer you further details and guidance. I know this decision may seem inconsistent with our stated objective to improve transparency and disclosures. We remain committed to giving you the information you need to evaluate our company when we know it. DSP is simply too significant to speculate on its outcome. While we do anticipate filing for a rehearing on the ESP IV by May 2, to address a few items of clarification, we're moving forward to implement the PPA that was entered into on April 1. As you know, our Regulated Generation Group has experienced selling the output for Mon Powers regulated units at Fort Martin and Harrison into PJM. They're using that experience and have retained a leading industry consultant to help prepare strategies and offer formation for the Davis-Besse and Sammis Plants in advance of the May, PJM capacity auction. The regulated team plans to sell the output from Davis-Besse and Sammis into PJM as of June 1. We're also laying the groundwork to meet the provisions outlined in the terms of the ESP IV. In late February, we submitted our grid modernization business plan, which outlined the menu of options for the PUCO. We also filed our Energy Efficiency Plan with the Commission earlier this month and by November 1, we will file a carbon reduction report that outlines our fuel diversification and carbon reduction strategies. In the ESP, we proposed a CO2 reduction goal of at least 90% below 2005 levels by 2045, building on the 25% reduction in CO2 emissions already achieved across our footprint. This goal represents a potential reduction of more than 80 million tons of CO2 emissions and is among the most aggressive targets in the utility industry. In support of our commitment to a cleaner energy future, we launched a branding campaign in February called The Switch is On. This campaign highlights our environmental achievements, transition to a cleaner energy sources, and our Green electricity options. Earlier this month, we entered into a unique Green energy pact with the Cleveland Indians to provide Progressive Field with 100% Green-e certified wind energy from FirstEnergy Solutions. We also introduced an Earth Day promotion inviting Ohio and Pennsylvania residents to sign up for 100% wind energy at the same price as the standard energy offer. Turning to other regulatory matters, our proposed Mid-Atlantic Interstate Transmission subsidiary known as MAIT, received FERC approval in late February. As we have discussed, this subsidiary would hold the transmission assets of Met-Ed, Penelec and JCP&L, and facilitate new investments that can improve service reliability for these customers. Earlier this month, the Pennsylvania ALJs issued an initial decision approving a settlement filed by the parties resolving all issues in this case. We anticipate final approval from the Pennsylvania PUC by mid-year. And last week, we made a supplemental filing in New Jersey seeking to transfer certain JCP&L distribution assets into MAIT, which we believe should satisfy the concerns regarding public utility status that were addressed by the BPU in February. We will continue to work with the BPU because we believe transferring these assets to MAIT is the right thing to do for our New Jersey customers. As we mentioned in February, we have passed the halfway point of the first phase of our Energizing the Future transmission investment program with $2.4 billion invested through 2015 on projects designed to make our system more robust, secure, and resistant to extreme weather events. This program remains on track, and we continue to view the Transmission business as our primary growth platform for many years to come. Over the past two years, we have been focused on removing regulatory uncertainty and positioning our regulated businesses for growth. Tomorrow, we plan to file rate cases for JCP&L and our four Pennsylvania utilities that are consistent with our goals of enhancing customer service and reliability, strengthening the distribution system, improving security, and adding resiliency and operating flexibility to our infrastructure, while providing stability and growth for the company. In Pennsylvania, our four utilities will file rate plans with the Public Utilities Commission aimed at extending the service reliability improvement efforts that have yielded significant results for more than 2 million customers. Since 2011, the number of power outage impacting our Pennsylvania customers has decreased by an average of about 27%, while restoration times have improved by an average of about 14% in that same period. In total, our request would result in an expected revenue increase totaling $430 million across four Pennsylvania utilities, and we've broken down the impact by operating company in the Appendix of our slide presentation. These changes would bring the average monthly bills in line with the typical residential bills for the other three major electric utilities in the state, while benefiting customers by modernizing the grid with smart technologies, increased vegetation management activities and continuing customer service enhancements. Pending PUC approval, we anticipate that the new rates will take effect in January of 2017. The new base rates at the Pennsylvania utilities would also include recovery of costs associated with our long term infrastructure improvement plans, which include a projected increase in capital investments of $245 million over five years to help strengthen, upgrade and modernize our Pennsylvania distribution systems. We expect to begin recovering the cost of those programs in July through the distribution system improvement charges that are currently pending Pennsylvania PUC approval. We also plan to file a rate plan with the New Jersey BPU that supports and builds on the significant service reliability improvements made by JCP&L in recent years. The planned $142-million rate request seeks to improve service and benefit customers by supporting equipment maintenance, vegetation management and inspections of lines, poles and substations, while also compensating for other business and operating expenses. The JCP&L plan is designed to extend the service reliability improvements and helped the utility achieve its best service reliability record in more than a decade last year. While JCP&L's rates have remained stable and even declined over the past decade, our operating expenses have continued to increase. Since July 2012, JCP&L has invested $612 million in service-related enhancement projects. And even with the proposed 6% overall rate increase for the average residential customer, JCP&L would continue to offer the lowest residential electric rates among the four regulated electric distribution companies in New Jersey. You will remember that our last rate case in New Jersey, which was based on a 2011 test year, was complicated due to storm recovery expense issues and other items. In the upcoming proceeding, which satisfies the BPU requirement that we file a new rate case by April of 2017, we hope for a reasonable timeline in recognition of the significant investments we have made. Allowing for a thorough review of our filing, we will request the new rates to go into effect in January of 2017. We remain focused on continuing to position our company for growth and success to best serve our customers, communities, investors and employees. Now, I would turn the call over to Jim for his review of the quarter. And as always, we will have plenty of time for your questions at the end of his remarks.
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Chuck, and good morning, everyone. I will remind you that detailed information about the quarter can be found in the consolidated report that was posted to our website yesterday evening. And as always, we welcome your questions during the Q&A or following the call. I'm sure you have also noticed that we did not publish a full FactBook this quarter. We hope to have greater clarity to regarding the PPA shortly, which would hopefully allow us to have an analyst meeting and provide full guidance for 2016. In place of the FactBook, we have included an Appendix to the slides for today's call with certain regulatory and financial updates we would normally publish each quarter. Our first-quarter operating earnings of $0.80 per share compares to $0.62 per share in the first quarter of 2015. On a GAAP basis, we recorded earnings of $0.78 per share for the first quarter of 2016, compared to $0.53 per basic share during the same period last year. 2016 first quarter GAAP results include special items totaling $0.02 per share, which includes regulatory charges primarily related to economic development and energy efficiency programs associated with the Ohio ESP commitments, offset by mark-to-market gains on commodity contracts. A full listing of the special items can be found on page two of the consolidated report. In our Distribution business, results were impacted primarily by mild temperatures on distribution deliveries and lower rates in New Jersey that went into effect in 2015, partially offset by the benefit of Pennsylvania rates that were also implemented last year. Total distribution deliveries decreased 7.8% compared to the first quarter of 2015 with a 13.4% decrease in residential sales and a 5.1% decrease in commercial sales, reflecting heating degree days that were 25% below last year and 11% below normal. On a weather adjusted basis, residential deliveries were essentially flat while commercial deliveries decreased 1.6%. Sales to industrial customers decreased 2.8%. We do continue to see growth in shale gas sector but the rate has slowed dramatically in the past two years and is not enough to offset lower usage from steel and coal mining activity. First-quarter Industrial load was off nearly 110 gigawatt hours as a result of reduced operations at Republic Steel, which then announced an indefinite shutdown on April 1 and a permanent closure of Warren Steel. Overall, our sales are following the national trend that was noted by the Energy Information Association earlier this year. Whether-adjusted residential and commercial sales are each down more than 1% over the past four quarters while industrial load is down 3% in that timeframe. Drivers include the impact of more efficient lighting, appliances and equipment and slowing and shifting economic growth. In our Transmission business, operating earnings increased as a result of the higher rate base at ATSI, partially offset by the lower return on equity that was part of ATSI's comprehensive settlement approved by FERC last fall. In our Competitive business, strong first quarter earnings reflect an increase in commodity margin, which primarily benefited from higher capacity revenues driven by increased capacity prices, as well as lower purchased power expense, higher wholesale sales and lower fossil fuel expense. These factors offset lower contract sales volume, which decreased in line with our hedging strategy. The decrease in fossil fuel expense relates to lower fuel rigs, and as Chuck indicated earlier, it also reflects the benefits for our economic dispatch strategy, which kept the Bruce Mansfield Plant offline for part of February and March. This strategy is the right approach at this time and we will continue to deploy it if markets don't support plant operations. Clearly, this remains a very challenging business environment for our competitive units as prices continue to drop. Although we're not updating our CES adjusted EBITDA guidance at this time. We know that a reduction of about $3 per megawatt-hour in the round-the-clock prices since the beginning of this year translates into a reduction of more than $50 million in wholesale revenue. Our committed sales are about 62 million megawatt-hours for 2016 with an additional 12 million megawatt-hours as part of the Ohio PPA. In 2017, we have 42 million megawatt-hours committed with an additional 20 million megawatt-hours for the Ohio PPA. We are reaffirming our expectations that the Competitive business will be cash flow positive each year through at least 2018. And finally, in Corporate, a higher consolidated income tax rate and other expenses reduced operating earnings by $0.02 per share compared to the first quarter of 2015. As Chuck said, we're off to a very solid start in 2016, and we're encouraged by the developments in Ohio and remain committed to providing customer-focused growth and creating long-term value for our shareholders. Now, I'd like to open the call up for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. Our first question is coming from Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning guys.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets & Chief Legal Officer: Good morning.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Could you give us a sense of what the drivers for the rate increase – the rate request in Pennsylvania and New Jersey are? I hear the comment that your rates are going to be – and it'll bring rates up to the average. But just what the big drivers are? And then maybe a sense of where the ROEs are tracking in the – to its various jurisdictions as you make these filings?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Jonathan, this is Jim. Let me take a shot at it and then I'll let Leila get into more detail if we need. First off, we're going to have an increase in our rate base. So, that will be part of it. We also have increased depreciation expense associated with our investments. We're also rolling in the DISC rider as part of this increase. We have smart meters and also there has been a decrease in sales, so that's going to be part of the driver there. So, those are primarily the major drivers. As I would say that there was not a defined ROE last year in the Pennsylvania case. So, it's hard to say if we're tracking to that. But, overall, I'd say our earnings in Pennsylvania are doing well, but because of these significant investments as well as the decrease in sales and the DISC rider, that is leading to the increase. And Leila, I don't know if you have anything to add to that?
Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets & Chief Legal Officer: Just one further point of clarification with respect to the – on the depreciation comment, and we're actually proposing a changed methodology in depreciation that's just driving some of that change.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Is that just in Pennsylvania or in both?
Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets & Chief Legal Officer: Correct. Correct.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Is that a meaningful piece of it or just one of many?
Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets & Chief Legal Officer: With regard to depreciation, it's roughly $31 million of the change.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. All right. Thanks. So it sounds like, in general, this is not about returns. It's more about investments and the other things you listed.
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: That's correct, Jonathan. Okay.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And Jonathan I have said all along that as we continue to move this company more towards a regulated model and we prepare for growth in our T&D operations, you're going to see more and more rate increases or rate cases in order to accommodate that growth.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So fair enough. I think I had a 6% number mentioned for New Jersey. Did you provide a percentage on the Pennsylvania jurisdictions?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: It's – I think that's included in the Appendix Jonathan and when we break down all four of the Pennsylvania companies you have that rate increase.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Right, we'll see that, and thank you. And then one final thing, you commented that you're going to wait until you have clarity from FERC on giving Q2 guidance. But more broadly if, let's say, FERC doesn't act ahead of the upcoming auction and maybe there's a longer delay there, how should we think about this in the context of when you might have an Analyst Day and a broader update to the outlook?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I think that our game plan is to wait and see what FERC does. If it drags on too long, then my expectation is we'll give you a guidance for 2016 without the ESP baked into it. That would be our plan. I don't expect that this is going to drag on a long time. There's a lot of speculation out there that they'll make a decision before the May RPM. That doesn't bother me so much if they don't because a lot of the opponent's cases suggesting that we're going to do something inappropriate in how we bid these units. And once they see how we bid these units, then I think that would diffuse a lot of that argument. So if it waits until after the RPM, that wouldn't bother me too much. But beyond that, I think if it continues to go on and we are going to give you guidance for 2016 without the ESP.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So we should probably anticipate by early summer, you'll be doing that then in any event?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning, guys.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Paul.
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just a sort of follow-up on Jonathan's question and your answer, should we – it seems to suggest that perhaps your bidding behavior would be the same with or without the PPA. Is that an accurate or that there wouldn't be that big of a difference, how should we think about that?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, we're not going to talk about our bidding behavior. But I think it is something that FERC can look at. If they just look at how we bid our West Virginia plants in the last RFP or actually in – since capacity performance, they could see a very good indication of how we bid units on the regulated side. We haven't disclosed that bidding behavior and we don't plan to. But my point is this. I don't think that – I think there's a lot of rhetoric going on about how these PPAs might affect the capacity market. It's nothing, but rhetoric. This PPA has no impact on the PJM market whatsoever.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then, in terms of your expectation that they will probably take action before the auction, which is coming right up, is that with respect to all three cases or – excuse me – to the both cases for you, or one in particular?
Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets & Chief Legal Officer: Hi, Paul, this is Leila. Given the high profile, I guess my view on this would be that they would be looking at both these cases before the Base Residual Auction. Just to give clarity, from the way I view the world, if you think about the affiliate waiver case, if I'm the chairman, he looks at things from a legalistic standpoint. I kind of view things that same way. And so I have a case in front of me where there's strong precedence not to look behind the screen if you were to what the states are doing. He has – in the initial 2008 waiver, there was a claim by Nopak that non-bypassable charges should be looked at and should cause him to say that there're not – not all the customers – that there are captive customers. They chose not to make that finding. So to go against this and grant the complaint, he would have to go against legal precedent. I don't see him doing that and I think he would want to get that out of the way and that's tied to Mon Power complaint because fundamentally they're kind of looking to address, call it the same issue. And if you look at the Mon Power complaint, there are a lot of parties with – that wait in with a lot of different potential remedies. And I don't think they're going to fall prey to the hyperbole, especially out there by Dynegy that there is a burning platform that there is imminent danger. If they're going to want to act and give clarity and take their time and look at this. So from my standpoint, I think they're going to want to act on the waiver, I think they are going to deny the complaint because I think it's – to do otherwise would be inconsistent with past precedent. They can take care of the issues supposedly involved in that complaint, in the Mon Power complaint, but they can do so in a very thoughtful way by addressing it through the stakeholder process what they are used to dealing with it and taking care of it in the next – for the next BRA auction in 2017.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great.
Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets & Chief Legal Officer: I just wanted to give clarity to the market in that regard.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: That makes sense. And then just finally, I apologize if I missed this. The $0.09 charge – regarding the regulatory charge, what was that associated with?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: The regulatory charge, that was primarily the commitment we made under the ESP, and that's associated with some energy efficiency commitments, as well as some low income and some economic development.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: And it's a one-timer?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: It's a one-timer. Since we committed to make those payments, so we're required to recognize that at the time of the commitment. It is a liability to us.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Thanks so much. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Shahriar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your question
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Good morning.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Shahriar.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Could we just write-off just a couple of policy questions, here? Can we touch on what we're hearing a little bit on Chairman Porter's potential resignation? The timing is a little bit suspect and it's a crucial period. Could we get some clarity there?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I will give you my comments. I think that Chairman Porter showed outstanding leadership during the time he was at the Commission. You know, he got a very important docket moved forward. Hate to see him go, but as you know how it goes. When job opportunities present themselves, you don't get to pick the timing of them. So he called me the other day and we had a good conversation, and I don't think you should read anything into it other than what was said.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe a question directed to Leila. So the Supreme Court ruling in Maryland obviously net-net most saw it as a negative, but obviously some of the Justices gave some guidance around what would be from a legal standpoint possible. They clearly drew some distinctions between Maryland and New Jersey versus what you're proposing in Ohio. So I'd like to get maybe your opinion here on what you thought of the Supreme Court ruling.
Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets & Chief Legal Officer: So net-net, I actually think it's quite positive. So you may recall the Maryland case was out there when we first constructed the PPA. So we knew we were kind of threading the needle with regard to that, and I think that the Supreme Court's decision confirms that we did a good job of that. The decision in and of itself does not negatively impact it. In fact, if you look at one of the footnotes, they go into a long detailed description of the traditional bilateral contract, which mirrors directly our PPA. So from a structure standpoint, if you think about it, through that footnote, they signaled that the structure of the PPA is something that is out there in the market and that they feel comfortable with. So structurally, I think it meets the test. And then if you go back to the EPSA case, albeit (33:57) they made a statement that insulating retail customers from price fluctuations is something that fell under state authority. So if what the Commission's purpose was was appropriate per EPSA and the structure is appropriate per the Hughes decision, I think again those two together present us a very strong case with regard to any Federal District Court case that might be brought our way.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Got it. So it's just fair to say that if something if you get a negative outcome at FERC and this does gets taken up by the Supreme Court, it's a pretty good standing.
Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets & Chief Legal Officer: I think it's an excellent standing. Thank you.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Excellent. Okay good. And just one last question, Chuck, on, sort of, having had an update on the equity. But if FERC decides to take up this case, and this, sort of, gets drawn out a little bit, how should we, sort of, think about your equity needs?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think you should think about it the way I have been answering it for the last year-and-a-half. And that is we can't make a determination until we have all of these answers, and I don't expect that it's going to be a lengthy FERC process. So – and my position from the beginning has been – it's our obligation to structure this company and operate it in a way where we could get our credit issues behind us without having to use equity to do that. We're talking to you about a lot of growth opportunities on the regulated distribution and transmission side. Assuming we get successfully done with MAIT, that opens up more transmission investment. And I'm not going to be embarrassed to tell you we want to use equity to help grow this company going forward. But the amount and the timing – I'm not ready to discuss.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Excellent. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Neel Mitra of Tudor, Pickering. Please proceed with your question.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: I had a general question on the distribution strategy going forward. With lower sales growth, is the strategy to continue to file regular rate cases to compensate you for the increased spend or, in some jurisdictions are you looking to implement some sort of formula rate plans like you are with the DISC mechanism in Pennsylvania?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I would answer that we have five different distribution strategies. We serve in five states. They all have different regulatory treatments. Under the Ohio ESP, we have an extension of the DCR through the term. We also have a new treatment for smart grid and smart meter type investments. So there is a different regulatory strategy in Ohio than in Pennsylvania. In Pennsylvania, we've got the LTIP and the DISC. And, obviously, we're filing for rate cases there and in New Jersey. In West Virginia, we had a case last year where, if we get to a position where we need another case, we'll file it. And in Maryland, quite frankly, the growth in load has been commensurate with our investments. And there has been no need to file a case there. So I think it's five different strategies. Overall, though, I would tell you the strategy is to start making the investments needed to improve the service to our customers beyond where we're at, to provide more security to the distribution network, and, basically, make investments to serve our customers better, and then do them in a way where we can communicate to you how we're going to get the returns.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Got it. And then my second question was on the competitive generation side and the sensitivity to the open position. Can you remind us roughly how many terawatt hours or what percentage of your expected generation that you plan to keep open in any given year?
Donald R. Schneider - President, FirstEnergy Solutions (FES), FirstEnergy Solutions Corp.: Yeah. This is Donny, Neel. Without the PPA, we have – our FactBook would show we have about 17 terawatt-hours open for 2016. I think Jim talked about the fact that a $3 move on that 17 terawatt-hours would be about a $50-million impact. With the PPA, if the PPA goes forward, we actually chew up some of that open position, as we look through the end of 2016.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. Okay. Got it. And then just last point of clarification on Pennsylvania. You say you're going to implement the DISC structure with this rate case. Would that help basically lengthen out the period between rate cases? Or is that just for a small portion of the distribution spend going forward?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Actually the DISC – we have filed for the DISC effective July 1 to start treating the first investments in our Long Term Infrastructure Plan. And under this rate case, any DISC expenditures after that point would be rolled into the base rates, and then we have the option going forward to then use the DISC in real-time to recover investments in the Long Term Infrastructure Plan in the outyears. So, we file to invest $245 million over the next five years. So, we're going to use both.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Brian Chin of Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Brian J. Chin - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Good morning.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets & Chief Legal Officer: Hey, Brian. Good morning.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning. Brian how are you doing?
Brian J. Chin - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Very good. Very good. I just wanted to follow-up on the early equity issuance question just in a little bit more specific way. Can you provide your latest thoughts on timing or amount with regards to equity issuance just for Transmission purposes? And particularly if FERC is going to be delaying its response to the PPA question, does it make sense to potentially separate your equity issuance for transmission and not make that contingent on timing for FERC?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, so I've talked about in my comments the fact that we're halfway through energizing the future; we've invested $2.4 billion in our Transmission over the last two years with no equity. And during a time that we were working to kind of strengthen our cash flows in order to improve our credit metrics. We've got two more years of that program at about $1 billion a year. I don't see any equity needed to fund that Transmission growth. Going forward, if we plan to expand our Transmission investment program or expand significantly what we're doing in the distribution, then any equity needs would be associated with increased investment in T&D. So, I answered the same way we're not prepared to say what that amount is, but I don't think you need to be worried about energizing the future being taken off-track in any case.
Brian J. Chin - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Very good. Thanks. That's all I've got.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Julien.
Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets & Chief Legal Officer: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. So, following up perhaps where we started on the rate cases, can you remind us where we stand on earned ROEs in kind of a trailing basis for 2015? Just I suppose speaking to the rate case filing itself for whatever you have out there, both New Jersey and Pennsylvania. And perhaps on a prospective basis, the purpose for the case, at least New Jersey, seems to be recovering O&M, and then separately Pennsylvania seems principally driven by the implementation of the DISC and spending investments there, is that kind of good (42:21) them respectively?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Julien, this is Jim. I would say that in Pennsylvania, it's primarily driven by somewhat the decrease in the load. It's part of the DISC filing that we have. There's also additional investments that we've made there. We've got a very large smart meter implementation program going on over there. So that's primarily what's driving that in Pennsylvania. You're also able to file on the forward-looking test year. When I look at New Jersey, it's primarily driven by a significant amount of investment that we've made since the last test year in New Jersey, and that was 2011. And as we said in our remarks since July of 2012, we've had a significant amount of capital investment. And why we say partway through 2012, because in the test year New Jersey you're allowed to claim in-service amounts for six months after the in-service date. So we've had a significant amount of investment in New Jersey, so that's what's driving that. Again, as far as our overall return on equity within each of the states, I would say that we're probably tracking right around where we should, based on the last rate proceedings. However, as you know, in Pennsylvania, they did not publish what the ROE was in the settlement.
Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets & Chief Legal Officer: Julien, this is Leila. The only thing that I would add when you're thinking about Pennsylvania, think about aggressive energy efficiency measures and no lost distribution recovery. So when Jim was talking about the lower revenue, those factors play into that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And then, turning to the equity piece of the equation, just to be clear on setting expectations, we shouldn't expect to hear from you on equity until you get a definitive decision to either reject or accept the waiver – well, not the waiver, but the decision outright from FERC, and no action from the credit rating agencies correspondingly until that's well (44:46).
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Correct. I would say, yes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin Prior - Evercore Group LLC: Hi. This is actually Kevin. Other than the PPA, are there any other uncertainties or hurdles that would prevent you from giving guidance in the early summer?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No.
Kevin Prior - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. And if the FERC was to uphold the contracts, but it ended up going to the Ohio Supreme Court, would you still plan to implement the contracts on June 1, or would it then be delayed?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We plan to implement them on June 1.
Kevin Prior - Evercore Group LLC: No matter what challenges there. Okay. That's all I have. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the Chris Turnure of JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. I was wondering if we could talk a little bit about the supply side of the business. And ex the PPA, if you just look at the performance over the past couple of quarters, I think specifically, excluding the change in capacity prices and excluding the change in the volume. You've had a pretty noticeable improvement there, despite decline in commodity prices. Maybe you could just flush that out a little bit more and give us a color there.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, I'll start and then I'll let Donny add to it. During 2015, we talked with you about our cash flow improvement program. Much of that was focused on the Competitive business. And much of that was focused on getting our Competitive business to the point where it continues to be cash flow positive and it has no need for any cash from the parent through 2018 at current energy prices as we know them. So part of that was also targeted at the FFO from the Generation business. So we reduced O&M expenditures, which contributed to some of what you're seeing there. So that's kind of from an operational perspective, the thing that Jim Lash and his Generation team have done to improve the competitiveness of that business. I will let Donny talk a little bit about the Commodity side.
Donald R. Schneider - President, FirstEnergy Solutions (FES), FirstEnergy Solutions Corp.: Yes, I'd just add, obviously we have taken a position starting after the polar vortex in 2014 to derisk the business and to move away from weather sensitive load. You'll recall in the first quarter of 2015 we had what's been referred to as the Siberian Express and while it was not nearly as significant of an impact to FES as the polar vortex, it's still have some impact. I'm happy to report this past quarter, although we had very mild weather, the fact that we have much less weather sensitive load, are results were pretty much in line with our expectations from a sales perspective.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Donny and his team are doing a fantastic job running the business too. Back in February when we had Mansfield off for two weeks, the entire plant off, there were several seller side notes that suggested that, meant that load was down and we're going to have a bad quarter. In reality, that's part of how we're dispatching is those units differently. So we don't run them when we can't make money with them. So I talked in my remarks about that save this fuel. So Donny is doing a great job at looking at every day, every hour, how do we maximize that business under some very difficult economic times.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I mean, to that point is there anything that we should think about historically that's forced you to run units that were uneconomic, such as mandatory take-or-pay coal contracts or something of that nature that would be rolling off this year or in the future, to kind of provided a tailwind for your numbers all else equal or I might barking up the wrong tree there?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Go ahead Donny.
Donald R. Schneider - President, FirstEnergy Solutions (FES), FirstEnergy Solutions Corp.: Yeah. I mean, we've had coal contracts in place for a lot of years. It gives us significant flexibility. This isn't really something new for us. I think the degree is much greater now, but you'll recall back in – I believe it was 2012 – around August 2012, we took the entire Sammis Plant down and kept it offline through December. So it's not really new. I think the difference is with the weak – incredibly weak forward day ahead market that we are seeing, it calls in more economic dispatch than perhaps what we had seen in the past.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then shifting gears to transmission again, the rejection by New Jersey of your utility status for that MAIT request would seem on the surface to be a significant setback. But your comments have indicated that you're going to continue to push forward, and you think it's very important. Could you maybe characterize how important the New Jersey part of MAIT program is to the overall transmission spend kind of levels going forward and growth going forward, and the timing now that you have had this setback, if it's been adjusted at all in New Jersey (50:18)?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. So, first I would say, I think MAIT is very important to our customers in New Jersey. And we have to do a better job of helping the BPU understand why it is important. We've done that in our latest filing and will continue to work with them to get it across the finish line. If we don't, then we'll look at options to implement MAIT in Pennsylvania potentially. But as far as your real question in terms of how does it affect or transmission investment strategy, we've got two more years of energizing the future. We've got projects beyond that inside ATSI and TrAILCo that we can continue to move forward with. I don't see MAIT been crucial at all to our transmission investment strategy. I see it as a way to implement that transmission investment strategy in a way where we can lower the cost of capital and do it in a way that's better for customers and create more transparency for our investors. That's how I see it.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, Chuck.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Stephen.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Most of my questions have been addressed. I just wanted to focus on the Pennsylvania revenue request. When I look at the Appendix, it looks like the customer bill impacts can be relatively significant. I think one of the jurisdictions, it's about 18%, if I'm reading the page correctly. Is there a way to phase that out in order to otherwise lessen the overall bill impact, and are there other precedents we can look to in Pennsylvania in terms of just how to think about that, that it looks like a fairly sizeable rate impact?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Stephen, this is Jim. I would say that, as we said earlier in our comments and Chuck said, it is that this will bring the average residential bill in Pennsylvania up to – about what's average within the state. You'll recall we went a number of years without increasing our rates in the State of Pennsylvania. It's also being offset by a – from a customer perspective, it's being offset by a reduction in their overall energy component of the bill. So, I don't view this as something it's going to be what would be described as a rate shock issue. As far as your earlier request, no I don't – we don't see any mechanism out there where we would phase this in. This is just a normal type of request that we would have. And again as Leila pointed out earlier, there is very stringent energy efficiency requirements in the State of Pennsylvania, which is decreasing the usage. So we're required to go in and file for these rates. So that's the way we're looking at it.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. And in terms of the magnitude of the benefit from lower energy costs, is there a way for us to get a sense for the magnitude of that benefit?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think you could probably look at where wholesale power prices have gone over the last few years. And as Donny mentioned, wholesale power prices have fallen $3.00 already this year. So I think there was a period of time when around-the-clock power prices were in the $50-plus range, and if you look at the forwards out there right now, over the next three years, they're probably closer to the $30 range.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ashar Khan of Visium. Please proceed with your question.
Ashar Hasan Khan - Visium Asset Management LP: Good morning, and congrats. One thing I was just wanted to help in terms of trying to measure these rate cases in terms of earnings potential. Is there some way you could give us what the increase in kind of rate base would be from kind of like what you have in your numbers this year versus – because it's a forward test year next year, could you signify the increase in rate base for the two jurisdictions?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I will answer it at a high level, and if you want details, then I'll let Leila and Jim fill in. But as filed, in effect January of next year, the JCP&L case is about $0.20 a share and the Pennsylvania cases combined are about $0.40 a share.
Ashar Hasan Khan - Visium Asset Management LP: Okay. That's very helpful. And that was my question. Thank you so much.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thanks Ashar.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Angie Storozynski of Macquarie. Please proceed with your questions.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. I have only one question. So when I look at the plans covered by the PPA, say, in 2016, can you tell us if the assets the plans have a positive EPS contribution without the PPA?
Donald R. Schneider - President, FirstEnergy Solutions (FES), FirstEnergy Solutions Corp.: Angie, this is Donny. Let me make sure I understand your question. So you're asking if Sammis and Davis-Besse have a positive earnings contribution without the PPA?
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Yeah. So basically, when you showed us the EBITDA and then a bridge to net income or EPS, for SES – or CES without the PPAs, can you tell us the assets of those three plans or two plans that are covered by PPAs, so without the PPA would they have a positive EPS impact?
Donald R. Schneider - President, FirstEnergy Solutions (FES), FirstEnergy Solutions Corp.: Yes. For 2016, Sammis and Davis-Besse would definitely both have positive earnings per share impact.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: How about 2017 or 2018 based on the current forwards on capacity payments?
Donald R. Schneider - President, FirstEnergy Solutions (FES), FirstEnergy Solutions Corp.: I don't think we're giving any guidance on forward years, Angie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Because I mean, we are all struggling I think with the impact of your PPAs on your bottom line because we just don't know what's the offset from the current earnings power of these assets. That's why I am asking?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I understand you are struggling with it, and I understand that the estimates are all over the board for what this ESP means. And believe me, as soon as we can give you clarification, we plan to do that. Once we have an answer from FERC, we will tell you what the value of this company is going forward with the ESP. If we don't have an answer, then we're going to give you 2016 guidance without the ESP. And I apologize that we're leaving you hanging out there, but it's just too big a moving part for us to speculate on the outcome.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. I understand. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Anthony Crowdell of Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Hey, good morning. Just – most of my questions have been answered. Just want to follow-up as the company is looking to transition more to a regulated utility, thoughts on maybe rate basing or getting some type of cost of severance return on Pleasants, on other power plants, particularly Pleasants or Mansfield?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, first of all, we are a regulated utility. 90%-plus of our earnings today come from our regulated operations. What we're talking about is growth and investment inside that regulated utility. We filed our integrated resource plan with West Virginia. I think later this year, they'll start taking a look at it seriously, and it's up to the West Virginia Commission to decide would Pleasants be the appropriate solution. Obviously, we have a model in place already with Harrison, and we think that is something they ought to look at.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: In Pennsylvania, is there a similar filing or similar thought process, or just West Virginia?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Just West Virginia.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Real quick, do you ever put or can you discuss what you think the scale of the MAIT investment could be over a multi-year time? I mean, should we think about it similar to the size and scale of what ATSI and TrAIL have been? Now, I know lots of TrAIL was just one big project, but ATSI was a series of projects. Is it something that could be significantly smaller or significantly bigger? Just trying to get arms around how you're – I don't know how you are thinking about the size, scale and scope of MAIT could be?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, first of all, let me clarify again. We've told you we have over $15 billion of Transmission projects that our teams already identified on our existing 24,000 miles of Transmission System. Those projects can be executed with or without MAIT. MAIT is a vehicle to improve the recovery mechanism from a transparency perspective for investors and lower the cost of capital to make those investments more efficient for customers. That's all MAIT is. It doesn't stop us from moving forward with the transmission investment program. As far as the scale of the program, we'll talk to you about that once we know the base of the company that we're operating on after we get a resolution on this ESP, because it's more driven by our capability of raising the cash and likely some equity to fund it. So we'll tell you about that once we know those answers.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Okay. I was just trying to get my arms around MAIT. The transmission in the Eastern part of your service territories seems like a huge opportunity in terms of the rate base growth there. And just trying to get my arms around kind of the magnitude of the impact over time. One other question for you. O&M, where do you see the greatest opportunities across your businesses to manage O&M further down and you've done a really good job over the last year or so in doing so. Where do you see the incremental opportunities and where potentially are their headwinds?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I don't think of it necessarily as managing O&M down. I think about it as spending the appropriate amount of O&M to serve our customers the right way. And as we invest in new equipment, O&M is going to trend down. In the Transmission System, we're replacing 60-year and 70-year old equipment with brand new equipment, that as I've shared before we're basically buying with 30-year warranties from the manufacturer – full warranties where we don't have to do any O&M on them. So we're going to spend the appropriate O&M as long as we're having rate cases and we're having timely recovery of our expenses, I think the shareholders are immune to how much O&M is involved. And so when you think about it, it's more about where do we spend it, how is it being recovered and is this the right amount for customers.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thanks Chuck. Much appreciated.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Take care Michael.
Operator: Thank you. We're showing time for one additional question today. Our last question will be coming from Praful Mehta of Citigroup. Please proceed with your questions.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi, Thank you. Most of...
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): ...my questions have been answered. Just quickly on strategic direction in M&A, I guess if the Ohio PPA goes one way or the other, does that change your view around how you think about M&A in general? There's clearly a lot of M&A that happened last year, it continues to be top of M&A this year. So, if you could just broadly – now that you're going more towards the regulated platform and clearly as you said, you are a regulated utility, how are you thinking about strategic direction in M&A in that context?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Of all the things I've been thinking about a CEO the last 16 months, M&A is not high on that priority. That's how I would answer that. We're trying to strengthen the company that we know. We're a big company; we have 6 million customers to serve. We're going to do that the right way.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Fair enough. Thank you.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Before we leave, I have one final announcement that I'd like to make. Many of you know Rey Jimenez, Rey has been part of our IR team at FirstEnergy since 1997, and he has decided that he would rather spend his time in retirement than talking to all of you in the future. So, he is going to be retiring after 39 years with the company. He will be in the office until early June and I'd encourage you – I know many of you have worked with him, to get a chance to wish him the best as we will for a healthy and happy retirement. So, just wanted to make that announcement. Thank you all again for your support and confidence, and we'll be talking to you again as soon as we have an answer from FERC.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Meghan Geiger Beringer - Director-Investor Relations Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets & Chief Legal Officer Donald R. Schneider - President, FirstEnergy Solutions (FES), FirstEnergy Solutions Corp. K. Jon Taylor - Chief Accounting Officer, VP & Controller
Analysts: Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Gregg Gillander Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc. Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Daniel L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Charles Fishman - Morningstar Research
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Meghan Beringer, Director of Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you. You may begin.
Meghan Geiger Beringer - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Adam, and good morning. Welcome to FirstEnergy's fourth quarter earnings call. We will make various forward-looking statements today regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies and prospects. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such statements can be found on the Investor section of our website under the Earnings Information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are also available on our website. Please note that on the Investor Relations page of our website we have also included a slide presentation that will follow this morning's discussions. Participating in today's call are Chuck Jones, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Pearson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President, Markets and Chief Legal Officer; Donnie Schneider, President of FirstEnergy Solutions; Jon Taylor, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Steve Staub, Vice President and Treasurer and Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Chuck Jones.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Meghan. Good morning, everyone. I'm glad you're able to join us. I'm excited to share the results from an important and productive year for FirstEnergy. In 2015 we made tremendous progress on major initiatives across our company. We put a number of obstacles behind us and completed critical work necessary to implement our regulated growth strategy going forward. At the same time, we consistently met our financial commitments to you. Last night we reported operating earnings of $0.58 per share for the fourth quarter and $2.71 per share for the year. These results, which reflect improved operations at our Competitive business, as well as growth in our Transmission business are above our initial guidance range for 2015, and in line with the revised estimates that we provided during our third quarter call despite the mild weather we experienced in the fourth quarter. For the first quarter of 2016, we have provided operating earnings guidance of $0.75 to $0.85 per share. As we will discuss later, we intend to provide additional guidance once we have an outcome in our Ohio Electric Security Plan. Before we move to Jim's financial review, I'll take a few minutes to discuss the key events from 2015. First, we removed regulatory uncertainty and important steps to position our regulated utilities for growth with the conclusion of rate cases in West Virginia, New Jersey and Pennsylvania. Resolving these cases allows us to plan for additional infrastructure and reliability investments at those utilities. In Pennsylvania, we took that next step by filing Long Term Infrastructure Improvement Plans for each of our four operating companies in October. These plans, which were approved by the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission last week, outline a projected increase in capital investment of nearly $245 million over five years to help strengthen, upgrade and modernize our Pennsylvania distribution systems. Yesterday, we filed for approval to implement a distribution system improvement charge at each of the four operating companies, which will allow us to recover quarterly costs associated with the capital projects approved in the LTIIPs. In Ohio, we achieved an important milestone for our latest Electric Security Plan by reaching a settlement agreement with the staff of the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio and 16 other parties, including EnerNOC, an energy management solutions provider, Ohio Partners for Affordable Energy, a low income customer advocacy group, and IGS Energy, an independent energy supplier. The agreement outlines the ambitious steps to safeguard Ohio customers against retail price increases and volatility in future years, deploy new energy efficiency programs, and provide a clear path to a cleaner energy future by reducing carbon emissions. Our settlement includes an eight-year retail rate stability rider associated with the proposed Purchased Power Agreement. This provision will help protect customers against rising retail prices and market volatility while helping preserve vital base load power plants that serve Ohio customers and provide thousands of jobs in the state. The PPA includes the Sammis Plant in Stratton, Ohio, the Davis-Besse Nuclear Power Station in Oak Harbor, Ohio, which recently received approval from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for a 20-year license extension, and a portion of the output of two OVEC plants. The procedural schedule for our Ohio case is nearly complete, with hearings concluded, initial briefs filed, and reply briefs due next Friday. A decision from the PUCO is expected in March. Clearly, there is a lot of talk about the PPA as all interested parties seek to have their voices heard. We firmly believe that our plan serves the best interests of Ohio customers and Ohio communities while supporting competitive markets in the state and PJM. This generation will continue to be offered into PJM's energy and capacity markets, and the PPA will have no impact on our standard service offer or customers' ability to shop for their retail electric supply. In fact, we expect that the output from these plants will be treated no differently than the 20% of regulated generation that currently clears in the PJM markets, and that 20% does not include imports into PJM, which from MISO would be primarily regulated generation. I'm sure you'll have lots of questions about the legal and regulatory process, and Leila's standing by to share our perspective during the Q&A. We believe our plan is the right one for Ohio, and we remain very optimistic in the outcome, both in Ohio and at FERC. Let's turn to our Transmission business. We just passed the halfway point of the first phase of our Energizing the Future, transmission investment initiative to meet the reliability needs of our customers and communities. We remain on track to meet our target of $4.2 billion in spending during the 2014 through 2017 timeframe. Consistent with our plan, we spent $2.4 billion in 2014 and 2015, including $986 million last year, on projects to address service reliability, grid modernization and growth. We completed major initiatives to address last year's Northeast Ohio plant deactivations, and brought online critical new infrastructure to support midstream gas operations in our region. Work in 2016 is expected to include $1 billion in investments on projects such as synchronous condensers at our Eastlake Plant, new line construction projects in West Virginia and New Jersey, Static Var Compensator projects in Pennsylvania, New Jersey and West Virginia, and several new substations, line rebuilds and reconductoring projects. While expansion in the shale markets has cooled, we expect investments over the next several years of about $150 million for work that is already in the pipeline. We also addressed several matters in 2015 that support future investment in this important long-term growth platform. During the fourth quarter, FERC approved our settlement for a forward-looking formula rate structure at our ATSI subsidiary which permits more timely recovery of our investments. In addition, in June we filed to create a new subsidiary named Mid-Atlantic Interstate Transmission, or MAIT. This subsidiary would hold the transmission assets of Met-Ed, Penelec and JCP&L and facilitate new investments that can improve service reliability for those customers. Our proposal is on FERC's agenda for tomorrow and we are seeking approval from both the Pennsylvania Public Utilities Commission and the New Jersey Bureau of Public Utilities by the middle of the year. These structural changes are important steps to ensure timely recovery of our investments and set the stage for continued growth through our Energizing the Future transmission initiative. Turning to our Competitive operations, the PJM capacity market reforms approved by FERC have already begun to have a positive impact on the capacity auction process, although the markets continue to fall well short of being compensatory for long-lived capital assets like base load generation units. Our revised competitive strategy, focusing on stabilizing the business by reducing risk, also produced positive results. In 2015, we sold 75 million megawatt-hours while significantly reducing our exposure to weather-sensitive load and executing a rigorous commitment to economically dispatching our units. As a result, we mitigated the impact of severe weather in the first quarter of 2015 and achieved adjusted EBITDA of $949 million. This is in line with the revised guidance that we provided in October and reflects solid operational results as well as the impact of our Cash Flow Improvement Project. We are holding off on providing adjusted EBITDA guidance for 2017 and 2018 until our Analyst Meeting following the PUCO decision in Ohio. However, we are reaffirming both our 2016 adjusted EBITDA guidance range for the Competitive business of $950 million to $1.05 billion, and our expectation that the business will be cash flow positive each year through at least 2018. Before I move from our Competitive segment, I'll mention that given the significant decline in the global coal market, we impaired our investment in the Signal Peak mine, resulting in a $362 million pre-tax noncash charge, which Jim will cover in more detail. Finally, I'll spend a few moments discussing our Cash Flow Improvement Plan and other financial matters. We took a very important step to improve our financial metrics and balance sheet in 2015 through the launch of the Cash Flow Improvement Project. This initiative began in the spring, with a goal to capture meaningful and sustainable savings opportunities and process improvements across the company while continuing to fully meet the needs of our customers, our organization and our employees. I'm very pleased with the results of this effort to-date. We are on track to capture $155 million in savings this year and $240 million annually by 2017, up from our initial goal of $200 million over the timeframe. The results from this initiative will allow us to essentially hold our O&M flat through 2017. We put a lot of risk behind us in 2015, including key initiatives that provide our company with greater strength and flexibility as we pursue our regulated growth plans. I'm also gratified by the response from the rating agencies. In December, citing our shift in strategy and more credit friendly business risk profile, Fitch revised its outlook from stable to positive. Days later, Moody's affirmed its Baa3 rating with a stable outlook for FirstEnergy Corp., FES and Allegheny Energy Supply, citing our Ohio ESP settlement. Over the past year, I've gotten to know many of you and I've shared my leadership philosophy, including my commitment to make our company more transparent. I hope you've seen that in action over the past year. I've told you one of our primary objectives is to improve the quality of our earnings. This year, two significant noncash adjustments got in the way. The annual mark-to-market for pension and OPEB will remain an annual adjustment, either up or down, and the impairment of the Signal Peak coal mine is required, given the current market for coal and the fact that this isn't a core asset for us. Outside of these two items, earnings quality in 2015 was very solid, and is supported with operational cash flows that showed a $700 million improvement over 2014. We are making solid progress, and once we have an outcome in our Ohio ESP, we should be in a position to provide 2016 full-year earnings expectations and shed more light on the next couple of years, including our regulated growth projections and any future equity needs to support our growth initiatives. It remains our priority to continue strengthening our balance sheet and further de-risk our Competitive business. These steps will help ensure we are well positioned to pursue the next period of regulated growth and success, benefiting our 6 million customers and the local economies we serve, our investors and our employees. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim for a brief review of the quarter. As always, we reserved plenty of time for your questions before the end of the hour.
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Chuck, and good morning, everyone. As always, I will remind you that detailed information about the quarter can be found in the consolidated report that was posted to our website yesterday evening. We also welcome your questions during the Q&A or following the call. Our fourth quarter operating earnings of $0.58 per share compares to $0.80 per share in the fourth quarter of 2014. On a GAAP basis, we recorded a loss of $0.53 per share for the fourth quarter of 2015 compared to a loss of $0.73 per share during the same period last year. 2015 fourth quarter GAAP results include special items totaling $1.11 per share. I'll spend a few moments on two of those items before moving to the review of operating results. The first of these is the impairment charge related to our investment in the Signal Peak mine. As Chuck mentioned earlier on the call, given the weak market for coal globally, in the fourth quarter we wrote off our investment in Global Holding, the parent company of Signal Peak, resulting in a noncash pre-tax charge of $362 million or $0.56 per share, which reduced the value of this investment to zero. As some of you may remember, back in 2011, FirstEnergy sold a portion of its ownership interest in Signal Peak, receiving $258 million in cash proceeds and recognizing a $370 million after-tax gain which included a sizeable step-up in the one-third interest we retained. Presently, the mine remains operational and FirstEnergy continues to provide a full guarantee on Global Holding's $300 million term loan. Since this investment is no longer a strategic fit for FirstEnergy, we have moved the earnings associated with Signal Peak from our Competitive segment to Corporate/Other for all periods. The second special item is the $0.35 per share annual pension and OPEB mark-to-market adjustment, another noncash item. As discussed in our third quarter call, we anticipated this charge given the plan's investment performance, which was partially offset by a 25 basis point increase in the discount rate. I will note that for 2016 we have $381 million in required minimum pension funding, with $160 million already contributed to the plan last month. Let's spend some time walking through the fourth quarter drivers by business units, followed by a brief review of the full year. In our Distribution business total deliveries decreased 6% in the quarter or 2% on a weather-adjusted basis. Residential sales decreased 10.6% and commercial sales decreased 3.4% compared to the fourth quarter of 2014. Our region saw the mildest fourth quarter temperatures in at least 35 years, with heating degree days that were nearly 30% below both last year and normal. The decrease in customer use also reflects the adoption of energy efficient lighting and the impact of other energy efficiency measures. We continue to analyze these efficiency trends and we plan to discuss the expected impact on our load forecast over the next few years when we hold our Analyst Meeting. Sales to industrial customers decreased 3.9% in the quarter as a result of lower usage from our steel, mining, chemical, electrical equipment and manufacturing customers, partially offset by increased usage from the shale gas and automotive sectors. Distribution results were also impacted by higher operating expenses, which included planned reliability spend in the quarter, primarily at JCP&L. In our Transmission business fourth quarter operating earnings increased as a result of higher revenue associated with a higher rate base and ATSI's forward-looking rate structure, which became effective in January 2015, partially offset by a lower return on equity at ATSI as part of its comprehensive settlement that was approved by FERC in October. In our Competitive business, we recorded strong fourth quarter operating earnings as higher commodity margin was offset with higher operating expenses. The impact of lower contract sales was offset by higher capacity revenues, lower purchased power, fuel and transmission expenses, and increased sales to the wholesale market, reflecting our more open position. Operating costs for the Competitive business were higher in the fourth quarter of 2015, primarily due to expenses related to the nuclear refueling outage at Beaver Valley Unit 2. Finally, at Corporate, a higher effective income tax rate and higher interest and operating expenses reduced operating earnings by $0.08, in line with our expectations. Now I'll take a couple of minutes to discuss full year results and review the key earnings drivers for 2015. Operating earnings were $2.71 per share compared to $2.56 in 2014. GAAP earnings were $1.37 per share in 2015 compared to $0.71 in the prior year. At our Regulated Distribution utilities, 2015 operating earnings were in line with our guidance. The net benefit of resolved rate cases and generally favorable weather was offset primarily by higher operating expenses associated with planned reliability maintenance. Total distribution deliveries decreased about 1% compared to 2014. In the Industrial segment sales declined primarily due to decreased steel and mining production. Sales to residential and commercial customers were essentially flat compared to the prior year. In the Regulated Transmission segment, operating earnings increased primarily as a result of a higher rate base and a forward-looking rate structure at ATSI in the company's Regulated Transmission business. In our Competitive business, operating earnings increased significantly, primarily due to improved commodity margin related to higher capacity prices. Adjusted EBITDA was $949 million in line with our expectations. You'll recall that we began the effort to reposition our sales portfolio in the second quarter of 2014. Our total retail customer count at the end of 2015 was 1.6 million, a decrease of 445,000 customers from December 31, 2014. We sold about 75 million megawatt hours in 2015, including 68 million megawatt hours of contract sales and an additional 7 million megawatt hours of wholesale. We currently have about 61 million megawatt hours committed for 2016 and for 2017 about 38 million megawatt hours are committed, or about half of our expected generation resources. The Ohio PPA would add approximately 23 million megawatt hours on an annual basis, which would essentially close our sales positions through the first half of 2017. In the Corporate segment, 2015 operating earnings were consistent with our guidance, reflecting higher interest and operating expenses as well as a more normal effective income tax rate. 2015 should be recognized as a pivotal year for our company. We were able to raise the operating earnings guidance that we provided, reduce risk and build a solid platform for regulated growth. We're confident that our efforts will help us reach our goal of creating long-term value for FirstEnergy shareholders. Now I'd like to open the call up for your questions.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I wanted to discuss transmission spending opportunities. In your fact book I think it's slide 45, you talk about a review of the reliability in your ATSI system. And maybe that should be phrased more broadly, but just wanted to check-in in terms of as you assess transmission needs, replacement of 69-kV lines, 138-kV lines, what is your sense in terms of the potential for additional spending to enhance reliability in transmission in particular?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, Stephen, we've talked about this a little bit in the past. Our team has identified in excess of $15 billion worth of projects that we could execute, all on our existing 24,000 miles of transmission lines. And that's our focus. And what we do with those projects is we prioritize them in the best way to drive benefits for customers. And my view is the best investments we can make are the ones that customers are willing to pay for and that you all are willing to invest in. So the opportunity is there for us to make these kind of investments for a long time; the ability to add on an annual basis to that is a little bit challenged by the availability of a transmission construction work force in our country. So I wouldn't expect that you would see a huge increase on an annual basis, but you could extrapolate out quite a bit into the future how long we can continue to execute this program.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's very helpful. That makes sense. And wanted to shift over to the Ohio PPA discussions. I'm sure there will be many questions on this. At the FERC level, I guess comments are due February 23 or thereabouts, and I know this is obviously not your preferred outcome, but if the FERC case were to go in opposition to the PPAs, could you talk a little bit about what the implications might be, understanding again that that's not your preferred outcome?
Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets & Chief Legal Officer: Oh hi, Stephen. This is Leila. So I don't think it would be the likely outcome either, but – so let me spend a couple of seconds just kind of recount for the group what that would have actually entailed to get to that place. So right now we have an affiliate waiver and the basis upon which it was granted, those items have not changed. If you think about it, Ohio still, the customers are not captive. They can shop. There hasn't been a law change. That means that the Ohio Commission is still in order to approve the PPA would have to find that the ESP is better than the MRO. They would still be protecting customers. So if you look at those kind of things, again I don't think that it's something that the FERC should rescind, if you would. But if they were to do that, what would happen – they would likely apply the Edgar rule. So you could look at the different provisions of how they look at that. There's several ways to comply with the Edgar rule and one of them looks at non-price terms and conditions. So we would be looking at a hearing dealing with our PPA, and I think there are a lot of things that could be said around the non-term price and conditions that would allow the pricing to stand as well.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gregg Orrill from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Gregg Gillander Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you. Two questions. The first one is regarding the Competitive business guidance for 2016. And I guess it was the same as it was in the third quarter look, despite the fact that wholesale power prices are down. Could you talk about what the drivers there were?
Donald R. Schneider - President, FirstEnergy Solutions (FES), FirstEnergy Solutions Corp.: Sure, Gregg. This is Donnie. If you take a look at our slide 104 of the fact book you can see the EBITDA guidance. And as you clearly indicated, the fall-off in prices, we reflected that in our open position. We're down about $3 there. But we've also lowered our costs, especially our fossil fuel. We went back and took another hard look at some of the things we'd done in CFIP. We were able to lower that. Net of those two things, the lower revenue from the decline in the open position, net of what we've been able to do on the cost side, our commodity margin's only down about $15 million, which is well in the range of our EBITDA.
Gregg Gillander Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, thanks. And then regarding the equity needs, can you talk about your thoughts there in light of some of the write-offs and funding needs that you have?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I've said pretty consistently that we have set a goal of strengthening our balance sheet and getting to where we need to get with the rating agencies without having to use any equity to do that. And I just don't believe that that is the intent of shareholder equity. We've worked very hard this past year. I talked about the results of CFIP. We've also made improvements in other parts of our operation, and then we've got the entire Ohio ESP to get a resolution on before I think we're in any position to talk about what future equity needs might be. We talked about $245 million of incremental investment in Pennsylvania distribution. Under the Ohio ESP there's an extension of the DCR rider plus potential opportunities to invest in increasing the smart distribution network in Ohio. Along with transmission with ATSI, transmission with MAIT, what we need to do and what we plan to do is communicate to you what type of regulated growth rate we're going to strive for going forward, once we have these last remaining questions done. And then any equity needs are going to be driven off of that. They are not going to be driven off of a need for equity to deal with any of the financial issues that we've been trying to wrestle to the ground this last year. They will only be used for growth, and that's our intent.
Gregg Gillander Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: What's your current thinking around when the Ohio Commission will rule, and kind of what's your outlook for potential that – that schedule getting delayed? And if it were delayed beyond the PJM auction, how would it impact your bidding behavior?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, as I said in my comments, we're expecting an answer from the Ohio Commission in March. And so I don't think it's going to affect our bidding behavior one way or another. Our Competitive generating business bids in our Competitive fleet. We have regulated generation in West Virginia already that is bid by a regulated generation group. The two do not talk, as required by FERC's Standards of Conduct. This generation will get bid in by one of those two groups, depending on which side of the fence it's on.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Can you remind us what the original investment in Signal Peak was?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: We made an original cash contribution, about $150 million.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And you sold a piece for what, you said $230 million?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yes. That's – we sold 50% of our interest and we had a cash proceeds of about $234 million.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much. I'm good.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dan Eggers from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Daniel L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey. Good morning, guys.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Dan.
Daniel L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): First question just on – a couple of cash flow questions for you guys, first off. How should we think about bonus depreciation affecting kind of the cash flows coming back in? And how does that get treated at the different utilities/transmission assets as far as adjusting rate base?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Dan, this is Jim. Bonus depreciation, we were already in a large NOL position through the 2018 and 2019 period, so this is just going to extend that beyond 2021. Obviously these years will change somewhat with the approval of the PPA scenario. On the earnings side, it's really a modest impact from a rate base reduction. We'll see a little bit on the transmission side and certain of our other jurisdictions that have formula like rate recovery such as the DCR in Ohio. But I would say the impact to our earnings rate base is going to be minimal.
Daniel L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): So should we assume – what kind of cash tax rate are you guys assuming through 2021? Are you at an AMT or sub-AMT level then?
K. Jon Taylor - Chief Accounting Officer, VP & Controller: Hey, Dan. This is Jon Taylor. We're at the AMT level.
Daniel L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Got it. And then I guess on the pension side, did I read it correctly from the last quarter slides, this quarter slides, that your pension expenses are up about $55 million in 2016 versus 2015 on a pre-tax basis?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, Dan. Two things that are driving that; first is we had a 25 basis point decrease in the return on assets. So we took that down from 7.75% to 7.5%. And then we also saw a 25 basis point increase in the discount rate, which would increase our interest costs. So the two of those was about $50 million.
Daniel L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Got it. And I guess if we look at the kind of, from the K, the five-year funding plans or obligations for pension are up about $600 million through the five-year running period from last K to this K. Do you guys see any funding obligations around that? Or is it – because this is kind of beyond 2016 we'll wait and see what happens in the interest rate environment between here and there?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Dan, what we have out there, and you're right, our five-year required contributions are about $500 million higher than what the five-year required contributions were in the 2014 10-K. Our actuary Aon, they recalibrate that annually. And at this point these are fundings that we would be required to make. As we said, we have a $381 million contribution required in 2016. We've already made $160 million in January. 2017, we have a $439 million pension contribution. That's down somewhat from where we were in the 2014 10-K where we had $555 million, but again that's associated with our actuary recalibrating when our payments are required and some of those payments were moved out to a future year.
Daniel L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you. And I guess just last one on the ESP side in Ohio. Does it become a friction point where you have to have a decision in order to implement rates before ESP3 goes away? And how much time or how much cushion do you guys need between PUCO making a decision and you guys being ready to implement?
Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets & Chief Legal Officer: So, yes. So it does become that point, but I think it's going to be a moot question because I fully expect the Commission to act in March.
Daniel L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): So a decision in March gives you plenty of time.
Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets & Chief Legal Officer: Correct.
Daniel L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. Can you hear me?
Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets & Chief Legal Officer: Yeah.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We can here you.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Excellent. So let me just follow up on what Dan was asking there. First, on the bonus depreciation point, can you elaborate a little bit more on the earnings impact rather than the cash flow? And think about what it does separately to the Transmission and the Distribution side as you think about perhaps the next round of rate case and/or FERC filing?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: At this point, Julien, I would say that the impact on each of the segments would just be pennies. It would not be material at all.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Could you elaborate why that would be, just be clear, just as you think about? Is that principally because you haven't filed, or you don't necessary have a meaningful distribution case contemplated?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. At this point on the Distribution side, it would only impact the utilities that we have formula-like rates considering the DCR in Ohio. We have rates that are in effect in all of our other jurisdictions will likely be looking to go in for rates in New Jersey and Pennsylvania, but that will not be – we won't see changes to our rates probably until the 2017 timeframe at this point, but we'll give you more clarification on that when we have our Analyst Day Meeting.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: And just to clarify Analyst Day expectations, if there is indeed an issue at FERC, I suppose a, you would expect to host your Analyst Day would be in terms of providing guidance, should we continue to expect EBITDA guidance kind of status quo as you laid out? If the 206 is successful.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Well, I think here's where we're at. We're going to wait till we get the outcome in Ohio. Once we have that then we're going to give you a little clearer guidelines on what we're expecting in terms of our Analyst Meeting. One way or another we're going to be giving you guidance for 2016 that includes the ESP or doesn't include the ESP based on where we're at, at that point in time.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And then lastly on the Signal Peak assets, what's the situation in terms of the servicing the debt, just the guarantee there? If you can just elaborate in terms of the assets itself?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Okay, Julien. This is Jim. From servicing the debt, the mine continues to service that debt. The only time that we would have a change there is if we become more of a full-time owner of the mine if we would have control of over 50% of that. The first step we would have to do is likely consolidate that debt on to our balance sheet. Right now it's not consolidated because we're only a 33% owner. And then ultimately if there was a capital call that the other owners were not able to fulfill that would also likely require us to make that capital call. At the end, of that $300 million, $100 million is purely ours because we own a 33% interest in that and once we understand fully what happens to the mine, if it would happen to shut down then we would be responsible to fill that obligation to the banks.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: The balance of the obligation.
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: That's correct.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning. How are you?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just on, a quick question here. In terms of the PPA associated generation, how much of that if you could remind me, cleared in the 2018/2019 auction?
Donald R. Schneider - President, FirstEnergy Solutions (FES), FirstEnergy Solutions Corp.: This is Donny, Paul. So Sammis and Beaver Valley it all cleared in the 2018/2019 auction. I'm sorry, Sammis and Davis-Besse, it all cleared in the 2018/2019 auction.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then you guys brought up sort of an interesting issue here in terms of how your generation in the PPA would be similar to regulated generation, et cetera. And I don't recall when the Harrison Plant acquisition by the regulated affiliate in Virginia was – or West Virginia, excuse me, was being purchased, this much of an issue in terms of opposition, et cetera, from generators, et cetera. Why do you think in this case it's being so much more of an issue than it would be in the Harrison case when it sounds to me, and correct me if I'm wrong, the economics would kind of be similar in terms of the impact on the market?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I am at a complete loss for why it is such a big issue for others, because I do think it is financially the same as what happened with Harrison. These units will no longer supply retail load. They will no longer supply polar load. They are not going to influence the competitive market in any way. So I'm at a complete loss for why it has generated such adamant opposition other than potentially misery loves company.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay.
Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets & Chief Legal Officer: And if I could add on just a little bit to that. So if you think about the parade of horribles that EPSA and others highlighted in their complaint to FERC, they talked about if you let these generating units look regulated, have in effect what they called an out of market subsidy, that would crash the marketplace. Well, if you think about PJM, as Chuck alluded to earlier, 20% of PJM is already regulated. And that doesn't even include the FRR entities. And if you think about what they were talking about, the bidding aspect of this, it's public information that prior to capacity performance three-quarters, so 75% of the megawatts in the PJM capacity auctions bid at zero. So they bid at price takers. And after CP it was about roughly half. But if you think about it with the new penalty, that what you associated with that penalty should kind of be your new zero. So I would suggest that the new price takers is actually even higher than 50%. So what that would suggest is some of the generators who actually filed this and complained so loudly saying that it was going to crash the market, they themselves actually bid into the capacity market at zero.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Fair enough. And then just on the...
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Hey, Paul, and just to be clear on the capacity, I said it all cleared. In actuality when you look at our fact book on slide 119, you'd see that there were 525-megawatts in ATSI that did not clear. And...
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I'm sorry. Go ahead.
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: A slice of that may be at Sammis and Davis-Besse, but essentially it all cleared.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: What do you – why would a slice of it not (44:20), I guess?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Well, to the degree we bid all of our units on a curve, there could be a slice that didn't clear.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. That would be Sammis and Davis-Besse?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, generally we bid all of our units on a curve, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. But I mean I guess what I'm wondering, though, is that of the PPA-affiliated plants, some of it may have cleared and some of it may not have cleared. Is that correct?
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: It would not look any different than the rest of our unregulated plants, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Just to get back to Julien's question on the – just to make sure I understand on the Global Holding guarantee, the $300 million. It wasn't clear to me exactly how much on the hook you guys are if the Signal Peak mine becomes uneconomic or unable to – and you don't get the capital calls from third parties. How much would be the total risk that you guys may or may not have? I'm just – it wasn't clear completely.
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: The total amount would be $300 million, less any types of proceeds that we could get from the sale of the mine. So if we cannot sell the mine for anything, the maximum would be $300 million.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay.
James F. Pearson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Assuming that there is some value to the mine, we would be able to use those proceeds to reduce that amount of exposure.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Hey. Good morning. Just two quick questions I guess on the PPA is first, do you think FERC rules before the May PJM auction? And second, you had mentioned the waiver earlier, that you have a waiver between your utility and competitive generation. Is the waiver unique to a particular PPA or is it I guess for any PPA that goes between your utility and competitive businesses?
Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets & Chief Legal Officer: This is Leila. So it covers all the transactions between the utilities and the affiliates. And again, the basis upon which it was granted, the circumstances haven't changed. The Commission still retains the ability to protect customers. And I apologize, I forgot your first question?
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Just do you think FERC rules before the auction in May?
Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets & Chief Legal Officer: Oh, whether it will rule, I'm sorry. Yes. Nothing's carved in stone and they don't have to. EPSA asked for expedited treatment, but most people believe that they will act before the auction and probably act on the filed paper as opposed to holding a hearing. That would be my best guess.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Just quickly then, has FERC ever reversed policy and revoked a waiver?
Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets & Chief Legal Officer: I don't know the entire history, but I could tell you what FERC has done with regard to captive customers and shopping. FERC on several occasions has been asked to kind of look behind the curtain and opine whether a state's particular flavor of retail choice is what they would agree with or not. And FERC has consistently said no, as long as they're not captive customers, as long as they can shop, then we're not going to try and second guess what commissions do.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Praful Mehta from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks. Hi, guys.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Sorry to go on the PPA question again, but I'm just trying to understand the other side. And I know this is clearly not the preferred path, but if the PPA does get cancelled for whichever partner or how it gets cancelled, I'm just trying to paint a picture first from an equity needs perspective and also from a strategic fit perspective. As in, if you do see the PPA getting cancelled, is there any view on how the equity need requirement changes, especially to support the credit? And secondly, strategically do you see this business as still a fit within FE? Or do you look to do an exit in some form at some point?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, first off we have not communicated any earnings guidance for full year 2016, whether the PPA gets done or not, and I'm not going to do that here this morning. What I've said is we will deal with that outcome when we have it, and we will communicate at that time what our earnings guidance for 2016 is, what our future growth plans for the utilities are, what our future equity needs might be, if anything, to support that growth. So I think you're just going to have to be patient and wait for the outcome, and then we'll tell you where we're at at that point in time. And beyond that I've consistently said I think that Generation, Transmission and Distribution are all critical assets in terms of serving customers. And right now I don't see any strategic change there for us.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Fair enough. And on the second question, if I look at the generation of the Competitive business and I look at the...
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And I would remind you that in my remarks I told you that this business is generating positive EBITDA, positive cash flow through 2018 without any benefit from the Energy Security Plan.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Gotcha. And that's a great lead-in actually to my second question which is, as I think about that positive free cash flow, I guess an important part of that is just the different channels that you sell your generation through. And LCI looks like an important piece of that puzzle. The range that you generally provide for LCI is in the zero to 20-terawatt hours of sales in that LCI direct. 2017 looks like it's just at 5 terawatt hours right now. And clearly it's early days and you're waiting for the PPA. But is there – the reason why I'm focused on it is, the LCI price versus the spot price, there's like almost a $20 per megawatt hour difference. So I'm just trying to put a lower bound on that LCI sale, as in, at a minimum what level do you see achieving at LCI or LCI channel sales in the 2016/2017 timeframe?
Donald R. Schneider - President, FirstEnergy Solutions (FES), FirstEnergy Solutions Corp.: So this is Donny. I think actually if you look at slide 104 in the fact book it shows LCI, MCI and mass market we've got 16.4 terawatt hours closed already for 2016 delivery.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): No, I'm looking at 2017 and LCI for 2017 is 5 terawatt hours which is what I'm looking at.
Donald R. Schneider - President, FirstEnergy Solutions (FES), FirstEnergy Solutions Corp.: Oh, yeah sure. Yeah. We've got a ways to go there. LCI customers generally are shorter terms contracts compared to government aggregation for example. So it would not be unusual to be able to close 10 terawatt hours or 15 terawatt hours in a year prior to the delivery year.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got you. And do you expect those prices to be at similar levels to where you currently cleared which is around $54 per megawatt hour, $55 per megawatt hour?
Donald R. Schneider - President, FirstEnergy Solutions (FES), FirstEnergy Solutions Corp.: That's more difficult to say, because what you got to keep in mind embedded in that price is the price of capacity. So a customer in ATSI in the 2015/2016 timeframe is going to look different than a RTO customer and that's going to look different than a customer in the 2017/2018 timeframe. So it's very hard for us to say kind of what price we would end up locking those in at. What I would tell you is we would have consistent margins.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got you. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman from Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar Research: Good morning. This will be quick I think. In comparing the fact sheets, it looks like the transmission spend you're projecting a little up for 2016, lower in 2017. But nothing has changed with respect to Energizing the Future. I mean the overall project is pretty much on track from the way you initially set it up a couple of years ago, correct?
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's correct.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar Research: That's the only question I had. Thank you.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right.
Charles E. Jones - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, well there are no more questions in the queue. I'd just like to thank you all for your continued support. I look forward to getting our answer from Ohio here in a few weeks and then look forward to meeting you all face to face at the Analyst Meeting following that. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude our teleconference for today. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Meghan Beringer - Director, Investor Relations Chuck Jones - President and CEO Jim Pearson - Senior Vice President and CFO Donny Schneider - President, FirstEnergy Solutions Jon Taylor - Vice President, Controller and CAO Steve Staub - Vice President and Treasurer Irene Prezelj - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Anthony Crowdell - Jefferies Greg Orrill - Barclays Bank Paul Zimbardo - UBS Chris Turnure - JP Morgan Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Charles Fishman - Morningstar Ashar Khan - Visium Ryan Caylor - Tudor, Pickering, Holt
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp’s Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Meghan Beringer, Director, Investor Relations for FirstEnergy. Thank you, Miss Beringer. You may now begin.
Meghan Beringer: Thanks, Rob. Good morning and welcome to our quarter earnings call. Today, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies and prospects. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the Earnings Information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are also available on our website. Participating in today’s call are Chuck Jones, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Pearson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Donny Schneider, President of FirstEnergy Solutions; Jon Taylor, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Steve Staub, Vice President and Treasurer and Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations. Now I will turn the call over to Chuck Jones.
Chuck Jones: Thanks, Meghan. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today. We’re pleased to report another solid quarter for FirstEnergy. Last night we reported third quarter operating earnings of $0.98 per share, which is $0.06 above the top of our guidance range for the quarter. As Jim will discuss in greater detail, these results reflect a solid performance across all three of our business segments. Based on our strong third quarter and year-to-date performance, we’re raising and narrowing our full year 2015 operating earnings guidance to a range of 267 to 275 per share from our previous range of 240 to 270 per share. This is shaping up to be a great year for FirstEnergy and as we look forward to 2016, our employees can be proud of what they’ve achieved. In addition to strong earnings, we have made tremendous progress on key initiatives that can provide us with greater strength and flexibility as we work to achieve our future goals. So far this year we have clarity on the results from two of these initiatives. The cash flow improvement project and PJM capacity market reforms and we continue to make progress on the third initiative, the Ohio ESP. As we discussed in July, our cash flow improvement project exceeded our initial target and should generate at least 240 million in cash flow improvements by 2017. That project would solicit cost savings ideas from across the company is rolling out as we expected and we remain fully on track to capture the 58 million in cash flow improvements identified for 2015. Overall, this effort is not only establishing a new cost structure for the company. It has also helped us to initiate a culture change around spending. Employees continue to provide suggestions for meaningful and sustainable ways to reduce our cost structure, which could drive modes incremental savings going forward on top of what we have already communicated. We’re also cautiously optimistic capacity market reforms that are now in place at PJM. Results from the base residual and transitional auctions held in August and September were in line with our expectations. With the pay for performance model resulting and clearing prices that come closer to reflecting the true operating costs of our generating plans. You’ll recall that we raised our 2016 adjusted EBITDA guidance range for our competitive business in September as a result of the higher capacity and all of our uncommitted generation clearing the transitional auction for the 2016, 2017 delivery years. And we are reaffirming that range. We’re also raising and narrowing our 2015 adjusted EBITDA guidance based on our year-to-date results and the impact of our cash flow initiative. While Jim will provide more of the details about adjusted EBITDA for our competitive business in a few minutes, I wanted to take a moment to address our current thinking about 2017. All of our uncommitted generation cleared the 2017, 2018 transitional auction as well. But as you know our proposed purchase power agreement Ohio would impact generation sales for seven months in 2016 and the full year of 2017. So while we consider providing an adjusted EBITDA range for 2017 on this call, we ultimately decided that we do not have enough information yet to offer a constructive view. We remain committed to being transparent and we intend to provide you with this outlook once there is more clarity. With that said, we’re pleased that the combination of our cash flow initiative and PJM capacity revenues from recent auctions will further strengthen the overall cash flow position for our competitive business. And you’ll recall that we already expected that business to be cash flow positive through at least 2018, prior to the incremental benefits of these two initiatives. Many of you have asked if we intend to shut down additional shut down additional plants. I tell our employees, we’re working hard to ensure all remaining generation remains viable. The results of the Ohio ESP and future auctions will give us a better understanding of the longer term outlook on our at risk space [ph] little power plants and we continue to consider fuel and transportation contracts as well as environmental matters such as the EPAs Clean Power Plan, which was finalized in August. We are particularly interested and that rolls treatment of existing nuclear generation, state specific emission reduction targets, the compliance time line and state flexibility. While we are advocating for an interpretation that allows for a thoughtful engineering based approach to ensure reliable energy resources for our customers, we will not have full clarity on the rules impact until state implementation plans are submitted, which could be as late as 2018 and then approved by the EPA. To ensure that our critical base little power plants continue operating and to help safeguard our customers against price increases and volatility, we remain committed to our Ohio Electric Security Plan. The evidence you’re already hearing for the ESP began August and rebuttal testimony was filed last week. We currently expect a decision by early 2016 and we continue our discussions with the PUCO staff and other parties to reach a positive outcome for our Ohio customers. In fact you may have noticed that Leila is not on the call today. She is in Columbus, working on the ESP as we speak and I think that’s where we would all rather have her. Once we have an outcome in Ohio, we have the information necessary to more fully assess FirstEnergy’s earning for 2016, regulated growth in future years as well as our cash flow over the next several years. As we’ve talked about previously, at that point we will determine future equity needs, if any to help support our regulated growth initiatives. We’re also laying the ground work for sustainable reliability investments in Pennsylvania. Last week, our four utilities in the state filed long-term infrastructure improvement plans with the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission. In total these plans call for a projected increase in capital investment of nearly $245 million over the next five years to strengthen, upgrade and modernize our distribution systems. We’re anticipating that PUCs approval of the LTA [ph] proposals by mid-February. Once we have approval to the plan, we will use the distribution system improvement charge at each company to recover the appropriate fixed costs that are the part of the plans. In New Jersey, we’re further enhancing our current service reliability program with an additional 25 million spending in 2015. These expenditures which are expected to have a $0.04 per share impact on fourth quarter of 2015 earnings, will not only enhance our current service reliability program, but also demonstrate our commitment to make JCP&L a stronger company. Of course a significant part of our growth plan includes our growth plan includes our Energizing the Future transmission initiative which remains on pace to invest $970 million this year with about 80% of that amount spent year-to-date. Recent projects include final planning and preliminary site work for a new substation near Smithfield West Virginia that will support the shale gas industry and enhance service reliability in Mon Power. We are also nearing completion on a transmission reinforcement project including a substation and 6 mile, 138 kV line in Harrison County West Virginia that will enhance service reliability for more than 14,000 Mon Power customers in Harrison, Louis and Gilmer counties. We expect the substation to be energized in December. We are pleased to report that late yesterday afternoon FERC approved our settlement agreement for ATSI’s forward-looking formula rate structure. In addition, our proposal to move our Met-Ed, Penelec and JCP&L transmission assets into a new affiliate called Mid-Atlantic Interstate Transmission or MAIT is moving through the FERC and state approval processes. We continue to seek final state approval for MAIT by mid-2016. If approved we expect this structure to facilitate investments that can improve service reliability for these utility customers. Lastly we remain committed to holding an analyst meeting after we have results from our Ohio case. Now, I will turn the call over to Jim for a brief review of the quarter and our expectations for the remainder of the year. As always we will reserve plenty of time for your questions before the end of the hour.
Jim Pearson: Thanks Chuck and good morning everyone. Before I get started I will remind you that more detailed information about the quarter can be found in the consolidated report that was posted to our website yesterday evening. We also welcome your questions in the Q&A or following the call. Our strong third quarter operating earnings of $0.98 per share compares to $0.89 per share in the third quarter of 2014. On a GAAP basis earnings were $0.94 per share for the third quarter of 2015 compared to $0.79 per share during the same period last year. Our operating earnings primarily reflect higher distribution sales and the net impact of previously resolved rate cases. Higher transmission revenues that resulted from our Energizing the Future initiative and ATSI’s forward-looking rate structure and higher commodity margin in our competitive business partially offset by higher operating expenses and a higher effective tax rate. In our distribution business residential sales increased 9% and commercial sales increased 2.6% compared to the third quarter of 2014, primarily resulting from cooling degree days that were 36% higher than last year and 13% above normal. Adjusting for weather however, residential deliveries decreased nearly 1% and commercials sales were down 2.4% reflecting the impact of energy efficiency mandates. As we mentioned during our second quarter call, we are examining the usage trend in all three customer classes particularly the impact of energy efficiency on residential usage and we will be prepared to discuss our load forecast in more detail during our analyst meeting. However, we do believe we are seeing the effects of energy efficient lightings sooner and with a larger impact than previous estimates. In the industrial sector, sales decreased 3.2% in the quarter as a result of lower usage from our steel, coal mining and electrical equipment and manufacturing customers partially offset by increased usage from shale gas and automotive sectors. In our transmission business third quarter operating earnings increased $0.04 to $0.17 per share as a result of higher revenue associated with a higher rate base and ATSI’s forward-looking rate structure which began in January. In our competitive business operating earnings increased $0.09 per share compared to the third quarter of 2014. Commodity margin increased $0.15 per share due to favorable summer weather that was warm, but not extreme coupled with lower commodity costs. Contract sales volume decreased in line with our expectation, while wholesale sales volume increased slightly. Variable margin benefited from higher capacity revenues, lower purchase power costs and fuel expense and lower transmission charges. Operating cost increased compared to the third quarter of 2014 primarily due to greater expense related to a nuclear refueling outage this quarter at Beaver Valley 2. We remain committed to our ongoing strategy of mitigating risk by reducing sales to weather sensitive channels and have reduced the size of our residential retail book by approximately 38% since the third quarter of 2014 and also reduced the size of our weather sensitive commercial industrial book over the same period. Looking at our sales position, for 2016 we have about 59 million megawatt hours or about 75% of our expected generation resources committed and we are currently about 45% committed for 2017 with about 36 million megawatt hours sold. As Chuck discussed earlier, we are raising and narrowing our 2015 adjusted EBITDA range for the competitive business to 945 million to 975 million from 875 million to 950 million based on our results through the first nine months of the year and the projected savings from the cash flow improvement project. We are also reaffirming the 2016 adjusted EBITDA range that we provided in September of 950 million to 1.5 billion and as Chuck mentioned we intend to provide 2017 adjusted EBITDA after the Ohio ESP is resolved. Moving to other financial matters, during the September investor conferences, we received questions about our pension funding plan. So we wanted to spend a moment clarifying this topic. As we do each year, we disclosed our estimated pension funding requirements for the next several years as of December 31, 2014 in the Form 10-K that was filed in February and as always we include those future funding estimates in our internal long-term planning process. You’ll recall we contributed $143 million to our pension fund earlier this year. Consistent with our normal process we will provide an update for estimated funding requirement for future years when we file our 2015 Form 10-K this coming February. I will also note that we have essentially completed our financing plans for 2015 and our expected financing plans for 2016 do not include any issuance of long term debt until the middle of next year. As Chuck said earlier, 2015 is shaping up to be a strong and important year for FirstEnergy as we create a new frame work for our future. We have raised our operating earnings guidance based on the success of our strategies and we are making solid progress towards our goals of building long-term value for shareholders through predictable customer focused regulated growth. Now I would like to open the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Anthony Crowdell with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Crowdell: Just a quick question I guess on Ohio PPA I am sure it will be a trend for the call, but I believe the record closes today in Columbus does the closing of the record complicate the chances of a settlement since nothing new could be introduced.
Chuck Jones: I don’t think it complicates the opportunity for a settlement at all. I think we have the opportunity to settle the case all the way through any final outcome actually. So it closes the record as far as anything new being introduced into the record as far as testimony and rebuttal testimony, but it doesn’t prohibit ongoing discussions.
Anthony Crowdell: Great, thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Our next question is from Greg Orrill with Barclays Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Orrill: Yeah, thank you. May be a follow up there on generally how you are feeling about the process of negotiating the PPAs and whether you feel you have better likelihood of nuclear versus coal.
Chuck Jones: Well as I’ve said all along, I think that the plan that we filed is the best plan for the customers in Ohio and we continue to work to educate the commission staff as best we can on why we believe that is the case. I think, we are continuing to discuss certain parameters around the filing, but I would expect that as we go forward we are going to continue to talk about the PPA in somewhat the fashion that we filed it. Now, having said that there is always some room for negotiation, but I think the whole idea here is, we filed a plan that’s good for customers, protects them over the long haul and at the end of the day as I’ve told - I’ve gone through the example of what happens when plants closed in the past, it creates spending and transmission that customers pay for so I think this plan kind of is neutral to what the transmission spending would be and I still think that something that we can get through across goal line with.
Greg Orrill: And maybe just a question around the pension mark-to- market and kind of your treatment there and that doesn’t show up in the earnings guidance, how are you thinking about that?
Jim Pearson: Yeah, Greg this is Jim. It will not show up in our operating earnings guidance. We have historically treated that as a mark-to-market, in fact if you look at our consolidated report we have put a disclosure in there of what the range of potential impact or GAAP earnings would be if we would have marked that pension plan. Effective September 30, our plan had a loss on our return on assets of about 3.5% and discount range was 4.25%, so we put a range in there assuming that our assets return will remain at that level and the discount rate would be anywhere between 4.25% and 4.5%. As you know October has been a very good month in the equity markets, in fact it’s been probably one of the strongest months in history, so the return on our assets has improved somewhat and if we had to mark that today our discount range would be in the 4.5% range. So my expectation, all things being equal, if they don’t change from today that range that we gave of $0.30 to $0.67, it would be the lower end and in fact it may be less than $0.37 and may be less than 250 million that we disclosed. From a funding stand point, we have disclosed in the 10-K last year that it would be above 1.7 billion for the period ‘15 through ‘19. We did contribute a 143 million this year. From a funding standpoint we will have to see where the discount rate is and where the return on the assets are at the end of the year, but I don’t expect anything to be materially different than what we disclosed in our 10-K in 2014.
Greg Orrill: Great, thanks
Chuck Jones: I would just follow on a little bit though Jim’s answered it. I think we have been very open in disclosing what our pension funding obligations might be and the impact on our GAAP earnings, but from the very beginning of me coming into this position, one of the things we talked about was earnings quality and I think this quarter $0.94 and $0.98 GAAP versus non-GAAP. We have really reduced that gap between GAAP and non-GAAP as I told you I would and I think our earnings quality for all three quarters is substantially improved and that’s the way we expect to operate going forward.
Greg Orrill: Thank you, congratulations on the quarter
Chuck Jones: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Zimbardo with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Zimbardo: Good morning, another Ohio question if you will. We have seen few data points on potential new bill in Ohio recently now just hoping you could comment on how if at all you see these developments impacting the discussion the Ohio mission that’s starting, yeah.
Chuck Jones: I wouldn’t expect that they should have any impact on the discussion we are having with Ohio and there’s - conversely I don’t think the discussions we are having with Ohio should have any impact on any decisions for new builds because the construct of our energy security plan it has no impact on the competitive markets, so I don’t think the two are linked at all.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay, great and then unrelated question, I noticed the revolver borrowing fund about a billion quarter-over-quarter ,could you comment on if this represents kind of change in how you see the financial structure?
Jim Pearson: Yeah, I am not sure that revolver borrowings increased a billion dollars quarter-over-quarter, in fact if you look at our entire financing plan for the entire year we expect to increase debt just by above $350 million dollars year-over-year and most of that will be new long-term debt associated with the distribution and transmission business. In fact our revolver borrowings at the end of the 2014 were about 1.8 billion and my expectation is that they are going to be right in that range maybe slightly less than that the by the end of the year. So there is no real impact on our financing plans there.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay I just looked at the short-term borrowing declined a billion, I know you’d mentioned in the past your trying to or considering terming -
Jim Pearson: I thought you said that they were up and that was what was confusing me, right. Now they would be down.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Sorry to clarify, is that indication that you are trying to term more out or that’s just kind of normal fluctuation for the quarter. A That’s normal fluctuation. It’s not that we are terming any of that out.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Chris Turnure with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Turnure: Good morning guys, I wanted to get a little bit more clarity on transmission CapEx going forward basically versus the current CapEx that you have laid out in your slides. If you are successful with the, I guess the innovation [ph] of the assets in New Jersey and Pennsylvania how can we think about directional potential changes there in magnitude?
Chuck Jones: Well you’re going to have to wait for the analyst meeting. We’ve talked about 4.2 billion of transmission spend, four year period from ‘14 through ‘17 and at this point in time I am not prepared to say where we expect that number to be ‘18 and beyond, but I think as we get through the Ohio ESP and then we see the company that we have a base to build upon after that. I think when we have our Analyst Meeting we’ll talk to you more about what we expect to do in the future.
Chris Turnure: Okay. And then on cost cutting, you indicated that there is a potential to increase the numbers as you’ve laid them out right now, the numbers are pretty meaningful over the next several years, but they do mostly come from the unregulated side of the business. Could you talk a little bit more in detail maybe about what you’re looking at that’s incremental to this and any opportunities more specifically on the regulated side of the business there?
Chuck Jones: Well, first off, I wouldn’t expect them to be substantial and what I’ve kind of challenged the team to do is we need to continue to find efficiencies in this business that will offset any inflationary forces on our cost structure, specific to the utility side of things in an environment where we’re investing in reliability improvements now pretty much across our footprint. Taking cost out of the utilities doesn’t make sense right now. So I wouldn’t expect to see a lot of it come out of the utilities. We’re taking any incremental. That doesn’t mean we’re not focusing on efficient spending in the utilities, but as we create the efficiencies where recycling that back into more investment and more improved service for our customers rather than pulling it out and ultimately reducing the cost structure for the utilities.
Chris Turnure: Great, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Mr. Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Dan Eggers: Hi, good morning, guys. First question for you just on the transmission guidance increase, CapEx has been in line basically with plan, but the earnings power from transmissions were 10% higher than you had budgeted for the year. What are you ascribing that improvement to? And how should we think about capitalizing the new base line for ‘16 and beyond?
Jim Pearson: Yeah, this is Jim. The way I would look at that, Dan, is that when we went into the year, we had some relatively conservative assumptions because of the uncertainty with the forward-looking rates within ATSI, not only the ROE but potential refunding in that. So I would say our initial estimate was somewhat conservative. And we also have a little higher rate base associated with in servicing some of the projects sooner than we had anticipated. When I would compare, say, ‘16 to ‘15, clearly we’ll give you more guidance at our Analyst Meeting. But I would say the headwinds we are going to face next year is, we are going to have a lower ROE in ATSI. So that’s going to impact our earnings somewhat and some of our transmission spend will be directed towards the former GPU companies where they’re still on standard rates and I would not look for me like rate recovery until beginning in 2017. So I would consider probably ‘15 and ‘16 years to be somewhat flattish and then we will move on in ‘17 once we have the MAIT completed in investments going towards the GPU companies.
Dan Eggers: That was helpful. Thank you. On the demand response case, the Supreme Court’s heard it now, you guys are very vested in the process. What was your read on what happened in this Supreme Court and then your expectations for when we’ll get a decision and then whatever adoptions that the PJM will have to make.
Chuck Jones: So I should have preempted all of these Q&A by stating this. I said earlier, Leila is not here and I don’t think you want any of us other than Leila judging what’s happening at the Supreme Court. So here is what I’ll do, Dan, Irene will talk with Leila and we’ll get back to you on that one, but I just don’t feel comfortable asking - answering technical legal questions.
Dan Eggers: Okay, that’s fair enough. And then, Jim, looking back at the 10-K on the pension, I know this is kind of still bubbling out there. You guys had said out about $880 million for pension funding in ‘16 and ‘17 and then 646 in ‘18, ‘19, are those still realistic or is there a weighted shift some of the timing of that money being put to work?
Jim Pearson: No, those are still pretty much realistic and those are based on requirements. Dan, it’s not that we can shift money. We could fund more earlier, but you look at what your funding has to be over a seven-year period and so you have to fund at least that amount. I don’t expect when we update that ‘16 and ‘17 will be much different than what we disclosed in our 10-K for 2014. But we will just update some of the years based on where the return on the assets are and where the discount rate is. The Senate had just passed the, I guess, I got the five partisan budget bill. We had extended the funding or the smoothing requirements three additional years through 2020, so that will give some type of relief, because you will be able to use your historical discount rate during those funding periods. So that will lessen all things being equal our funding requirements over that period of time.
Dan Eggers: So your assumptions in the 10-K are reflective of the extension of the smoothing or would that lower that number?
Jim Pearson: No, the 10-K that we filed in 2014 did not take into account any of the changes to the smoothing and primarily that smoothing doesn’t impact our funding until year 2019.
Dan Eggers: Okay and then I guess just on the financing side of it, you guys have been keen not to talk about equity needs and that sort of thing, but should we expect more comprehensive planning update at the Analyst and would that then include whatever you would have to fund for the pension perspective?
Chuck Jones: Yeah, I think that’s the whole game plan, Dan. Let’s get Ohio behind us one way or another, find out where that leaves us. We know pretty much where capacity performance landed and we know we’ve done internally to strengthen our cash flows. I think at that point in time we are going to give you more of a view towards the future. Two thousand and fifteen has been all about kind of strengthening the base that we want to build from.
Dan Eggers: Okay, great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mr. Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Good morning. Can you hear me?
Chuck Jones: Good morning. Yeah.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Just as a follow-up on Ohio for a second, if you guys were to get a settlement, what would the process be in terms of after that? I mean would there be - I assume comments there would be and stuff on that and how much time before after a settlement, do you think it would take for approval of that settlement to take place?
Chuck Jones: Yes, there would be an opportunity for comment. I expect we are going to end up at the same place here regardless of a settlement which is an outcome that’s finalized early next year.
Paul Patterson: Okay and by early you mean first couple of months.
Chuck Jones: I would think so, yeah.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then in terms of the pension funding, could you remind me how much the breakdown is between regulated and non-regulated with that obligation?
Chuck Jones: I would say that probably about 60% of the unfunded would reside in the regulated companies.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then you mentioned some intriguing step about the energy efficiency in lighting and the deployment of that’s been a little bit more aggressive than what you previously have thought. I’m just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on that in terms of what sectors you are seeing that in and what customer classes?
Chuck Jones: From my standpoint, the biggest impact has been in the residential sector. We’ve seen somewhat in commercial, typically commercial customers will move towards more energy efficient products sooner than residential. But when you think about the lighting, the Federal Energy Efficiency Lighting standards kicked in 2015. You can’t buy an incandescent bulb right now and we’ve always expected that we would see some impact to our residential usage associated with that. It’s just happening a little bit faster than we had originally planned on our original load forecast.
Paul Patterson: How much - I guess why is that do you think? And because like you said, all the stuff is sort of known. I mean what do you - can you give us a little bit more flavors to how much more that you are seeing and why you think you are seeing it?
Chuck Jones: It’s hard for me to talk about customer behavior especially this early on, but my suspicion is that the cost of these bulbs are coming down and they are being offered in a number of stores and consumers are just switching those bulbs sooner than we thought they would be. And as we said, we are looking at this pretty closely right now and we should have a better view on that when we come to the Analyst Meeting. But as we said, we automatically knew that this was going to happen. It’s just maybe happening a little sooner than we expected.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And we’ll find out obviously in the Analyst Meeting what it means for energy - for the energy efficiency, but I would suggest that you guys are expecting to see more sooner than previously thought. Is that --?
Chuck Jones: Yeah, we’ll have that build into the load forecast we have.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mr. Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Ridzon: Thank you. I just had a real quick question about CES fourth quarter drivers. I think I’ve done math right, recalling looking for a flattish quarter versus 4Q last year after you had a nice pickup in the third quarter here?
Chuck Jones: Yeah, I would say during the fourth quarter we would expect that the earnings would be pretty much flat quarter-over-quarter.
Paul Ridzon: We’re getting a big capacity pick-up, aren’t we?
Chuck Jones: Yeah, we are, but we have Beaver Valley that’s out essentially in an entire month of October.
Paul Ridzon: Got it. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mr. Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman: Thank you. I just have one left. On the LTIP that was filed in Pennsylvania a couple of weeks ago, it implies from the release that’s a quarterly rate rider. Is that a done deal? I mean is that legislation or is that - you took commission [indiscernible] another utility that’s done that? You are pretty confident you will get that quarterly rider?
Chuck Jones: Well, the way the process works in Pennsylvania as you file a long-term infrastructure improvement plan, which pretty much details the types of investments and the impact for customers that you expect to achieve. The Pennsylvania Public Utilities Commission reviews the LTIP, Once they review and approve the plan, then recovery under the distribution system, plus recovery rider is essentially, it’s a legislative recovery and it’s essentially very certain [ph] after that. So as long as we spend what we say we were going to spend and do what we say we’re going to do.
Charles Fishman: Okay. That was the only question I had. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ashar Khan with Visium. Please proceed with your question.
Ashar Khan: Good morning and congrats on a good quarter. Chuck, just going back to the expectations of getting this case done by early next year, is it fair to assume that - are you able to reach a settlement it should come in the next month or so?
Chuck Jones: I’m not going to handicap it, Ashar. I mean we’re working every day, talking on the phone, Leila is down there meeting with the staff today, working through a lot of complex issues and it’s a very complex case. So I don’t want to put pressure on Leila nor on the Commission staff or any other parties that we are talking with. We just keep working through the process. And I believe that there is an opportunity for an ultimate settlement, because I think that we are getting to the point where everybody is starting to really understand why it’s good for customers.
Ashar Khan: Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from [indiscernible] with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys. Just a couple of quick questions, one on CS, when we look at 2017 fact book and we look at the breakdown of the hedges and the contracted revenues that you have, it looks like there is a significant proportion that’s clearly open right now, 36 terawatt hours that’s committed sales and the rest is open. Do you expect more committed sales to happen in the buckets of the MM, MCI, OCI, GA [indiscernible] those structures? Do you expect more contracting or committed sales to happen in 2017 for that? Or is it generally all going to flow into the wholesale bucket?
Chuck Jones: The first item is it does not contemplate PPA scenario at all. So we are successful in getting the PPAs done. That will reduce by about half.
Donny Schneider: Yeah.
Chuck Jones: Donny, go ahead.
Donny Schneider: Yeah, yeah, Chuck is absolutely right. With the PPA, we only have about 3 terawatt hours open in the front half of ‘17 and about 16 terawatt hours in the back half and to answer your question, with the PPA we would move that into our sales channels regardless of the PPA, we would move it into the sales channels, we wouldn’t take it all to the wholesale market. Without the PPA, you’ve got a 41 terawatt hours again more heavily weighted on the back half of ‘17.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you and that 41 terawatt hours, if there is no PPA would be moving into the wholesale bucket?
Donny Schneider: No, no. We would move it into our LCI or [indiscernible] channels. Wholesale is kind of our last resort if you will, because we don’t make much margin on that.
Unidentified Analyst: So of the 80 or so terawatt hours in total approximately 40 would be committed in the non-PPA scenario?
Donny Schneider: No, we would still hold some back for the spot market. We would hold back by about 15 to 20 terawatt hours in the spot market.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you. So what is the total committed sales you would expect in the non-PPA scenario for 2017?
Donny Schneider: So it would be about 75 minus 15 or 20 so about 55 terawatt hours.
Unidentified Analyst: I got you. Okay, got it.
Chuck Jones: What Donny is describing is we are going to run that business kind of like a utility. We are going to sell forward two-thirds to three-fourths of our available generation. We are going to keep, as he said, 15 to 20 megawatt hours opened to use as what I refer to as reserve margin to ensure ourselves against weather days, cold weather days to ensure ourselves against a unit. It doesn’t perform as expected and essentially be able to deliver more consistent earnings out of that sector than what we have been able to do in the past because we were exposed to volatility and we were exposed to poor performance by our generating fleet.
Unidentified Analyst: Fair enough. Sorry, go ahead.
Donny Schneider: As you said, if you look at our fact book on slide 98, page 49, it lays out those sales channels and our ranges around it.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah, now got it exactly. I’m just saying that I looked at the fact book for 2017 that 36 terawatt hours of committed sales and I was just trying to bridge to what would it look like in naturally 2017 if you had no PPA and that was helpful color that you gave me.
Donny Schneider: Sure.
Unidentified Analyst: If I would have bridged to that number that you just said, as you exit certain [indiscernible] contracts, how did that shape like the 2017 committed sales? I’m just trying to understand what would be the proportions of the different buckets as you kind of think about in a non-PPA scenario, what it would look like with the committed sales?
Donny Schneider: Yeah, so I would say in a non-PPA scenario if you look at our 2016 EBITDA slide, that’s going to give you the pretty good proportions and we are not intending to change those proportions.
Unidentified Analyst: Fair enough. Got you. Okay, thank you and then finally just a quick question on NOLs. I know that NOLs clearly help from a deferred tax perspective right now. Do you still kind of see them as a 2017-18 timeframe kind of full utilization of NOLs?
Chuck Jones: Yeah, our expectation is that, well, first bonus depreciation, we think it’s likely to be extended through the ‘15 and ‘16 timeframe. That’s not part of the budget bill, but it’s typically done usually at the end of the year in an extender. If the bonus depreciation is not extended, then we’ll likely expire our NOLs around the end of 2018 or into 2019. Assuming bonus depreciation is extended, then we could go out further into the 2020 timeframe. Again that would be impacted by the resolution of the Ohio ESP.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood, got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mr. Ryan Caylor with Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please proceed with your question.
Ryan Caylor: Hi, good morning.
Chuck Jones: Morning.
Ryan Caylor: Just back to the Ohio PPA real quick, just a quick question on timing AP [ph] on their Q3 2015 earnings call they gave I guess a year end 2015 expectations for a final order for their PPA. I guess it’s our understanding that you guys are further long in the process right? So I mean is that difference in timing a matter of AP just being you know I guess a little more aggressive relative to your kind of early Q1 2016 timeline or any color there relative to AP would be helpful? Thanks.
Chuck Jones: Well, I would say that I think we are all just kind of trying to speculate about what could happen. We are being a little more conservative maybe then the AP in there traditionally there is not going to get a lot done in December after Thanks Giving for our RKs to get settled by the end of this calendar year they have to work pretty hard pretty much the whole month of December I think to meet the time tables so we are just expecting likely to get done after the first three year.
Ryan Caylor: Got it. That’s helpful thanks.
Chuck Jones: Okay, well I don’t see any more questions on our call so I want to thank you all very much for your support and just say look forward to you in a week from Monday at EEI and I am sure we will go through all these questions again. Thank you.
Jim Pearson: Thanks everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And we thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Meghan Beringer - Director, Investor Relations Chuck Jones - President and CEO Jim Pearson - Senior Vice President and CFO Leila Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets and CLO Donny Schneider - President, FirstEnergy Solutions Jon Taylor - Vice President, Controller and CAO Steve Staub - Vice President and Treasurer Don Moul - Vice President, Commodity Operations Irene Prezelj - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt Greg Orrill - Barclays Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Shar Pourreza - Guggenheim Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Brian Chin - Bank of America Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Anthony Crowdell - Jefferies Philson Yim - Luminus
Operator: Greetings. And welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp.’s Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Meghan Beringer, Director of Investor Relations for FirstEnergy. Thank you. You may now begin.
Meghan Beringer: Thanks, Brandon, and good morning. Welcome to FirstEnergy’s second quarter earnings call. Today, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies and prospects. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from this indicated by such statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the Earnings Information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are also available on our website. Participating in today’s call are Chuck Jones, President and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Pearson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President, Markets and Chief Legal Officer; Donny Schneider, President of FirstEnergy Solutions; Jon Taylor, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Steve Staub, Vice President and Treasurer; and Don Moul, Vice President, Commodity Operations; and Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations. Now I will turn the call over to Chuck Jones.
Chuck Jones: Thanks, Meghan. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to have this opportunity to share an update on what has been a very busy and productive period for FirstEnergy. We're continuing to make steady progress on our strategic initiatives, we are achieving closure on several of the industry issues that impact our company and we reported very strong financial results for the second quarter. Our efforts to position FirstEnergy for stable, predictable and customer service driven growth remained on track and I'm optimistic about our future. During my remarks today, I will review a number of recent developments and give you a sense of what we are expects for the rest of the year. Following my comments and Jim's review of our financial and operating results, we will have plenty of time for your questions. Our operating earnings for the second quarter were $0.53 per share, which is $0.03 above the top of the range we provided in May. These results were higher -- these results were driven by higher earnings and Transmission business and the benefits of our more conservative strategy in our Competitive business. We continue to make solid progress on energizing the future Transmission initiative, which as you know is expected to be the primary driver of our growth over the next several years. During the second quarter we completed the project design to support service reliability following the plant deactivations in Northern Ohio and we continue our work to upgrade and strengthen the grid in the ATSI region and support midstream gas operations. We remained on pace to invest $970 million in our Transmission business during 2015 with about 60% of this investment already complete. This year, we have also put into place the framework to ensure more timely recovery for our Transmission investments. In January, we moved to a forward-looking formula rates structure for ATSI and on July 20th we filed FERC a settlement agreement that maintained at ATSI’s ROE at 12.38% for the first six months of this year. Under this settlement, which remains subject to FERC approval the rate adjust to 11.06% for the second half of this year and then the 10.38% beginning January 1, 2016, until at least January 1, 2018. The average ROE for the three-year period would be 10.83%. We're pleased to reach this settlement as it reflects the current Transmission ROE environment and allows us to move forward with our energizing the future Transmission investment plan for customers, while ensuring timely recovery for the company. We expect approval from FERC later this year. In June we filed requests for authorization to transfer Transmission assets owned by Met-Ed, Penelec and JCP&L into a new Transmission affiliate called Mid-Atlantic Interstate Transmission or MAIT. These assets represent approximately $900 million in rate based as of the end of 2014. If approved by FERC, the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission and the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities, MAIT will operate similarly to our two existing Transmission subsidiaries ATSI and TrAILCo. We expect this structure to facilitate investments that can improve service reliability for customers of our Eastern utility companies, similar to what we're doing for customers connected to our ATSI Transmission system. We're seeking approval from FERC in six months and from the State Commissions by mid-2016, prior to closing the transaction MAIT will file for new Transmission rates with FERC. In May, I outlined three key initiatives that will shape our company going forward. These are the cash flow improvement project, PJM capacity market reforms and our Ohio ESP. Let's start with the results of our cash flow improvement project. I'm pleased to report that we expect this project to result in cash flow improvement of $58 million in 2015, $155 million in 2016 and $240 million in 2017, exceeding the original targets for all three years. We launched this project in April with the goal of capturing both immediate and long-term savings that are meaningful and sustainable. We have completed a thorough analysis of savings and process improvements that do not compromise our ability to serve the needs of our organization, our customers and our employees, and we are now moving forward to implement these plans. These improvements come primarily from our competitive and corporate functions. The largest categories include reducing expenses and capital at our competitive fleet, particularly at our sub-critical fossil units, reducing fossil fuel and fuel-related commodity expenses, and taking advantage of attrition across the company and implemented a selective hiring program. There are also nearly 100 smaller items that collectively make a strong impact. About 65% of this savings are expected from operating expenses and 35% are from capital and nuclear fuel improvements over the three-year period. On page 170 of our FactBook, which was posted on our website last evening, we include more details on the cash flow initiative. We've already begun the implementation process, in fact, the majority of the fuel savings that we identified have already been locked in and the new contract pricing will begin in September. We have also establish a project management office to ensure we capture these savings and are fully committed to successfully executing this plan and establishing a new foundation for FirstEnergy going forward. We believe it will result in a stronger and more flexible company with an improve balance sheet overtime. Turning to capacity market reforms, during the quarter FERC approved PJM’s new capacity performance rules and as you know FERC issued an order last week allowing demand response and energy efficiency resources into the transitional auctions. Importantly, the base residual auction remains on track and is still scheduled to begin August 10th. The 2016-17 and 2017-18 transitional auctions were delayed slightly and are now scheduled to begin on August 26th and September 3rd, respectively. Before I move from general -- generation, let's quickly touch on the Supreme Court decision regarding MATS. While the EPA regulations remain in effect pending further judicial proceedings before the DC Circuit Court, I want to be clear that FirstEnergy is not contemplating reopening any of the units representing 4,769 megawatts of generation that were closed due to cost of compliance with the MATS regulations. For our remaining fleet we have already spent a significant portion of the $370 million in capital expenditures for equipment upgrades that were required under MATS and many projects are complete or underway. In our competitive generation fleet, we identified a total cost of $178 million to comply with the regulations, of which $62 million had been spent through June 30th of this year. At our regulated fleet, the cost estimate was $192 million, with $105 million of that spent through June 30th. I will also mention that we are moving forward with all aspects of the construction of the new dewatering facility for our 2400 megawatt Bruce Mansfield Plant in Pennsylvania. While the plant is still pressured by current market conditions, we believe moving forward with constructions as prudent to ensure that these megawatts remain available to serve customers in 2017 after our disposal rights at Little Blue Run expire. As we've previously mentioned, all costs associated with this project are in our current capital plan. Finally, let's move to our Ohio and our Electric Security Plan. Based on the current procedural schedule, staff testimony is due August 14, with hearings to begin at the end of the month. As you would expect, we remain very engaged in this process. We filed supplemental testimony in early May to further emphasize the factors that the Ohio commission outlined in the AEP and Duke cases. It is telling that the public utilities that serve the majority of customers in the state agree conceptually on an appropriate transition plan for the future that ensure safe, reliable, clean and affordable power for all Ohio customers from industrial facilities to homeowners. Given the plan’s benefits, including the economic development support, we believe our filing meets the criteria outlined by the commission and will remain optimistic that this plan will result in sound state energy policy for our customers. We had a solid first half since the start of the year. We have made tremendous progress toward our goals of investing in customer focus growth supporting sound energy policy and strengthening our company from within. We know there is still work to be done to position FirstEnergy for the future. At this point, we are reaffirming our 2015 operating earnings guidance range of $2.40 a share to $2.70 a share, with all three of our operating segments turning favorably versus their midpoints. We’re comfortable guiding to the top of this range. We expect to refine guidance on the third quarter call, once we have seen the full effects of the summer weather. Collectively, the cash flow improvement initiative, upcoming capacity auction results and Ohio ESP decision will drive the near-term financial strategy of our company and give us a much clearer view of the next three years, including earnings and cash flow and a determination on additional equity, if any, to drive growth in our regulated businesses. In addition, we have already begun our robust annual planning process, which includes updating projections for all of our utilities, especially now that we have the three major rate cases behind us. This effort will help us further refine our distribution utility earnings profile going forward. Many of you have asked about the status of our analyst meeting. At this time, we still intend to hold it after the outcome of the Ohio ESP, which may push the meeting into early 2016. We look forward to providing you a comprehensive view of our future planning at that time. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Jim for a brief review of our second quarter financial results.
Jim Pearson: Thanks, Chuck and good morning, everyone. My prepared remarks will focus on the major drivers and events in the quarter. As you know, more details are available in the consolidated report that was posted on our website yesterday evening. And as always, we welcome your questions either in the Q&A or following the call. Today we reported strong second quarter 2015 operating earnings of $0.53 per share, which compares to $0.49 per share last year. On a GAAP basis, basic earnings were $0.44 per share for the second quarter of 2015. GAAP earnings were $0.16 per basic share during the same period last year. As Chuck mentioned, our operating earnings were above our targeted range for the quarter. Let’s look at the results from each of our segments starting with the distribution business. Residential sales decreased seven-tenths of a percent overall compared to the second quarter of 2014 while commercial sales increased 1%. Adjusting for weather, residential deliveries were down 2.4% and commercial sales were flat. We are examining the residential usage trend, which has been down over the last four quarters on a weather-adjusted basis. We believe this is attributable to energy efficiency as average customer usage has also declined quarter-over-quarter. In the industrial sector, sales decreased 1.1% in the quarter, handing a seven quarter run of increased demand from the customer class, primarily due to lower usage from the steel industry. The current rate of shale growth continues to be impacted by soft natural gas prices. While we still see support for more than 1000 megawatts of new load for midstream activities through 2019, our forecast reflects greater confidence in the 2015 and 2016 project, which represents about half of that load growth. Turning to our transmission business second quarter operating earnings increased $0.06 to-$0.21 per share as a result of revenue increases from a higher rate base at ATSI and a forward-looking rate structure that began in January. In our competitive business, operating earnings $0.01 per share compared to the same period last year, reflecting higher commodity margin associated with higher capacity revenues, a modest increase in wholesale sales and lower contract sales. Additionally, operating cost decreased year-over-year largely due to improved planned performance. As we said last quarter, we had essentially sold everything we anticipated for 2015 on a retail and forward wholesale basis, with a reserve of 5 million megawatt hours available for spot wholesales through the end of the year. For 2016, about 70% of our expected generation resources are committed and we are currently about 40% committed for 2017. Based on our results for the first half of the year and the projected savings from the cash flow improvement initiative, we are reaffirming 2015 adjusted EBITDA range for the comparative business of $875 million to $950 million and increasing our 2016 adjusted EBITDA range to $825 million to $925 million from $750 million to $850 million. It was another solid quarter for our company and this is shaping up to be a good year. As Chuck said, we are reaffirming our operating earnings guidance and the trends we see so far this year, make us confident at the top end of that range at this point. We are committed to achieving the cash savings we have identified and to building long-term shareholder value through our customer focused regulated growth strategy. Now, with that, I’d like to open the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
Dan Eggers: Hey, good morning guys.
Chuck Jones: Hi Dan.
Dan Eggers: Hey Chuck, thanks for the additional detail on the cash flow improvement slides. I guess, in sense of being greedy, two questions, one, what do you see for opportunities, going forward. Can those numbers grow as you kind of get further into the process of evaluation? And then, two, can you talk a little bit of how you really get searched big flow savings out of suppliers, who seem to be pretty in financial dire straits at this point?
Chuck Jones: Well, I’ll take the first question and then I’ll hand the second part of it off to Don Moul to answer. And on the first one, I do think there are some opportunities for us to add to this over time, particularly in the supply chain area, we set a 12-week timeframe to complete this study. We can operate it at that speed but our suppliers don’t unnecessarily operate at that speed. So we’ve got a number of items in the queue that we’re still working on to try to get it across the finish line. So I think there is some opportunity to improve this over time. And I’ll let Don to tackle your fuel question.
Don Moul: Yeah. Thanks Chuck. And so when you take a look at the CFIP savings as you noted, Dan. One of the most significant savings in the initiative comes from reduction in the fossil fuel cost. And that sort of savings is about $151 million, that kind of breaks out as follows, about half or $75 million of the savings is really a result of working with our coal suppliers to get reduced rates. And then we got about $50 million associated with the refined coal process, where we partnered with several third parties to produce the coal that reduces emissions. We have a contractual relationship, where we paid for every kind of coal that’s treated and the third party receives a tax credit under Sector 45 of the tax code. These contracts are now in place with Sammis and Mansfield Field through 2021, and we are in the final steps of negotiating for Pleasants. The balance, which is about $25 million, is driven from several smaller writing items, including reagent and waste disposal costs. And as Chuck said, these are already under contract. So that’s part of the write-down of the savings and clearly the coal suppliers are in tight market times as well as we are. We found opportunities to build on our relationships. We’ve got good relationships with our coal suppliers and our transportation suppliers. We meet with them twice a year to work through these market challenges and try to find ways that we can partner in a win-win kind of an approach. So we have been successful so far. We look forward to working with them in the future.
Chuck Jones: I will just follow on the second there, because I know I am going to get this question later. The savings we were able to achieve in the fuel supply, particularly related to the Bruce Mansfield Plant, were a big factor in our decision to move forward with the dewatering facility, makes that plant more competitive starting September 1.
Dan Eggers: Okay. Got it. I guess, can we turn to the Ohio PPA structure and kind of it keeps getting pushed out from a time perspective? Should we read anything to maybe some change in tone at the governor level or at the commission level, if they are interested in doing this? And then do you see any risk to may be interest changing once EPA comes to the carbon rules or once RPM gets out there?
Chuck Jones: I will let Leila to take it and then I may follow on.
Leila Vespoli: Okay. Thanks, Chuck. Hi, Dan. I think the delay in the hearing was in response to the commission desire to get additional data points with regard to what’s happening with the EPA, but I think more precisely what’s happening with the capacity performance. I don’t think that that should be the be-all end-all, I think those are data points, but I also think they are mindful of the fact that our current ESP ends the middle of next year. So there is not a lot of additional delays that could be tolerated within the schedule we need to meet. So I think we are in a good space right now with regard to the timing of it with hearing starting, August 31. One thing I would like to point out it was after the last call that we continue to be in negotiations. And since our last call, we were able to add [IU] [ph] with the non-opposing party and Kroger as a signed party. So I think what is presented to the commission is a very robust settlement. I am still very hopeful that we will be able to move forward in a very positive way. And as always, we continue to try and bring additional parties on board.
Chuck Jones: So to your question on how does it tie into the clean power plant and other things that are on, I don’t think we have time to wait to see how all of those shake out. There is a sense of urgency here I think around these two facilities in particular that we’ve got to get a decision made about them. So obviously, we are anxious to keep it moving forward.
Dan Eggers: And just to clarify the timeline is, the hearings are August 31, can you just walk through the -- Leila maybe the steps in there to where final resolution should play out if it goes through litigators without a settlement?
Leila Vespoli: So at this point, I would like to say we would get it done by the end of the year, but I am thinking it might slip into the very first part of next year, so early 2016 for a final decision.
Dan Eggers: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Neel Mitra with Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please go ahead with your questions.
Neel Mitra: Hi, good morning.
Chuck Jones: Hi, Neel.
Neel Mitra: The transmission business seems to be doing well. And I think in the past, you mentioned that maybe about a $1 billion is the maximum you can spend a year. Is that number still right? Or could you deploy additional capital beyond that $1 billion if the process goes well and the Pennsylvania utilities are included in the transfers?
Chuck Jones: Well, I think there are several factors. We’ve communicated our plans for the next several years and they amount to about a $1 billion a year. Meg will provide additional opportunities if we’re successful in getting it done. Our transmission infrastructure has aged, and we’ve talked about a queue of projects that could potentially go on for a long time at the rate of a $1 billion a year. So I think at that point in time, we would look at it, but I think a determining factor is the ability to resource additional construction. There is a shortage of transmission alignment around our country and that would be a factor in terms of expanding it to any significant amount I think.
Neel Mitra: Got it. And then the second question on Davis-Besse and Sammis, obviously you need both the capacity auction and the PPA for the plants to be successful. How do you philosophically think about the strategy around bidding in the PJM without a PPA resolution in hand?
Chuck Jones: Our attack is to bid those units as competitive units. That’s what they are today. And I would just correct one thing you said, I don’t think we need both. I think we need the PPAs. If we’re successful there what happens in the capacity options, even though they are bid as competitive units that value will flow to customers once the PPA is approved.
Neel Mitra: Okay. Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Orrill with Barclays. Please go ahead with your questions.
Greg Orrill: Yes. Good morning. Thank you. I was wondering if you could comment on the appeals to the Supreme Court of Ohio of the AEP, PPA proposal whether that’s relevant to -- whether you think that’s relevant to your case at all and if you care to comment on whether you think the Supreme Court will take the case?
Leila Vespoli: Greg, this is Leila. I think right now that those appeals are premature. There is still absolute hearing associated with that case in Ohio, I don’t see how you get the Supreme Court to take those up when absolute hearing are pending. So I fully expect those cases, those appeals to be dismissed. Does it mean they can’t refile them at a later date? But again I think they are prematured. So I don’t think they are going to have any affect on our case. And with regard, I read some conjecture that if they went forward somehow things would be stayed in Ohio as the case is going before the Ohio Supreme Court, the decision goes forward, the commission decision goes forward and is not stayed unless a specific statutory provision is met. And under that provision, the party that is requesting the stay needs to provide and post the bond. So that’s a very high hurdle to assume within the context of this type of cases. So again bottomline, no effect.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your question.
Jonathan Arnold: Good morning, guys.
Chuck Jones: Good morning.
Jonathan Arnold: A quick question on the transmission. Again you booked -- you are up I guess $0.11 in the first half of the year. Is there anything in those numbers for the settlements like, have you taken some kind of a charge against the lower ROE this quarter, or is that all to come in H2 when the things finalized?
Chuck Jones: There wasn’t a lower ROE this quarter. We got 12.3% in place for the first six months of 2015, which was a partial contributor to the better performance in the transmission segment.
Jonathan Arnold: Just curious Chuck, whether you might have had to recognize the lower return that will come in the second half of the year ahead of time, but it sounds like none?
Chuck Jones: No, we won’t Jonathan. We will recognize those during the periods that they occur.
Jonathan Arnold: So the moving part, as we think about the second half the transmission is higher rate base having the forward looking test year for the second half of the year and tempered somewhat by ROE?
Chuck Jones: Yes. I would say Jonathan for the second half of year you won’t see the robust growth that we saw in the first quarter. We were up $0.11 year-over-year. For the second quarter or for the second half of the year, you are going to have a much higher rate base that you’re going to compare to in '15 compared to '14. In the first half of 2014 that rate base was based on December 2012 rate base and that carried through for the first five months and that was $683 million. When I look at the comparisons in the second half of 2014, that rate base was going to be about $922 million compared to $1.8 billion. And you are right. The ROE that was used for the second half of last year was 12.38%, and we will recognize 11.06% in the second half of 2015. With that said, I would expect that transmission will trend to the upper end of the range as we said most of our segments are.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. But still the mass, sort more of that, let’s get to that when you add all those parts together.
Chuck Jones: That’s right. That’s right. So, thank you.
Jim Pearson: Sorry. I just want to add. We are very happy with this settlement. We wouldn’t have settled if we weren’t and if you think about what we are doing $500 million of investment in our transmission business, the difference between 10.38% and 12.38%, adds to maybe $10 million, maybe a penny a half a share overall. But as we talked earlier, the forward-looking rate returns, cash in earnings back to the business faster and more timely given the way we are investing in smaller project to get done quickly.
Chuck Jones: So, we can catch and we think they are getting the clarity on ROE is a big help too. So, I just wanted to understand the mass of bridging the second half.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay.
Operator: And our next question comes from line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Steve Fleishman: Hi. Good morning.
Chuck Jones: Hi, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Hi, Chuck. Two questions. First, is there any schedule that’s been said so far on the filing on the MAIT approvals, I guess particularly in the states, Pennsylvania, New Jersey?
Leila Vespoli: So, right now interventions were due by July 10th. And right now, I don't see any further procedural schedules that with regard to that although we would expect a decision by December ’15.
Steve Fleishman: And that’s in which state?
Leila Vespoli: That will occur this year. I’m sorry?
Chuck Jones: Which state?
Steve Fleishman: Where?
Leila Vespoli: So that’s with respect to FERC and then…
Steve Fleishman: Got it, FERC. Okay.
Leila Vespoli: …to Pennsylvania, interventions on August 3rd. Pre-hearing conferences in -- sometime, August, September date and then a decision mid 2016. And with respect to New Jersey, there are no deadline interventions and we would expect an order again with regard to that by mid 2016.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. 
Leila Vespoli: So, no specific hearing dates.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then is there a precedence in Pennsylvania and New Jersey for others that have been able to get kind of existing transmission, kind of separated out.
Leila Vespoli: Yes. Part of our ATSI assets in Pennsylvania. And I believe there are others although they are not on top of mind right now.
Steve Fleishman: Okay.
Leila Vespoli: There is rail.
Chuck Jones: And power operating company is part of ATSI.
Steve Fleishman: Great. And then just the clarification on the comment on equity. I think you again said that you only would consider equity to a degree that there would be additional growth beyond your current capital plans. Is that correct?
Chuck Jones: What I said in my remarks is once we have -- we've got the cash flow improvements. Once we have the results of capacity performance and once we know where we are at with the ATSI, then we'll look at whether there's an application for equity to stimulate growth both in transmission and distribution if any. So all along, I do not want to have to use equity to repair our credit metrics and strengthen the balance sheet. That's why we implemented the CFIT project. I think we made substantial progress there as that starts to flow through to strengthening our balance sheet, strengthening our cash flow, strengthening our FFO because about two thirds of it is O&M. And then we'll see where the other two land and then we are going to go from there. And when we have the Analyst Meeting, hopefully, early next year then we will tell you where we are at with that a little more definitively.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim. Please go ahead with your questions.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning.
Chuck Jones: Hi, Shaw.
Shar Pourreza: Just one quick question on the delay of the ESP. Obviously, we just get a little bit of the sense on the status of the upcoming polar auctions and sort of, if there is a potential impact on your hedging profile and obviously you’ve been lowering your weather sensitive hedges. But kind of curious on sort of how we should think about that?
Chuck Jones: So let me answer the first piece of that with regard to the schedule. I do believe that the delay in the schedule was in part a desire and the part of the new administration under the new chair, Andre Porter, to get additional data points before having to make a decision. I think those -- even though the transitional options have been pushed back by the time we complete hearings of those data points will also be known. So, I don't anticipate further delays. Again, because if for no other reason, we need to secure additional polar auctions for flow to deliver, to be delivered by mid-next year, so I think we are at that point where, hopefully, we are actually going to go-forward at the end of August with hearing. And I’m going to turn it over to Don with regard to the hedging part of the question.
Don Schneider: As similarly with other market participants, we are going to have to adjust based on what that polar auction schedule is. Obviously, we try to build our planned ratably hedged through the year. If we need to, we will adjust to other channels, including our wholesale channels if we have to sell forward to lock in some of that that volume and eliminate price risk from a portfolio.
Shar Pourreza: Excellent. That was it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please go ahead with your questions.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi. Good morning. 
Chuck Jones: Hey, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So, first question here. In terms of the timing, you obviously talked about at the Analyst Day early next year, but EEI this year in the back half the year in terms of the capital budgeting process and updating us on the outlook for the T&D wires, if you will side of the house holistically. Would you expect to give us an update on the CapEx and perhaps in tandem with that, I suppose balance sheet and cash flow considerations coming out of that?
Chuck Jones: I think at EEI in November, we will give you what we’ve typically given you at the EEI, which is our best look at the future across all of those. Yeah. And we are not going to hold anything back there. But I don't think we can talk about the long-term plan beyond the next couple years until we have the answers to those other two questions that I talked about.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And when you talk about long-term plan, let me just be a little bit clearer if you can or perhaps maybe the Analyst Day a little bit. Are we alluding to the future of the generation business here and how that fits within the context to your business or is the long-term plan more strictly defined within where the long-term trajectory of spend is in the context of your wires business?
Chuck Jones: Julien, since I took over this job, January 1, I bet I've had the questions 500 times, what’s the long-term growth strategy, what's the long-term vision and I think I've answered at the same way 500 times is, I will tell you that once we get a few of these short-term issues out of the way. So, I think it applies to all of that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. Well, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brian Chin with Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Brian Chin: Hi. Thanks and good morning.
Chuck Jones: Hi, Brian.
Brian Chin: When FERC made the decision about demand response in the transitional auctions, I was wondering to what extent, does that affect your thoughts with regards to the company's ability to not have to issue equity with regards to the competitiveness if at all.
Chuck Jones: I don't think I've sat here ever thinking about issuing equity for the competitive business. And I think once the results of the cash flow improvement process, which substantial part was a result of the competitive business stepping up. Their particular credit metrics are going to look very strong. It’s going to make a big impact on that part of the company. It makes an impact on the overall First Energy credit metrics too, but a substantial impact inside the competitive business. So, I think we are going to be fine there for the foreseeable future. We already had that business in a position where it was cash flow positive for the next four years. This makes it substantially more cash flow positive, which was the second factor in the decision to go forward with demand still dewatering. All the CapEx for that project was already in the four-year plan and already in a plan that was cash flow positive but we now got some margin there. And as I’ve said along, the game plan with that business is to keep it cash flow positive and take that positive cash flow and eventually use it to start paying back the holding company for some of the loans that we made to that business a few years ago, so that’s the long-term plan there.
Brian Chin: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead with your questions.
Paul Patterson: Good morning.
Chuck Jones: Good morning.
Paul Patterson: First question, so you guys have been -- Chuck, you’ve been making the grounds of the editorial boards. And there have been some interesting quotes and what have you. And I know that sometimes when you're being reported on -- meaning not coming out exactly as you intended it out. But just wondered if you could sort of elaborate a little bit more on your comments about re-regulation, trying to save the company, statements like that? And just how that fits in with this ESP proposal that you have -- the PPA proposal and just sort of comment a little bit more on that?
Chuck Jones: Let’s first talk a little bit about how our newspapers run. We went and met with the editorial board and we had what I thought was a good conversation over an hour and 50 minutes. But then it gets drilled down into an article. Once that articles written then there's a headline writer who goes and writes a headline to try to draw attention to that article. The headlines that was written for that article was completely inaccurate as to anything we discussed during that interview. In the interview, I was asked a specific question of, are we in anyway working to get the legislature of the state to consider re-regulating and my answer was no. In the context of the discussion about the PPAs, here's my view. We are talking about trying to find ways to preserve major generating assets that have plenty of useful life left in them and keep them from closing prematurely. Exelon is looking at doing that in Illinois and New York. Ohio utilities are looking at doing it in Ohio. You don't ever hear any conversation about needing to do that in states that are regulated. Regulated states have plenty of generation. They have integrated resource plans and if they need more generation, they either buy or build it, so they are assured they have adequate generation to serve their customers. So these PPAs, I see as a bridge to keep these plants alive, long enough to allow whatever happens. If our state wants to look at that issue over time, great, but its not going to happen fast enough for these two plants. If we are ultimately able to make significant corrections in the market to make sure they provide for the long-term security of baseload generating facility is great but I don’t think we have time to wait on that either. And yesterday, the Senate Energy Committee put forth the bill that talks about asking the markets to try to come up with the process to make sure they ensure diversity of both, fuel and types of generating capacity across the markets. We don’t have time to wait on that either. These plants are at risk today and we need to get a decision made as to whether we’re going to look at ways to protect them, so we let all of those debates and legislation in Washington DC and everything else play out.
Paul Patterson: Okay. I appreciate the clarity. Just thought I would hear straight from you. So then the second question I have for you is the fuel saving that you guys have been talking about, how sustainable is that? And do you see potential other opportunities? Or just in other words, it sounds that these steps are one-off? Do you follow what I’m trying to say is, in other words I mean, how should we think about your ability to recognize fuel savings going forward?
Chuck Jones: Well, I’ll let Don ask -- answer it, but my view is they are sustainable. And I met with our fuel team yesterday about how we can get more. So under that context, I’ll turn it over to Don.
Don Moul: Yeah. Thanks, Chuck. And so, I touched on it briefly earlier, but we spent some time working with our key fuel suppliers and really looking for ways that can make us more competitive in the marketplace, while still keeping them viable in a tough marketplace for coal suppliers as well. Are there more opportunities, as Chuck mentioned? We’re looking for those opportunities. But it’s going to probably take some innovative approaches and working with our suppliers to get there, given the economics that we see right now.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Great. I appreciated. Thanks a lot.
Chuck Jones: I mean, obvious context is that, the competitive generating fleets, both nuclear and fossil are under duress as a result of current market conditions. The second industry that’s under equal or maybe the more duress is the coal industry. And I think, what we’re trying to do is work together, partner together for the survival of both.
Paul Patterson: Okay. But the nuclear fuel was in the free cash flow, seems to have come down your projection for that in 2015? Is that part of the savings or is that something else?
Chuck Jones: There are some savings in there for nuclear fuel. And essentially, what we did there is we were looking at procuring additional nuclear fuel to take advantage of the very low prices of uranium that there are in the market today, way ahead of when we needed it. We don't need it for a number of years yet. We decided not to do that mainly on the basis that -- as we assess that uranium market, we think the pricing is going to stay where it’s at for a long time and so, there was no urgency to try to need to capitalize on that this year.
Paul Patterson: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from lines of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead with your question.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Most of the all my questions have been answered already. I’m just wondering in the context of your guide, telling us that you’re trending toward the high-end of the guidance range for ’15, is that you’re trending toward the high-end of the guidance range in all three segments…
Chuck Jones: Yes.
Greg Gordon: .. or you’re doing better than expected in some in towards the midpoint of this?
Chuck Jones: We are above the midpoint in all three segments through six months. And that combined with the CFIP results that we talked about that we’re going to get in the second half of the year, are what cause us to say we can point you to the high-end of the guidance. So if you follow-on questions, well, why don't you just kind of change your guidance. The answer is we got $1.15 in the bank through six months. Our midpoint of our original guidance was $2.55, that means we got a $1.40 that we've got to capture the second half of the year just to get to the midpoint and the $1.55, we’ve got to capture to get to the high-end of the range and we’ve got a lot of very volatile weather months in the third quarter and a big third quarter. So, we just decided we’re going to wait, see what happens in July and August in particular and then at the end of the third quarter, when we do this call at the end of the third quarter, we’ll tell you where we expect to be more definitively at that time.
Greg Gordon: Okay. So if whether normal or better for the rest of the year than you’re comfortable that you’re going to be at the high-end?
Chuck Jones: Yes.
Greg Gordon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. I have a capacity performance related question for you. Can you talk a little bit about given your largely coal and nuclear, what you physically done at the plants to prepare yourself to where you wouldn’t -- you would be able to reduce the risk of having to pay penalties for failure to perform when called an emergency hours. What have you done different physically at the plant to prepare for this relative or compare to what you did in prior years?
Chuck Jones: Well, I would say this, we did a number of things to prepare our plants for the winner of 2014, ‘15 and order to insure they operated reliably for this winner even in an environment were they weren’t any penalties. As far as how we look at that going forward, we’re going to make that determination in terms of how much you’re willing to spend on reliability improvement versus where the capacity performance market clears. And in terms of the specific numbers, I don’t think we’re in a position to talk about those at this time. We need to see where both the base residual auction and then we’re in particular the transaction auctions clear, because those are the more eminent. For the base residual, you got three years to figure how to get your units reliable for that one. The transition auctions are a little more pressing in terms of time. So we’ll make those determinations once we see where the auction results come out.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Chuck. Much appreciate it.
Chuck Jones: Okay. Michael.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Ridzon: Good morning.
Chuck Jones: Good morning.
Paul Ridzon: Can you just talk about how you beat your guidance, kind of what the areas of strength were? And then I have a follow-up question after that.
Chuck Jones: Jim.
Jim Pearson: You are talking about our guidance for the third quarter, Paul?
Paul Ridzon: Second quarter.
Jim Pearson: Okay. For the second quarter, we looked at where we though we would be based on our plan. We did come about above the high end of our guidance. We defer some of our plant outages to later in the year. So we picked up a couple cents there. Distribution, they performed a little bit better, slightly lower O&M, and then we had slightly better results from our transmission business that we’ve already talked about. So that’s really what drove us above the top end of the guidance in the second quarter.
Paul Ridzon: And are you still with your charges at the competitive business to reposition the portfolio?
Jim Pearson: They will be substantially finished by the end of 2015 with only a minor amount carrying over the '16.
Paul Ridzon: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Jefferies. Please go ahead with your questions.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey. Good morning, Chuck. Just I guess a PPA type question. Since the last call, you’ve had the governor of Ohio announced his intention of obtaining the Republican nomination. Does that complicate the PPA process because sometimes you have campaigns that are more interested in what’s better for a national audience and maybe not focused on what would be beneficial to like Ohio customers or Ohio rate bears in this case?
Chuck Jones: My view would be I think it's a non-factor. I think the governor's decision to run for a President is a political decision and it affects things that might happen politically. I think he's made it clear all along that he expects that you’ll have Public Utilities Commission to look at this issue and make an informed decision on this issue. So I don't think that would change as a result of this decision.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my question.
Chuck Jones: Okay. I don’t see any more questions in the queue. So we’re going to actually end few minutes earlier here. I want to thank everybody for your support and obviously we feel good about where we are at for -- Philson just popped in there. So I’m going to stop and let Philson ask his question.
Operator: Thank you. Philson Yim with Luminus, please go ahead with your question.
Philson Yim: Just talk about that the $1.55 to capture high end for the rest of the year? On LTM, transmission is basically R&D at a midpoint is basically what I see. Is that right?
Chuck Jones: Yeah. That’s correct, Philson.
Philson Yim: And do you expect transmission to only grow kind of $0.04 for the balance of the year to get to the high end or are there offsets there?
Jim Pearson: No. I won’t say there is any offset. I talked a little bit earlier. I don't think you'll see the growth in the revenues that you did see in the first half. You saw $0.20 there in the first half. We’ve guided to the $0.30 for the year. I think we’re going to be slightly above that. Some of the offsets that you saw during the first half were depreciation general taxes and interest. They will probably be about in line the second half of the year as they were at the first half of the year. So I think we will trend as Chuck said to the upper end of the range on transmission, but it's not going to be same $0.11 that you saw in the first half.
Philson Yim: Okay. Thank you. And distribution, to the midpoint there is a $0.10 drop year-over-year expected? But year-to-date, you guys are tracking at, are there offsets expected in the second half of the year?
Jim Pearson: Yeah. Right now, Philson, we are tracking about $0.01 behind where we’re last year, and we guided you to about $0.11 behind. There is a few offsets. We had some improvement in distribution. We’ve been helped somewhat by weather and the earlier part of the year. So I would not expect based on normal weather going throughout the rest of the year that we would drop down to the $0.11 that we guided you to.
Philson Yim: Got it. Thank you.
Jim Pearson: That will be at upper end also.
Philson Yim: Thank you very much. Sorry to everyone for extending the call.
Chuck Jones: We had a bet when I was going out and you cost me a lunch. Now, thanks to everybody as I said. I think we are off to a great start this year. We feel good about the results. I will tell you, I am constantly impressed with our team here and whatever we asked them to deliver they find a way. Under Donny's leadership, this cash flow improvement team exceeded my expectations. I don't know what your expectations were when I told you we were going to get to $200 million but they exceeded my expectations. And we are working hard to and we’ll capture those savings over the next couple years. So thanks for your support and we look forward to talking to you on the third quarter call and probably many of you in between. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Meghan Beringer - Director, Investor Relations Chuck Jones - President and CEO Jim Pearson - Senior Vice President and CFO Leila Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets and CLO Donny Schneider - President, FirstEnergy Solutions Jason Petrik - Corporate Assistant Controller Steve Staub - Vice President and Treasurer Irene Prezelj - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Brian Chin - Merrill Lynch Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Charles Fishman - Morningstar Ashar Khan - Visium Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Hugh Wynne - Bernstein Research Paul Fremont - Nexus Anthony Crowdell - Jefferies Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Greetings. And welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp.’s First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would like now turn the conference over to your host, Meghan Beringer, Director of Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you, Ms. Beringer. You may now begin.
Meghan Beringer: Thank you, Kevin. Welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Today, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies and prospects. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under Earnings Information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are also available on our website. Participating in today’s call are Chuck Jones, President and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Pearson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President, Markets and Chief Legal Officer; Donny Schneider, President of FirstEnergy Solutions; Jason Petrik, our Corporate Assistant Controller; Steve Staub, Vice President and Treasurer; and Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations. Now I will turn the call over to Chuck Jones.
Chuck Jones: Thanks, Meghan, and good morning, everyone. It’s a pleasure to speak with you today. We had a good quarter and we are off to a great start for the year. Since our last call in February, we have continued our work to position FirstEnergy for solid, predictable and customer service driven regulated growth. This morning we will talk about our progress on those strategies. We will also discuss other key initiatives, including an important effort that is underway to reduce our cost structure and drive improvements to our balance sheet and of course, we will review our first quarter financial results and operational performance. Similar to our last call, we intend to keep these prepared remarks brief to allow ample time for your questions before the end of the hour. Our first quarter operating earnings of $0.62 per share are slightly above the top end of our guidance range and give us a solid foundation to start the year. We benefited from the growth in our transmission business and solid distribution performance that was assisted by a second year of unusually cold weather. Our year-over-year results also reflect the actions we began taking in the second quarter of 2014 to reposition the retail sales portfolio in our competitive business. For the past year we have talked about the extreme weather events of 2014 first quarter and the impact those conditions had on our competitive business and our strategy. The first quarter 2015 was even colder with heating degree days totaling 21% above normal and 2% higher than 2014. The PJM market also set a new winter peak of 144,000 megawatts, exceeding the previous winter peak, which was set in January of 2014. In our competitive business, however, the difference in our results between this winter and last is striking. This improvement speaks to the benefits of our more conservative strategy, which includes three major components. First, selling no more than we produce in order to maintain an open position of at least 10 million to 20 million megawatt hours annually to protect against extreme weather, unplanned outages or a combination of both. As a result of our actions to strategically reduce load obligations, our 2015 retail and polar obligations are expected to be about 68 million megawatt hours, compared to 99 million megawatt hours in 2014. Second, reducing exposure to weather sensitive load, from January of 2014 through March of 2015, our overall retail obligations are down nearly 35% on an annualized basis, with much of that coming from serving fewer of the most weather sensitive residential and small commercial customers, and finally, a more rigorous commitment to economically dispatching our units. This strategy together with improved plant operations helped to mitigate the potential downside from this year’s severe first quarter weather and demand conditions, even though our region experienced four more below zero days this February than last January. As contracts continued to roll-off, we expect a further decrease in our annualized retail load obligations through the end of this year, a much of that decline will be associated with the most weather sensitive load. As I’ve mentioned to many of you previously, we recognize that reducing risk in the business also means that we are likely giving up some earnings potential, but as we have said, our objective is to make the competitive business more stable as we focus our efforts on growth in the regulated businesses. In that regard, the last few months have been a busy period for our energizing the future transmission investment program. We are nearing completion of projects that are designed to maintain service reliability in the wake of plant deactivations in Northern Ohio. Those plants ceased operations for good on April 15th. These projects included the Bruce Mansfield-Glenwillow project, a 195,345 kilovolt transmission line extending on 119 miles from Western Pennsylvania to Suburban Cleveland, scheduled to go in service by June 1. In addition, we are preparing to energize new 345 kilovolt substation and associated transmission upgrades in Wood, Trumbull and Stark counties, which are designed to maintain service rollout reliability in Northern Ohio after the plants are closed. We also continued our work to strengthen the grid to help protect it from storms and make network and physical security upgrades. Finally, we're on track with our planned investments on projects that will support the midstream gas operations with about 365 million in the pipeline through 2019. On the regulatory front, our rate cases in New Jersey and Pennsylvania have concluded. In Pennsylvania, we were pleased that the PUC accepted our rate plan settlements for each of our four utilities in the state. The new rates which will be effective on Sunday will help our operating companies continue to enhance reliability and service to our Pennsylvania customers. We are looking at further options for customer focus investments going forward, including the option to possibly request a distribution system improvement charge to recover the cost of those investments. In New Jersey, we received recovery of approximately $580 million in costs incurred by JCP&L for the 2012 storms and we're glad to have a long process and uncertainty behind us. Now we look forward to working with the BPU as we set a course for future infrastructure and reliability investments at JCP&L. We've had a good and productive start to the year, and we are making solid progress toward our long-term goals. Looking forward, there are still three major initiatives underway that will ultimately help shape our company and our strategies going forward. First, in Ohio, the hearing on our electric security plan has been delayed by 60 days and is scheduled to begin on June 15th. As you know, in its recent decision on the AEP and Duke cases, the PUC ruled that stability writers related to purchase power agreements similar to our proposal are legal in Ohio. This was an extremely significant outcome. We believe that our filing includes a robust case for how our proposal benefits utility customers and supports economic development in the state. On May 4th, we expect to file supplemental testimony to further demonstrate how our plan meets the factors outlined in the AEP and Duke cases. While we're comfortable with the new schedule set by the PUCO, this schedule will affect the timing of our analyst meeting, which we had hoped to have this summer. We believe that it makes sense to host this meeting after we receive a decision in Ohio, which pushes us to sometime late this year. The second open [merit] [ph] t could have a significant impact on our business is the PJM capacity performance proposal. PJM has addressed FERC’s question into the structure of the product. Pending its final decision, FERC granted PJM's requested waiver to delay the May capacity auction to no later than the week of August 10th. We appreciate the care and long-term perspective that FERC is taking in its review of this important mechanism and expected both PJM and FERC are interested in reaching a resolution as soon as possible. In both of these matters, we look forward to a final outcome that produces better clarity for our company and produces benefits for electric consumers in our region. On a related item, as you know we had delayed our decision to construct a new dewatering facility for our 2400 megawatt Bruce Mansfield plant in Pennsylvania while we evaluated the plant’s future, particularly with respect to the results of the next capacity auction. We will continue to monitor market conditions but given the current environment including the auction delay, we think it makes sense to move forward with some early aspects of this project. This work is designed to preserve our ability to continue operations of the plant after December 31, 2016. All costs associated with this project are in our current business plan. We, of course, intend to remain sharply focused on those things we can control, including our own spending on goods and services, operating expenses and other corporate spending as well as capital expenditures. Last month, we launched a cash flow improvement project intending to capture both a mediate and long-term savings opportunities that are meaningful and sustainable. A team led by FES President, Donny Schneider, is working to identify savings and process improvements across the company with a particular emphasis on our generation business. The team is focused on expense reductions, capital expenditures and inventory. We are also working with an outside consultant to examine the significant savings potential in our supply chain. With more than $2.5 billion in annual spending in the project scope, we believe that significant cost savings opportunities are available while continuing to successfully serve the needs of our organization, customers and employees. I will note that workforce and benefit reductions are not included in the scope of the project. In all, we are targeting $50 million in savings this year and an additional $150 million in 2016, reaching a run rate of $200 million by 2017. We expect that the savings will be split about evenly between O&M expenses and capital expenditures and help us create sustainable levels for the future. By appropriately addressing our cost structure, we can help direct our future and move FirstEnergy to a point that our fundamental operations make the company stronger while improving the balance sheet over time. We’re off to a solid start in 2015. Our early financial results together with our progress on our strategic initiatives are building a solid foundation for the year and for the future of our company. These results in our outlook for the remainder of the year continue to support 2015 operating guidance in the range of $2.40 to $2.70 per share. Consistent with the leadership philosophy, I have shared with many of you, I would like to narrow the gap between our GAAP and non-GAAP results. While some differences are expected, we are diligently focused on earnings quality. Now we will turn the call over to Jim for brief review of our first quarter financial results then we’ll open the call to your question.
Jim Pearson: Thanks Chuck and good morning everyone. Consistent with our approach in the last call, I will use my time today to speak to the major drivers and events of the first quarter. This information is detailed in our consolidated report which is posted to our website and we would be happy to address any specific questions in the Q&A or after the call. As Chuck said, this morning we reported strong 2015 first quarter operating earnings of $0.62 per share which compares to $0.39 per share in the first quarter of 2014. On a GAAP basis, basic and diluted earnings for the first quarter of 2015 were $0.53 per share, compared to 2014 first quarter basic earnings of $0.50 per share, or $0.49 per share on a diluted basis. We’re off to a good start for the year. First quarter 2015 operating earnings were fairly plain and simple. As expected, we benefited from improvements in our competitive business, as well as increased transmission revenue, which were partially offset by a higher effective income tax rate in our corporate segment. From the standpoint of our first quarter guidance, we came in above the range we provided largely due to the impact on our distribution business of extremely cold weather in late February and March. Compared to the normal weather that we include in our guidance, first quarter wires revenue benefited by $0.06 per share as a result of heating degree days that were 21% above normal during the period. This was offset by about $0.03 per share related to weather impacts at our competitive business. First quarter operating earnings also benefited by a net $0.03 per share, compared to guidance primarily as a result of the New Jersey storm amortization delay and incremental revenue from a TrAIL transmission investment. Overall distribution deliveries increased slightly compared to last year, reflecting weather as well as modest growth in our customer base, offset by the impact of lower average customer use associated with energy efficiency. Residential sales were flat compared to the first quarter of 2014 but down 1.7% on a weather adjusted basis while both actual and weather adjusted commercial sales increased slightly. Industrial sales were also up slightly marking the seventh consecutive quarter of growth in that sector. While soft natural gas prices are deterring some new entrants into the shale gas fields, our conservative estimates continue to support more than 1000 megawatts of new load for midstream businesses through 2019. The shale slowdown contributed the softer first quarter demand from the steel sector, however, most of the other key sectors on our region remains solid. In our transmission business, first quarter operating earnings were $0.17 per share, reflecting incremental rate base growth at both ATSI and TrAIL and forward looking rates at ATSI beginning January 1st this year, partially offset by higher depreciation taxes and interest expense. As Chuck described, our competitive business was able to more effectively navigate this year's extreme weather conditions due to the changes we began putting in place during the second quarter of last year. Our 2015 first quarter operating results in this business reflect the benefits of this repositioning and improved plant availability as well as higher capacity revenues. For 2015, our committed sales currently are about 70 million megawatt-hours. Essentially having sold everything, we anticipated on a retail and forward wholesale basis with over 8 million megawatt-hours available for spot wholesale sales over the remainder of the year. For 2015, we are also reducing our generation production estimate from about 79 million megawatt-hours, down to about 72 million megawatt-hours due to the economic and market conditions we experienced during the first quarter and the market price outlook for the balance of 2015. If it is more economic for us to purchase power from the market to serve low when needed, we will do so. But we have the benefit of our own generating resources if and when we need to call on them. Ultimately, market conditions will determine how much we generate from the fleet and how much we purchase. Essentially, we will source the power to meet our retail load obligations as economically as possible. For 2016, approximately 70% of our projected sales are committed. Based on our results for the first quarter, we are reaffirming our 2015 adjusted EBITDA arrange for the competitive business of $875 million to $950 million, as well as our 2016 adjusted EBITDA range of $750 million to $850 million. Consistent with the guidance we provided earlier this year, the corporate consolidated effective tax rate was 38.8% in the first quarter of 2015, compared to 30.3% in the first quarter of 2014. This change drove an $0.08 per share decrease in the corporate segment compared to last year and reflects the elimination of certain future tax liabilities associated with basis differences in the first quarter of 2014. This year is off to a solid start and we are executing our plans to improve our company's fundamentals and drive long-term shareholder value through customer focus, regulated growth. As Chuck said, we are reaffirming our 2015 guidance range of $2.40 to $2.70 per share and are also providing a second quarter operating earnings range of $0.42 to $0.50 per share. With that, I'd like to open the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Dan Eggers from Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Dan Eggers: Good morning, guys.
Chuck Jones: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Eggers: Good morning. Just following up on the cost cutting plan, thanks to the additional detail. But could we, maybe dig a little bit more into where you are seeing those buckets of savings maybe between regulated, non-regulated and kind of the scaling of those opportunities as you get further into the plan?
Chuck Jones: Well. Dan, let me say it this way. I think, I said in my remarks that we are going to be focused primarily on the generation business. We are going to look at everything. The reason that the scope is excited about $2.5 billion dollars is because there are certain buckets of expenditures that would be counterproductive to our regulated growth strategy to go and try to address those. For example, our transmission expansion plan. So we're focusing primarily on generation. We are very cognizant of the fact that we don't want to do anything to take the growth strategy in our regulated companies off-track.
Dan Eggers: And if we were to think about what that does to inflation, are these -- what is the underlying O&M inflation going to be your net of these savings? Is that the right way to think about kind of forward?
Chuck Jones: I'm not sure I understand your question.
Dan Eggers: So, I guess if you think about, are these savings going to be net reductions in O&M year-by-year or is there a level of inflation that will eat up some of the savings as we think about ’16, ’17, ‘18 numbers?
Chuck Jones: Well, I think that initially, this is going to be a step down in our cost structure. And like any business over time, there are incremental adjustments that are made, as we offer our employee wage increases as there are inflationary things that go on in the economy. But one thing to keep in mind is we have not included staffing in this phase of what we're doing. We will have annually about a thousand employee attritions each year. And going forward, we expect to make adjustments in the structure of our organization such that those attritions should pretty much offset any inflationary pressures that are on where we are at when this project’s done.
Dan Eggers: Okay. And I guess one other topic. With the Supreme Court hopefully addressing the 745 case on Monday, can you just talk about what the process would be from a legal perspective for you guys if the Supreme Court takes the case or if they choose not to take the case?
Chuck Jones: Leila can.
Leila Vespoli: Okay. So if they choose to take the case, then I would expect folks to continue to drive capacity performance. They've already rejected its premature PJM’s attempt to modify the DR process. So it would continue as a supply product as it has in the past and wait for some final determination from the Supreme Court, substantive determination with regard to demand response. If they decide to not take the case, I can speak to what in theory should happen. In theory what should happen, demand response should come out of the capacity auction as a supply product. From our standpoint, we believe there is a place for a demand response. We believe that that is on the side of state implementation plans and we think going forward that would be a useful product and can still be maintained. With regard to how PJM views it, we know they view that as a very valuable product. So I would imagine at a practical level, PJM will be seeking to somehow reinclude demand response within the capacity auction.
Dan Eggers: Is it going to be practical, if they don’t take the case and they have to go to this removal of DR? A, is a practical that it can be reasonably well addressed for this upcoming auction and then what is your view on whether retroactively prior auctions need to be adjusted?
Leila Vespoli: So we still have our case out there that had challenged the prior base residual auction. Work has been -- has put them on the backburner, has not addressed that. I would anticipate they are going to need to do something with regard to that too. So with regard to that auction anyway, there is some question as to what would happen and whether it would be appropriate in our view to take demand response out, take out the price suppression effects associated with demand response and not rerun the auction but just remove the effects of demand response.
Dan Eggers: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Brian Chin from Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Chin: Hi, good morning.
Chuck Jones: Hi, Brian.
Brian Chin: With the cost cut commentary today, does that preclude now the need to issue equity for the foreseeable future, particularly given some of the FFO to debt metrics that some of the credit rating agencies are looking at?
Chuck Jones: Here's what I've said on that topic. All along I believe that it's incumbent on us to find a way to fundamentally operate our company in a way to where we don't have to use equity to strengthen our balance sheet. I think these cost cutting initiatives will get us to a place where we can be successful in not having to do. Then going forward, I think where equity should be used is words intended to be used in our business and that is to generate growth in our business. So we may look at equity down the road to use for growth either an additional transmission investment or potentially even investment inside the distribution companies. But I believe we can get ourselves to a position where the cost cutting puts us at the bottom end of the range that we need to be. And from a credit metrics perspective and then these costs over time, we will continue to improve the balance sheet.
Brian Chin: Great. And also of the cost cuts and cash flow improvements, I think you said a $100 million of this was expenses and the remainder is cash flow improvements. Can you talk about on the cash flow side how much of that is just timing related as opposed to permanent reductions or permanent improvements in cash flow I should say?
Chuck Jones: I don't think we can even talk about that right now. We just kicked this team off a few weeks back. We were in the early stages of it. I think when we get to this point at the end of the second quarter, I think I will be in a good position to tell you more concretely what we've identified and what the ongoing impact on our company is going to be.
Brian Chin: Okay. And then last point, then I'll jump back. The cost cuts that you’ve got there embedded in the current EBITDA guidance, I thought I heard you say that, but I just want to confirm.
Chuck Jones: No, they are not.
Brian Chin: They are not.
Chuck Jones: They are targets at this point. Once we know what they are, then we will embed them in our going forward forecast that we give you.
Brian Chin: Very good. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Fleishman: Hi, good morning. First the question on, you mentioned the supplemental testimony you’re going to file on Monday I guess. Could you just give us a little sense, more color on what areas you might be focusing on with that?
Leila Vespoli: Hi, Steve. This is Leila. We will be addressing the factors that the Commission laid out in the APKs, while we think our underlying case actually did cover all of those. Since the Commission gave us an opportunity to supplement our testimony, we are availing ourselves of that. So just if you think about them, they were financials, need, supply diversity, comply with environmental regulations, jobs, economic development, and then kind of going down the lift. So we will be supplementing our testimony in all those regards.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Thanks. Separate question, just to clarify something on the equity issuance question before. So to degree that you would look at equity funds for growth investment, would that only be for investment that goes beyond your current capital plan or could it be fund investment that’s already in your current capital plan?
Chuck Jones: Well, Steve, I think we need to see where we end up with this initiative first and foremost and where that leaves us in terms of free cash flow once that’s done. But I would say my goal is to use equity for new growth on top of the growth that we've already communicated to you.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Good. And then last question just in terms of the transmission, my recollection is that you’re going to be reserving for kind of -- some kind of ROE adjustment in transmission. And I don’t know if there is anything color you can give on what you’re assuming there after something in your Q or something on that?
Chuck Jones: So here is what I would say on that, we have been approved for a forward-looking formula rate at 12.38%. We are doing what we believe is prudent to go forward, but I think we’re approaching those negotiations in the settlement process from that perspective. And for me to give you anything else, I think we’re negotiating against ourselves at this point and I'm not prepared to do that. So we'll see where this process unfolds, but I think FERC approved us at 12.38% and we’re going to negotiate from there.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, but you’re reserving something?
Chuck Jones: No.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Neel Mitra from Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please proceed with your question.
Neel Mitra: Hi, good morning.
Leila Vespoli: Hi, Neel.
Chuck Jones: Good morning.
Neel Mitra: First question on JCP&L, now that you have the rate case resolved, obviously it was off of a 2011 test year. So you’re not getting up to that authorized ROE, how soon could you refile to try to get the liabilities between authorized and earned?
Leila Vespoli: Hi, Neel. Actually from the rate order, we are required to file the rate case by April 2017, but as we always do we continue to look at that and I might expect to filing even sooner than that timeframe.
Chuck Jones: But one of the things we want to do here is we haven’t really been able to sit down and talk with the BPU commissioners for almost three years now. And the President and I have talked and we are going to get together and talk about the future of JCP&L together before we get to a point where then we can’t talk again. So that’s the game plan.
Neel Mitra: Great. And then Jim, I wanted to go back to your comments about possibly reducing the amount of terawatt hours that comes out of the fleet in 2015 and I'm not sure if it was 2016 as well. In 2015, would it be a margin benefit just because you’re purchasing power at cheaper cost and generating or the actual kilowatt hours coming down for stuff that you haven’t hedged and does that also affect 2016 as well?
Jim Pearson: Neel, what we’re looking at is, it would be a margin benefit, because we would be looking at buying power cheaper than what we would produce it at.
Neel Mitra: So, would be for the hedge portion, I guess, in 2015, what about 2016?
Jim Pearson: Yes.
Neel Mitra: Have you commented on kilowatt hours generation for that.
Jim Pearson: Yeah. We have that broken out in the fact book, Neel. I don’t have the exact number right of the top of my head. But, yeah, we would have it out there. But in 2016, we’re going to look at running in and dispatching the plans no differently than we are right now, if it’s cheaper to buy from the market that’s what we will do.
Neel Mitra: Great. And then, just generally speaking, as far as some investment for the super supercritical to be CP compliance. Is there any general color you can give us as to how your fleet is positioned going into the auction in hopefully August?
Chuck Jones: Well, I think, we need to see first where FERC and PJM land in terms of a capacity performance product being in the auction. Then we need to sit down and take a look at how are we going to approach that auction from a bidding strategy. Then we need to see what units clear and at what price they clear and then from there we’ll decide what the appropriate investment in our unit is to make sure that they’re available when they need to be. So there are a lot of unanswered questions and there’s a lot of competitive implications around how we’re going to approach to that I prefer not to get into the details. So but we understand that there is the potential that we may want to do some additional investment in our fleet, but that all depends on where these rules shake out and where the market ultimately clears that.
Neel Mitra: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good morning.
Chuck Jones: Hey, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, so just following-up with little clarity on New Jersey. Does it necessarily need to be a rate case for say in the medium term? Specifically, what I’m curious about is, is there any potential for like a stimulus like program like we’ve seen at some of the peers in New Jersey versus or in conjunction with the rate case?
Chuck Jones: Well, as I said, we haven’t had a chance to really have meaningful dialogue with the BPU for three years. We’re going to go over there and have meaningful dialogue. Once we have that, I’ll be able to answer that question a little better. It's an option that we would obviously be willing to consider it, if they willing to consider it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then with regard to the disk in Pennsylvania, you’ve been parting with the idea for a while. What do you need to see happen there or what’s the ambiguity or [ambigulance] [ph] in pursuing that structure?
Chuck Jones: Well, I wouldn’t say, we’ve been flirting with it. We had a major hurdle we had to get through, which is the base rate cases for all of those companies, which we are now through. And now what I've done is I've asked our energy delivery team to look at what investments make sense for customers inside those operating companies. And I’ve pretty consistently said, I’m going to go invest money where it make sense for customers. So until we see exactly company by company what the needs are to drive reliability improvement and improve customer service, I can’t answer that. I think, I've said that we could spend up to about $440 million in Pennsylvania and stay under the 5% cap. I don't see it’s going anywhere near that number in the first disk filing that we would make, if we make one. But we’re putting that business case together right now.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. And then finally on the GenCo real quickly. In light of the latest trend of cost cuts, are you still generally targeting a cash flow breakeven outlook for that company? Is that kind of the right way to think about it at a high level?
Chuck Jones: Well, that business…
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: …cost cut to get you there.
Chuck Jones: That business is cash flow positive for the next four years without any of these cash flow improvements. So anything that we accomplish is going to make it more cash flow positive and its going to make FirstEnergy more -- improve FirstEnergy's overall cash flow and that what we’re trying to accomplish. So we’re already cash flow positive for that business for the next four years.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Great. Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Good morning.
Chuck Jones: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Just looking -- just going over a few of these questions. I’m afraid I was a little bit but completely clear on. When I look at the fact book and we talked about it, it was Neel’s question on the generation output. I don’t see any significant change post 2015 in terms of you guy’s expectation. And I just wanted to make sure I understood this correctly. I mean, do you guys because of what’s happened with the power prices and the forward groups, do you see any change in what your output might be? I just want to, just make sure I understand.
Donny Schneider: Yeah. Paul, this is Donny. Yeah. From 2016 with the forwards that are out there, we’re still projecting no change to what we’ve shown in previous fact books. The fact of the matter is, at today’s forwards we’re kind of right on the edge. And so almost literally a dollar change in the forwards would move, whether we dispatch a unit or we don’t dispatch a unit. But for now what we’re seeing in ‘16 is that our units will run as we’ve forecasted previously.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Great. Thanks for clarity. And then also on I think, Dan’s question on as for the FERC. Leila, you said that if Supreme Court did take up the auction, I think you said that -- take up the case, excuse me, that you wouldn’t seek to rerun the auction but you would want to take out the effects. Could you elaborate a little bit more on that? Are you seeing that you just have the auction reprised or what do you actually mean by that?
Leila Vespoli: No. I don’t think they misunderstood what I said. What FERC has done, PJM came to FERC and asked to consider DR on the demand side of the equation and FERC told them they were pretty mature in that. So the Supreme Court takes up the case. The chance exist that demand response might still be under FERC jurisdiction. And I think that what FERC was looking at. So right now the way it would I think play out is demand response would be in the BRA auction when it’s held presumably in the middle of August. And would be a supply side item as it has been in the past.
Paul Patterson: Okay. But if it wasn’t in the -- if the Supreme Court did not take it out, would you seek to have the previous auction? I think you suggested that the previous auction you want to …
Chuck Jones: Boomerang.
Paul Patterson: What do you mean by not having the auctions rerun but having them the effect taken out it think it’s the way I understand it to be?
Leila Vespoli: Right. So flashing back to last year when we held the BRA and we filed the complaint with FERC, what we suggested was if demand response is not under FERC jurisdiction than what the remedy should be is just to remove demand or response from the supply side and then you can still stack up from how the auction was. What would’ve happened if demand was not been taken but other generators would’ve been taken. So you take out price suppression effect but you don’t have to -- nobody has to rebid everything back into the auction.
Paul Patterson: Okay. I see. Okay. Thanks so much for that. And then on JCP&L there is this review that's going on, that I think they are trying to do some audit or something which is little unusual since you just had your proceedings. But they themselves are seeking to review you guys. Could you talk about that and how that relates to the potential for? I mean, could you just address that, I guess, and what you think about that in this whole idea about the lag and everything else that you talked about?
Chuck Jones: Well, first of all, I would say this we are not afraid of any audit of JCP&L’s operations I'm confident that that when they do this review, they are going to see a JCP&L that is much different than the JCP&L they saw the last time that they did a review. The reason for it is as a result of the 2011 and 2012 storms. There were reliability issues that kind of crept in to the rate case and there was no adequate mechanism within the rate case to deal with the reliability issues. So coming out of the rate case, this is a way that kind of put those reliability issues behind us and position us as I said where we can now work with the BPU to move forward together.
Paul Patterson: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Charles Fishman from Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman: Good morning. Your had a great quarter with respect to transmission. I just wonder appreciating that you don't want to negotiate with yourself during the settlement proceedings but I believe this was the first quarter you got forward rate making mechanism at TrAIL, TrAILCo. Can you separate that out the $0.09? I mean how much was due to the forward mechanism and how much was due to fact that you’ve been very busy with CapEx the past year?
Chuck Jones: First off, it’s ATSI that we filed further, not TrAIL.
Charles Fishman: Okay.
Chuck Jones: And as a result of those filing, what you are essentially seeing is the investments that we made in 2014 were made in a kind of the old formula rate. So for the first quarter of this year, you are seeing kind of a compound impact of everything that we invested in ‘14 because the rate went into effect as well as the first quarter investments that we’ve made. So in those overall results, the difference between a 12.38% return in any other subsequent return that we might end up at is minimal and that's why we say we reserved a small amount but we are moving forward with a 12.38% return until somebody tells that it’s a different return. And I believe there is a very strong case to be made that if there is a different return, it should be different going forward from the point where there’s a settlement not reverse, so.
Charles Fishman: Okay. So the settlement negotiations are really over the ROE not over the forward rate making mechanism, correct?
Leila Vespoli: This is Leila. We really can’t comment on what’s being discussed in the settlement. But I think, given the position of ROE in the grand scheme of things, you can derive your own conclusions with regard to that.
Charles Fishman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Ashar Khan from Visium. Please proceed with your question.
Ashar Khan: First of all, great results and my questions have been answered. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys. Congrats on a good quarter. Real quick and this one maybe more for Jim. Just looking at the short-term debt balances, seem that those went up a little bit. What’s your plan in terms of whether you’ll maintain that short-term debt balance outstanding for a good while or whether you have the capability to pay it down or will you think about either terming it out or doing something else with it to reduce long-term interest rate exposure?
Jim Pearson: We wait to see where we come out on these initiatives as Chuck talked about, Michael. We have some significant opportunity in the cash flow improvement project that Chuck talked and then a couple of the other big items that we are still looking at the capacity performance and the PPA. We don't have any plans right now to term any of that debt out. We will continue to look at it. The first quarter’s a little bit unusual from cash flow output. We generally prepay our Pennsylvania gross receipts tax. That's about a $177 million. We had a pension contribution that we made in the first quarter. Ohio property taxes are due in the first and third quarter and generally, our benefit plans perhaps are in the first quarter. So it’s a bit of an abnormal. I would expect that over the rest of the year we would not see that balance to grow. In fact, we may reduce that somewhat. But we will continue to look at whether it makes sense to terminate it out. I would prefer as time goes on, to push that further down into the business units, have the debt closer to the asset. But I think we’ve got to wait to see where we come out on some of these initiatives before we make that final decision.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Jim. Much appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Hugh Wynne from Bernstein Research. Please proceed with your question.
Hugh Wynne: Hi. I just wanted to congratulate you and encourage you on this effort to improve quality of earnings. And I wanted to ask question regarding that. One of the distinct aspects of your operating earnings presentation as I understand it, correct me if I’m wrong, is that unlike your GAAP earnings where the difference between expected returns on pension assets and realized returns on pension assets is recognized every year in the fourth quarter. In operating earnings, there’s actually no recognition of that difference. And I estimate that over the last five years that difference of expected returns over actual returns on pension assets has been something like $570 million, which works out to an average of about a $115 million a year or $0.27 a share. So, I was -- my question then is, are you thinking of ways in which you could perhaps reflect more accurately in operating earnings the outcome of your pension investments?
Charles Jones: Hugh, we made that decision a number of years ago to record any changes in actuarial assumptions on a mark-to-market basis. In our ongoing operating results, we have all of the service costs in there and then just any changes in the actuarial assumptions. And the biggest piece of that is generally the change in the discount rate, which has fallen over the last few years. So, we have no intention of changing the way we report our pension and our operating earnings going forward. But we fully break that out and much you know what the discount rate and the actual return on the assets.
Hugh Wynne: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thanks you. Our next question today is coming from with [Paul Fremont from Nexus] [ph]. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Fremont: Thank you very much. Really two things. One, can you give us any type of update on potential discussion that you are having in Ohio. I think at one point, you had mentioned that some other parties have expressed an interest in talking to you subsequent to the AP decision?
Charles Jones: Well, I would say that we’re always in discussions with the parties that are intervening. And we’re not in discussions with the commission because we can't be. And when we have something to tell you, we’ll tell you.
Paul Fremont: And then I guess the other question is half of the $2.6 billion, I think represented fuel which I think is more unique to the generation side. But the other half looks like it could be potential savings that when applied to other segments within the company. You sort of ruled out transmission, but any possible application of that saving to the distribution side?
Chuck Jones: Well, what I ruled out is anything that would have a negative impact on our regulated growth strategy. So we just had rate cases in a number of our operations. It would be counterproductive there, if we’re looking at going forward to make additional an investments inside those utilities. So what I ruled out is anything -- used transmission as an example, but what I ruled out is anything that impacts our regulated growth strategy.
Paul Fremont: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Anthony Crowdell from Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Crowdell: Hi. All my questions had been answered. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Stephen Byrd from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Byrd: Good morning.
Chuck Jones: Hi, Stephen.
Leila Vespoli: Good morning.
Stephen Byrd: In your initial remarks you had mentioned, one of the contributors to 1Q performance was -- I think it was more rigorous economic dispatch of the generation unit. I wonder if you could just expand in terms of how you approached this year versus prior period.
Chuck Jones: Why don’t I let Donny take it, but as I’ve told you, our goal is to run the competitive business overall little more conservatively so that we can have predictable results and that’s what we’re trying to achieve. And obviously, what I talked about is effective last year there was a polar vortex this year in February. There was what they term the Siberian Express which was actually more severe weather and a higher PGM peak load. And I think that we were able to capitalize on some of that weather improvement that we get on the utility side by doing what I said. And that is our operating our generating business much more conservatively and part of that is we’re not going to dispatch units into a price that they don't make money, if we can avoid doing that. So Donny, you want to fill in any details or?
Donny Schneider: Yes. Stephen, I’d just to say, we’ve had a long history of this kind of thing. If you recall back in 2009 timeframe when the market first collapsed, we took our Lake plants offline, we took that workforce out of the Lake plants, and we moved them into the regulated side of business. Summer of 2012 we took Sammis Plant offline to get offline for about three to four months and then ultimately brought it back online. What we have now that's different than what we’ve had in the past. There is a lot more freeboard. When you have that open position into the spot market, you're able to take advantage of the market much more readily than what we have had in the past, because we have a cushion there from a risk perspective. So when you look back at this previous quarter, we had our Mansfield Plant completely offline for about a straight week when the price was below our marginal cost.
Stephen Byrd: Okay. Understood. That makes sense. And then just touching on the performance during the winter, it sounds like this winter you all have a much better operational performance. We talked a little bit in the past about this, but just curious how can you -- can you talk about the sort of changes you’ve had year-over-year and how you physically manage the fleet for weather risk and how that positions you going forward?
Chuck Jones: Well, the biggest difference between January 14 and this year was we had a generator step-up transformer failure at Beaver Valley 1. And that is a -- it was not a weather related event even though the temperature outside might have been 17 below zero. The temperature inside that transformer is around 75 degree to 90 degree C, so it was a random failure that just happened to occur at the worst time that it could possibly occur. So that was the biggest impact on 2014. Beyond that, we took some steps to harden if you will some of the equipment that is outdoors, and subject to weather our power plants that could lead to a disruption in unit performance. But there wasn't a whole lot of significant work and expenditures necessary to do that. And I'll just tell you that the teamwork between our Commodity Group and our generation fleet was exceptional this winter and that also led to the type of results that we were able to accomplish.
Stephen Byrd: Thank you very much.
Chuck Jones: Okay. Well, I think that was the last question. So we want to thank you all for your support. Obviously, I think we had a pretty good quarter, it was influenced by the weather and I’m not going to take credit for the weather, because we've got July and August come in. And if it goes the other way, I’m not going to take blame for the weather either. But it was a good start to the year. If you dig down below that, our operational performance was right on schedule with what we're trying to accomplish. And I know one quarter doesn't make a trend, but you have to start with one before you can get to 10 or 12. So that's our game plan and we thank you all for your support.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Meghan Beringer - Director, Investor Relations Chuck Jones - President and Chief Executive Officer Leila Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets and CLO Jim Pearson - Senior Vice President and CFO Donny Schneider - President, FirstEnergy Solutions Jon Taylor - Vice President, Controller and CAO Steve Staub - Vice President and Treasurer Irene Prezelj - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Anthony Crowdell - Jefferies Ashar Khan - Visium Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Brian Chin - Bank of America Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Greetings. And welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp.’s Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now turn the conference over to Ms. Meghan Beringer, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, Ms. Beringer. You may now begin.
Meghan Beringer: Thank you, Manny, and good morning. Welcome to FirstEnergy’s fourth quarter earnings call. First, please be reminded that during this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp. are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated report to the financial community, which was released yesterday and is also available on our website under the Earnings Information link. Today, we will be referring to operating earnings, operating earnings per share, operating earnings per share by segments and adjusted EBITDA, which are all non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are contained in the consolidated report. The updated fact book, and as well on the Investor Information section on our website at www.firstenergycorp.com/ir. Participating in today’s call are; Chuck Jones, President and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Pearson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President, Markets and Chief Legal Officer; Donny Schneider, President of FirstEnergy Solutions; Jon Taylor, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Steve Staub, Vice President and Treasurer; and Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations. Now I will turn the call over to Chuck Jones.
Chuck Jones : Thanks, Meghan, and good morning, everyone. It’s my pleasure to talk with you today. For today’s call we are deliberately keeping our prepared remarks rather brief, so there will be plenty of time to take your questions at the end. Clearly the topic many of you will be most interested in is our 2015 earnings guidance, which we made public late last evening. But before moving to that discussion, I’d like to take a moment to thank Tony Alexander for his leadership of FirstEnergy over the past decade. Tony guided our Company through a dramatic expansion and navigated through one of the most challenging periods in the history of the utility industry. As you know, we also announced last night that Tony’s last day will be April 30th and we certainly wish him well as he begins his new chapter in his life and enjoys more time with his family. Since moving into the CEO position on January 1, I’ve had the opportunity to either meet personally or talk with many of you over the telephone. We’ve had some good two way conversation over the past couple of months. And I want you to know that the entire FirstEnergy team is committed to providing frank and open discussion about the challenges and opportunities we are facing as a company, that’s why in light of the recent Pennsylvania rate case settlements we decided to provide you with our earnings guidance range earlier than originally planned, so you would have a clear sense of what we are expecting this year. The 2015 operating earnings guidance range of $2.40 to $2.70 per share is in line with the updated drivers for our utilities business and corporate segment that we provided in November, although some street expectations have not been adjusted to reflect that information. Looking at consensus estimates, we saw a fairly widespread of about $0.50 ranging from $2.60 to over $3.10 and we understand the challenges of modelling FirstEnergy giving all the moving pieces we have right now. Given the disparity between the street consensus and our 2015 base earnings, we believe it’s very critical to ground the investment community on earnings sooner rather than later as we reset our utilities around the new growth strategy. After today, our focus shifts to customer service driven growth across the utility segment. In that light now that we have made our 2015 earnings guidance public, following this call Irene and her investor relations team will be happy to answer your detailed questions about all the disclosures we made yesterday and today including here in our consolidated report and in our updated fact book. In the future once all of the pending rate case proceedings are finalized modelling are going forward earnings power should be far more transparent. And we hope to better articulate that for you later this year during the analyst meeting where we expect to provide a growth target for our utilities as well as in overall strategic update on all three of our business segments. We continue to believe the initiatives that were put in place during 2014 laid the path for our future growth and success. So let’s several minutes to review the key events of the past year. We successfully launched our Energizing the Future of transmission expansion program. Under this program, we will invest billions of dollars with an eye towards serving our customers better. These investments will improve reliability, add resiliency to the bulk electric system and install enhanced physical and cyber security to ensure our assets perform as designed. With our multiple rate proceedings, we have also set the stage for similar investment in our regulated businesses and more timely recovery of those investments. The recent major storm events that have impacted FirstEnergy service territory have highlighted the need for hardening of our distribution systems. And of course in the wake of the polar vortex and other severe weather events last winter we began taking a far more conservative approach in our competitive business to limit risk and -- focus on greater stability. We have made good progress on these efforts. Our West Virginia rate case settlement was approved by the state public service commission earlier this month and we have filed settlements in our Pennsylvania and Ohio rate proceedings that require regulatory approval. We also look forward to closure on the base rate case at JCP&L and remain hopeful that the board of public utilities final decision in that proceeding will appropriately include the $580 million incurred by JCP&L for the 2012 storms. Once that case is finalized we look forward to working with the BPU to make Jersey Central Power & Light a stronger company going forward. In our ATSI proceeding, we believe FERC’s approval of our request to move to forward looking rates as of January 1 signals support for transmission investments for grid reliability. As we anticipated FERC accepted it subject to refund and also set hearing and settlement procedures and initiated an inquiry into ATSI’s return on equity. We believe that more timely recovery associated with forward looking rates is a major benefit to us which outweighs the impact of a potentially modest ROE adjustment. This rate structure for ATSI will provide a much better co-relation to our cost as we continue to implement our Energizing the Future of transmission investment plan. That plan is comprised primarily of thousands of small, customer focus transmission projects and equipment upgrades that can be implemented relatively quickly across our existing 24,000 miles of transmission assets. These projects are designed to enhance system reliability and resiliency for our customers while providing long term and sustainable growth for FirstEnergy. I strongly believe that the right investments are those that customers value and are willing to pay for and that provide attractive returns for our investors. It’s gratifying to report on the successful first year of that program. We overcame some weather related setbacks early in the year but by December we successfully completed our plan of $1.4 billion in new investments spanning more than 1100 projects. You can see the impact that that investment when you look at our financial disclosures for the transmission segment. The plan for 2015 calls for an additional $970 million investment across 430 projects including 1000 pieces of substation equipment and 300 miles of transmission lines. By the end of this year we expect to be well on track to meet our four year goal of $4.2 billion in investments through 2017. Key projects for 2015 include construction of a new substation and transmission line near Clarksburg, West Virginia to support an existing gas processing plant and reinforce the regional grid. We are also planning construction of a new transmission substation near Burgettstown town, Pennsylvania that will support low growth and improve service reliability for more than 40,000 customers of West Penn Power. At the EEI conference last November, we told you that we have identified about $15 billion in incremental transmission projects in 2018 and beyond providing a path to both improved customer service and a long term and sustainable growth platform for our company. Lets shift gears now and look at our competitive business. The actions we continue to take with regard to our more conservative strategy have been very effective at reducing the overall risk in this business. While our open position is subject to market movement we are structuring the business to be more predictable and self sustaining. Our conservative approach will better protect us in the event of extreme weather or unplanned outages at a major generating facility. We are projecting this business to be cash flow positive each year over the 2015 to 2018 period using conservative assumptions. I’ve been asked numerous times about the possibility of divesting this business, frankly at this point in time it doesn’t make sense while we are at or hopefully near the bottom of the market to sell these assets at the lowest value they will likely ever have. In addition, capacity market reforms and pending changes to the treatment of demand or response are likely to provide near term value for this business. Once these moving pieces play out we should have a much better picture of what we can expect from our competitive business going forward, at this point it remains a core business for FirstEnergy. However, we continue to monitor closely the financial performance of some of our individual generating units, particularly those located in western PJM. While the low market revenues are build into our financial models several of our units continue to struggle to run economically. The strategies we have in place in all three of our business segments are sound. They are the right priorities for our company at this time and in this environment and we will continue to refine them as conditions require or opportunities emerge. Along the way we intend to provide clear communication about our challenges, opportunities, strategies and goals. I’m sure you will have many questions at the end of this call and we have full investor meeting schedule coming up. I will make myself available as often as necessary to ensure we address all of your questions. I also hope to get to know many of you more in the next several months. For those of you who are not yet familiar with my style, I was trained in as an engineer to solve problems. My career FirstEnergy has been focused on customers and looking for sound long term solutions. Our distribution and transmission businesses have been my main focus, although I did have the opportunity to oversee our competitive business for the couple of years as well. As I mentioned earlier, in my mind the best investments like the ones we’re making in our transmission business are those that provide both customers and shareholders with real value. Its our responsibility to provide customer with a safe, reliable, affordable and clean electricity and my philosophy is that a commitment to these principals reflected in both our decision making and our management style is good business. Lastly, I believe very strongly in transparent communications whether to employees, customers, regulators or the financial community that mean saying what we know, when we know it. That’s why we decide to write earnings guidance sooner than originally expected. Looking forward, we will remain focused on long term shareholder value, executing our regulated growth plans and taking a conservative approach to our competitive business. At the same time, we will continue to evolving [ph] to meet the needs of our customers who rely on electricity to power their businesses in everyday lives. It’s my priority to move FirstEnergy to its next period of growth and success benefiting our customers, employees and investors. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Jim for a short review of 2014 financial results and additional details on our earnings guidance. Following Jim’s remarks we’ll open the call to your questions and we should have ample time to address whatever you’d like to talk about.
Jim Pearson: Thanks, Chuck and good morning everyone. This morning we’ve reported 2014 fourth quarter operating earnings of $0.80 per share and full year operating earnings of $2.56 per share, which was at the upper end of our guidance range. It was a strong quarter and solid year overall with numerous achievements. In somewhat of a change to past practice I won’t cover the results for the quarter in detail by segment since that information is available in the consolidated report or from our IR team. Instead, I will speak to the major drivers and events while leaving more time for Q&A. For the fourth quarter of 2014 GAAP results were in loss of $0.73 per share. This includes special items of $1.53 per share of which $1.23 is related to our annual pension and OPEB mark-to-market adjustment and as a non-cash item. This adjustment primarily reflects a 75 basis points decline in the discount rate and revise mortality assumptions used to measure our obligation. Moving now to our fourth quarter operating earnings drivers, consistent with the guidance we provided at EEI November, the FirstEnergy consolidated effective tax rate was 21.6% in the fourth quarter of 2014 predominantly reflecting a tax benefit associated with the resolution of state tax position. This drew a quarter-over-quarter benefit of $0.12 per share of which $0.10 was included in the corporate segment. And our regulated utilities overall distribution deliveries decreased fourth quarter earnings $0.01 per share. Total deliveries were down slightly primarily driven by milder weather which drove a 2.5% reduction in residential sales quarter-over-quarter. Industrial sales were up 1.8%, the sixth consecutive quarter of growth in that sector. On the transmission side we’ve reported fourth quarter operating earnings of $0.14 per share in line with our expectations as we ramped up our Energizing the Future initiative. At our competitive operations results came in slightly better than expected for the quarter. Commodity margin was down $0.08 per share primarily due to lower contract sales that resulted from the change in retail strategy as well as mild weather. These factors were partially offset by higher capacity revenues related to the increase in the auction clearing prices. Let’s move to a short overview of some of the key earnings drivers for 2014 which included a 6% earnings improvement in our transmission segment year-over-year as we launched our Energizing the Future Initiatives. On a competitive side of the business we experienced a year-over-year earnings decline of $0.51 per share due to the extreme weather events early in 2014, partially offset by the actions we put into place to reposition our sales portfolio and effectively hedge our generation by reducing weather sensitive loads. Adjusted EBITDA was $653 million in line with our expectations. At our regulated distribution utilities we’ve reported 2014 operating earnings of $1.93 per share in line with the midpoint of guidance we provided in November. We saw the full benefit of the West Virginia asset transfer but also rising expenses for maintenance, depreciation, general taxes and interest without commensurate recovery in rates. However, as Chuck said, new rates that we expect to be effective in 2015 will reset the base line for a majority of our utilities. Distribution deliveries increased 1% compared to 2013 on both on actual and weather adjusted basis. Industrial sales were up each quarter and ended the year up 2%. At our corporate segment we benefited from multiple tax initiatives and ended the year with an effective income tax rate of 29.3%. As we have previously discussed, we anticipate an effective tax rate of approximately 37% to 38% in 2015. Let’s now move to a discussion of some of the 2015 operating earnings guidance details. On the regulated utility side which is where we believe most estimates did not fully account for the increases in ongoing expenses such as depreciation, interest and taxes, we expect a midpoint of $1.82 per share. This includes new rigs in West Virginia which will effective this month and our expectation for new rates in Pennsylvania which would be effective in May based on the pending settlement. For New Jersey, we assumed revenues neutral to 2014 levels but included $0.08 per share for amortization of deferred storm cost for both 2011 and 2012 storms. We expect moderate low growth in distribution sales of about 1%. Commodity margin at our competitive operations is expected to increase by $0.44 per share in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily due to higher ATSI capacity prices. For 2015, our committed sales currently are 67 million megawatt hours. Our 2015 adjusted EBITDA for the competitive business has been revised to $875 million to $950 million, a slight decrease from our previous range given the drop in power prices since November. At our transmission segment, this year we expect an uplift of $0.11 per share related to the implementation of forward-looking formula rates as requested in our FERC filing and high rate base at both ATSI and TrAIL. An although FERC has initiated an enquiry related to our ATSI, ROE we anticipate the range for that segment should accommodate the outcome of that process. At corporate a combination of a more normal effective tax rate coupled with increase net financing cost is expected to reduce 2015 operating earnings by $0.42 per share in line with the drivers we provided at the EEI. Last evening, we published detailed information regarding our 2015 guidance on our fact book, which is posted on our website. With that, I’d like open the call for you questions.
Operator: Thank you. We would now…
Jim Pearson: Okay. As promised we have 35 minutes left for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] our first question is from Neel Mitra of Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please go ahead.
Neel Mitra: Hi. Good morning.
Jim Pearson: Good morning, Neel.
Neel Mitra: Jim, I had a question on the O&M expense at the regulated utilities, so it seems to go up $0.08 in 2015 and then in your drivers in 2016, it looks like its flat. Was just wondering what’s causing the increase in 2015 and maybe what’s the normalized run rate on a percentage basis for increases going forward?
Jim Pearson: Going forward, Neel, I would say our O&M is going to be pretty much consistent with what we’re reflecting in 2015. In 2015, we’re seeing some additional O&M expenses associated with some of our rate filings and vegetation management mostly. That would be the primary driver.
Chuck Jones: And vegetation management are big piece of it, in light of the major storms that we saw, we been spending a lot of money reclaiming our rights of ways and expanding our rights of ways which has been capital expense and we’re going to be shifting more into more typically four year trim cycle which is going to shift some of that back to O&M.
Neel Mitra: Right. So in 2016, it looks it shows its kind of neutral, as I mean you expected to be flat or do you expect kind of a consistent percentage increases as 2014 or 2015 between 2015 and 2016?
Jim Pearson: No. In 2016 Neel we would expect that O&M to be flat to 2015.
Neel Mitra: Okay, great. And then, is there any kind of update on the timing of the higher PPAs as far as when we get a decision and whether that would be before RPM?
Leila Vespoli: Hi, Neel, this is Leila. Yes. So the procedural schedule slipped in Ohio little bit. We may have FirstEnergy supplemental testimony being due in March 2 as well as intervener testimony and Staff testimony on March 27 and hearings on April 13. Given that we’ve asked for – originally asked for an April 8 decision date, obviously that is not going to happen. But from our standpoint I still think we’re in a good place. Originally we had asked for April 8 date to commit two things. If you think about it from an FES perspective, FES needs to know to whether they have this generation and how to hedge it. So we need a reasonable period of time to allow FES to be put in to position to sell it. And also with regard to the RMP auction. I think given the schedule the way it is now we’re FES is going to have to bid those units in along with the rest of the competitive generation and it just kind of a missed opportunity for the utility side to do that. But again I don’t think a critical thing. it just would have been a nice to have kind of thing. So that’s – it was respect to the schedule for us. As you may AEP has a case dealing with the PPA coming up, I understand decision will probably come out in the next two to three weeks or so and I’m hopeful that will bode well for decision in our case.
Neel Mitra: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. the next question is from Dan Eggers from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Dan Eggers: Hey, good morning guys. Chuck, I think Jim hit it well that you prior lot of us in the industry were surprised by some the expense lines of the utility, if you look at the earned ROEs for the jurisdictions how do you think those ROEs look in 2015 versus what you expect going forward meaning, are you going to see improvement in ROEs beyond this year, or we normalized at this ROE level?
Chuck Jones : Well, Dan, here’s what I’d say, obviously I think given fiscal policy in our country there is going to continue to be pressure on ROEs as long as interest rates stay low. But absent regulatory action on our part I don’t see any way that those are going to change. So once we get through Pennsylvania, we’ll figure out where we end up with ATSI and we get through New Jersey. I think we’re going to be in a pretty stable place there and I expect later this year when we do an Analyst Meeting that we’ll be able to give you little more transparency into what those ROEs are company by company other than we kind of did the rate making and kind of a black box type environment. So hopefully we’ll give you more clarity on that later this summer.
Dan Eggers: Can I maybe ask that little clumsier than I meant to. From an earned ROE perspective, if you look at the different utilities and particularly with your rate cases having gotten resolved, should the earned realized ROEs kind of level out at where you are expecting in 2015 guidance or do you look at things in 2016 and 2017 that could allow ROEs to improve?
Jim Pearson: I would think they’re going to certainly level out at where we’re at in 2015 and I expect overtime there will be some modest improvement.
Dan Eggers: Okay, and I guess here Jim on the operating expenses you know being higher on the utilities something that you expected the Pension/OPEB in depreciation expenses seem to stand out from our math, can you just talk about what was underlying in some of those increases year-on-year and how we should think about those going forward?
Jim Pearson: Yes let me start with the Pension/OPEB line Dan, that’s primarily driven by the absence of a credit that is expiring over the 2014, 2015 timeframe. And then you have slightly higher pension expense associated with the mortality tables. So that’s what drove the reduction in that line. From a increase in what I would say the depreciation and property taxes when I look at distribution that’s pretty consistent year-over-year and if you look at 2013 to 2014 depreciation property taxes increased about $0.09 were showing about an $0.08 increase 2015 to 2016. And when you think about it, we’re spending about $1.4 billion, $1.3 billion annually at our distribution company and we have about $650 million of depreciation, so we’re spending more in our depreciation there so. I would look for that type of a consistent increase in depreciation and property taxes. From the transmission side, we showed a increase in depreciation property taxes of about $0.03 2013 to 2014 and that was showing the ramp up of our Energizing the future program. We spent $1.4 billion in capital; in 2014 we are expecting to spend just about $1 billion in 2015. So that $0.11 increase in property tax is really associated with that increased capital and essentially the timing of when it goes into service.
Dan Eggers: Okay. Just one last question just on the transmission side with the CapEx down this year versus last year, I know that was part of the plan you laid out in the fall but because you have a lot of smaller projects what could motivate you guys that allow the opportunity fee you spend more money in 2015 than you’ve budgeted so far?
Chuck Jones : I don’t think we’re going to spend more money in 2015 than we budgeted, so wouldn’t want to leave you with that impression. You know one of the critical aspects of that plan quite frankly is getting the workforce to be able to construct these projects and there is a constraint on that across our nation, but we have locked in through a partnership with Quanta workforce that will be available to FirstEnergy well into the future and I think that it makes sense to just approach this in a kind of steady predictable fashion. The drop off from 2014 to 2015 is due to the fact that we had a number of reliability projects that PJM ordered as a result of the late plant closings that were finishing up and putting in service early this year.
Dan Eggers: Great. thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson: Good morning, sorry about that. Can you hear me?
Chuck Jones : Yes, we can hear you Paul.
Paul Patterson: On the $0.30 per transmission that you guys are projecting for 2015, how much of that is in the [Indiscernible] Forward treatment that you guys are expecting? And just on that for a quarter, as I recall my understanding was that they really hadn’t signed off on the Ford test-years treatment. Correct me if I’m wrong, I know the settlement discussions must be encouraged and I think they are still going on, can you give us any flavour for that as well in this context of the Forward test-year stuff?
Leila Vespoli: This is Leila, I’ll answer the latter part of the question first and then turn it back over to Jim. So you are correct, we are in the settlement of process associate with that, there has been no set procedural schedule although if thing stay inline you might expect that decision in that case maybe late this year or slipping into the first quarter of the following year. With regard to the rate they have not left the forward looking tester, what they did is put the rate into effect subject to refund. So January 1st we started it and I think the refund date was something like the 12th or 13th of January. So that’s where it stands from a procedural schedule standpoint.
Jim Pearson: And Paul to your first question that $0.30 uptick in revenues there, the majority of that would be associated with actually in the forward-looking test year.
Paul Patterson: Okay. But you guys feels confident I guess I mean with respect to your settlement discussions and what have you about the forward test year treatment is that Leila that fair enough to say?
Leila Vespoli: I think if you look at past President at FERC I think the forward-looking test year part of it even though that is an issue that the party is raised is something that you know from my standpoint I feel very comfortable on, I mean some of the other things they are looking at you know – Interveners allege is you know -- finding the system. They are also looking at the protocols for true up. So from my standpoint officially given how Chuck described what it is we’re doing and the reliability aspects of this I feel very comfortable where we are. The one thing we have always highlighted is the rate of return and the fact that we thought that that would be an issue and not withstanding that we felt that appropriate to go in with the formula rate. If you want to think about it every 100 basis points is about $16 million and so you know if you then look at past President you can do your own calculation with regard to that.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great.
Jim Pearson: Paul, I just want to point out, I’m sure you understand this, but because the 2014 expenditures were you know lagging rate mechanism and now the 2015 expenditures are in a forward-looking mechanism what you are seeing in terms of the shift in earnings from 2014 to 2015 really is two years worth of expenditures. So that’s not the number that you are going to expect to see going forward.
Paul Patterson: Great. Thanks for the clarity guys. And then Chuck you mentioned in your remarks that you wanted I believe the merchant business to be more self sustaining and also that your thoughts of the market was at a very low price and – power prices and what have you in that it just being the wrong time to divest the business if that were the case. And I guess the question that I have is A, if your market outlook changed would you be willing to perhaps look at breaking off these companies if it were possible? And then just B, what’s your appetite for additional investments perhaps and merchants just and in general how do you see the merchant arm of this business which is clearly very different than the rest of the business, how do you see that strategically going forward, do you see a possibility of a spin off or just in general how should we think about how you are really looking at this business and what you might do strategically to enhance value?
Chuck Jones : So here’s how I am thinking about it. And I have told several others who – asked this question, I wanted to long time ago never say never and never say always. So, things can change, but for now we’re looking at running that business in a mode where we remain cash flow positive where we used those market changes that are coming to take that cash and begin retiring some of the holding company debt that’s associated with that business and overtime put that business into a position where we can have more flexibility and how we look at it. And then if you can tell me what the market’s going to be like in two years, three years, four years, I think I could answer what I would do depending on what that market’s like. But I don’t think anybody can tell us what that’s going to be. So right now we’re hedged down, we’re committed to running a cash flow positive and we are committed to de-risking it so that it doesn’t continue to be the conversation when 80% of our company is regulated and generating absent [ph] today and getting everybody kind of in line with where we are at, generating consistent predictable regulated earnings, so that’s the plan.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Thanks so much.
Jim Pearson: Hey Manny, before we go move forward, I intended [ph] to know when I was giving Dan an explanation on the increase as of depreciation year-over-year I said it increased 2016 versus 2015 I should have said 2015 versus 2014.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Angie Storozynski of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. I wanted to go back again to the distribution earnings, I mean we are clearly missing a piece here, so you’ve just gone to rate cases in Pennsylvania and New Jersey and West Virginia. You know what if your cost structure going into these rate cases, you showed us what is the pre-tax impact of the rate case settlement or decisions and yet we have all of this $0.25 plus drag from higher cost on the distribution side, shouldn’t that have been already reflected in the rate cases that you have gone through and also is this just an attempt to basically reset the base for future growth of this business and have fetched us just incremental on them [ph] spending that basically is not recurring?
Jim Pearson: Angie, yes this is Jim. Some of the expenses that we had incurred was to prepare us for these rate filings that we had. As I said earlier we would expect that our O&M is going to held flat going into next year and we will be realizing the full impact of all of those rate filings next year. As Chuck said earlier, I would look at 2015 as our base line that we are going to start growing those distribution earnings from that point and you know we’ll be said that provide more clarity on that at the analyst day meeting that we have.
Angie Storozynski: Okay, but can you please give us a sense of this growth that other regulated utilities can offer. I mean is this a meaningful step up starting in 2016 for distribution?
Jim Pearson: For this point we are not giving any type of 2016 guidance but you know this is the base line that we would expect to start showing growth at our distribution utilities. I don’t think we are going to put a percent out there yet until we fully understand what’s reflected in all of the regulatory outcomes and that we’re comfortable and confident that we’ll be able to deliver on that.
Chuck Jones: We’re got some work to do here, we have a settlement but it hasn’t been approved by the PA regulators, so I don’t think it’s fair for us to assume that we still got work to do in New Jersey and obviously we have a big case pending in Ohio. Once all that settles out then I think we are in a better position to decide what’s our investment strategy going forward, what’s our plan for each of those states going forward and that’s what we plan to tell you later this year once we get all those answers.
Angie Storozynski: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Stephen Byrd: Good morning.
Chuck Jones: Good morning.
Stephen Byrd: Wanted to just follow up I think really on Paul’s question on the sort of market outlook, you all are fairly physically close to a lot of the shale gas activity and we’re seeing a lot of development of shale gas. I was – just have a high level interested in your market take in terms of what the growth in shale gas really means longer term for power prices, what’s your expectations, it sounds like from Chuck’s earlier comments that you are relatively bullish on power prices relative to the four, I was just curious how you think about the dynamics from the shale gas that we are seeing being developed right around in your territory?
Jim Pearson: Well first of all I’m not sure what I said to make you think I was bullish on forward curve power freight [ph], because that’s quite to the contrary. I think as we look at the shale gas issue we have to look at it in a couple of different ways. The first way is on those forward price curves and we actually had IHS in yesterday to talk to us about their views. And I think you know for the foreseeable future, we’re not expecting any significant uptick in those forward price curves, so we are structuring our competitive business around those forwards as we know. The other side of that coin is it’s the economic development engine that’s driving growth in our territory and over the next few years we expect to connect over a 1000 megawatts of new load directly attributed to the midstream part of that business, you know there are discussions underway about upto three cracker plants in our region, if any or all of those come to fruition I think those are the foundation for an industrial revolution in the part of the country that we serve. So that’s the upside long term, the reality in short term is we expect gas prices to stay fairly low. There is some congestion in the gas markets that’s going on right now, but there is also roughly $20 billion worth of gas transmission projects that are under construction and expected to go in service over the next few years that will release some of that congestion and eliminate some of the basis difference between our zone and the rest of the country. And that might have a modest change but all in all we are planning to run our regulated business around the market forward as we see them today.
Stephen Byrd: Okay, great. And just wanted to touch base on your hedging strategy given that they are repaying [ph] your seen in the market any changes in terms of your thinking in terms of the volume that you’d like to hedge or given what you said about sort of your market outlook, any changes we should expect in terms of how you all think about hedging your generation fleet going forward?
Chuck Jones: I would say no. And what I said my prepared remarks was, we’ve structured that business in a way where we are trying to expose risks to volatility as associated to weather and to kind of protect ourselves against an unplanned generator outage, so we have the ability to generate 80 to 85 million megawatts hours a year. We’re going to sell something less than that, so that as the load fluctuates with weather our committed load fluctuates with weather and/or we have issues that any of our plants we have the ability to cover ourselves. That will – I understand were likely giving up some earnings potential from that business by taking risk out of it, but as I said earlier I’d rather make it more predictable, more stable and get it out of the conversation as much as I can so we can talk about the type of company FirstEnergy really is which is a large regulated utility with 6 million customers.
Stephen Byrd: That’s very clear. And just lastly very briefly the – we’ve seen some relatively extreme weather through the winter time, in general how has the fleet performed through this sort of this winter period that you are seeing, have you been satisfied with the performance of the fleet and anything compared to sort of prior years in terms of performance trends.
Chuck Jones: I would say our fleet has performed very well, the markets have not. So had two units at the Bruce Mansfield plant that didn’t run for six days in the last two weeks because the LMP at those plants we couldn’t make money, so we didn’t run out. So but the plants are available, they are running well, our generation team has done an amazing job between last year and this year getting ready for this winter.
Stephen Byrd: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi, good morning.
Chuck Jones: Hi Julien
Jim Pearson: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Congratulations again. I really wanted to focus on the transmission side of the business, specifically the guidance. What are you guys assuming in terms of an earned ROE, I know that may be awkward in the context of your pending case for ATSI, but can you give us a sense of how much lag is embedded in that number and as you turn towards the forward test year and implementing that in kind of a run rate for 2016 what kind of improvement should we be thinking about there and what’s ultimately reflected in 2015 specifically?
Chuck Jones: All right. So I’m not sure if I got all of those, I’m going to answer the first quesztin and then you can answer or ask them one at a time, it will be easier for me to follow. So, but the first question on you know, we get that question a lot of what are we assuming about ATSI’s rate of return going forward and here’s how I view this. We just got first approval January 1st to move forward. There are – there’s a case now that going to be had and there’s a settlement process that’s going to be had and my view is we’re going to go into those arguing like 12.38%, it makes sense going forward and it’s stimulating the type of investment and reliability that I believe folks should want. And that’s our going in position, anything from there I give you a number then we are going to be negotiating from that number. So we’re not going to give you a number, we are going to go into those settlement that settlement process and we’re going to make the best case we can to make sure that we get the right return for our investors so that we can continue making these investments in the way that we are.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: But from a regulatory lag perspective, what are you assuming if you can talk to that.
Chuck Jones: Regulatory lay we are assuming forward-looking rights.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. So there’s not necessarily improvement next year as you have a full year or have you?
Chuck Jones: No.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got you. And then in terms of the outlook for transmission CapEx how are you feeling about flowing dollars in the transmission versus distribution. Can you kind of elaborate a little bit on where you see capital going in the future and then subsequently I know we’ve discussed this before, on the distribution side, what kinds of future investments do you see now that you’ve gone or about to go through all of the state utility rate case?
Chuck Jones: So lets take transmission first. We’ve told you about 4.2 billion over a four year period that was in the second year of it was 1.4 billion the first year, it’s 900 and some million in the second year. After two years we’ll be right on track to be halfway through that and for 2016 and 2017 that will be the number. We have $15 billion worth of projects in addition to those that are in the four year plan that we can’t execute. That hopefully albeit in a position that when we talk to you later this year to articulate kind of more of a long term strategy for transmission and what we are planning to do there. But for the foreseeable future the numbers we’ve given you is what my plans are and I think one of the things that I have to start doing is saying what we are going to do and then doing what we say. So I don’t expect any change in that over the next couple of years. On the distribution front, the rate cases in Pennsylvania are a huge step. It rebases those utilities and it was a necessary step if we decide to make reliability improvement investments in Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania has a methodology that’s available to us called the disc that we can make investments, but as I told you when you came in, we got to get through these rate cases first and then we’ll make decisions there. And in my prepared remarks I said once we get through the base rate case in New Jersey then I look forward to the certain amount of BTU and working together to figure out how we make JCP&L stronger going forward. In Ohio we have a DCR mechanism that we have been using to invest in those utilities. So later this year I know you want numbers, I’m not prepared to give you numbers today, but later this year, I think we can lay out a strategy of how much and where we plan to invest to start using our distribution utilities to improve service to customers and improve the picture for shareholders at the same time.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got you. And you are interested in using the disc mechanism to be clear in terms of…
Chuck Jones: I think we will definitely look at it once we are done and then decide is that the best way and does it allow the right investments because more importantly to me is making the right investments that truly benefit customers. And if that makes more sense to make them and just have traditional rate cases then we’ll go that way. But to me we have to lay out what the plan is for customers first and make the right investments. If that can be done under the disc then the disc would be a smart way to do it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Anthony Crowdell of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey good morning. More of like I guess a long term view question or I guess earlier in your remarks you had said that you are not interested in selling the generation assets and I maybe paraphrasing just you thought that was kind of a departmental market, but as I think three to five years if you are locking up the assets now in terms of the regulatory agreement, aren’t you locking that in at these depressed prices and don’t – three to five years will not be able to benefit if there is a power price recovery?
Chuck Jones: Well, so let me opine a little bit on what’s going on in Ohio, and you know I am of the belief that long term those states that remained fully regulated when you have the opted—the ability to optimize between generation transmission and distribution you are going to serve customers best. Some of our states chose to go to competitive markets. This whole discussion in Ohio is around whether or not we trust regulators better to look out for the long term interest of customers or whether we trust markets better to look out for the long term interest of the customers. Those states that are net importers of generation end up with the highest cost and don’t have the ability to optimize between those three segments, so if the PPA is successful we’re basically taking those plants and turning it over to the regulators to regulate them again. They will have a chance to look at how we run them, to look at the prudency of our expenses, but we are saying I think we trust the regulator to look out for a future Ohio more than we do the markets today.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Ashar Khan of Visium. Please go ahead.
Ashar Khan: Most of my questions have been answered. I just wanted to thank Tony for his leadership during the very very hard period and I wanted to congratulate you on your taking over the responsibility of the new position. Thank you.
Chuck Jones: Well thank you. And I’m sure Tony does too, and I’m sure he’s listening. We don’t have a microphone in front of him, but I’m sure he is listening this morning.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Paul Ridzon of Keybanc. Please go ahead.
Paul Ridzon: Just I think you made a comment about 100 basis point of ROE at actually was it $16 million of net income?
Leila Vespoli: That was a comment I made and pre-tax, yes.
Paul Ridzon: Pre-tax, okay. And then I know you are not going to give a growth rate, but given the moving pieces we have with the timing of Pennsylvania rates coming in and New Jersey, do you think 2016 will be a step up from 2015 at the on the regulated side obviously competitive is going to be very well…
Chuck Jones: Well 2015 only includes seven twelfths of what Pennsylvania is worth, so in 2016 it will be a full years worth of treatment and then beyond that we need to see where we land in New Jersey and Ohio.
Paul Ridzon: And what was your assumption as far as New Jersey in guidance?
Jim Pearson: Yes what we assumed in the guidance Paul was that it would be revenue neutral and that there would be $0.08 of storm caused amortization associated with the 2011 and 2012 storms.
Paul Ridzon: Effective one, is that going to bleed into 2016 as well?
Jim Pearson: That would be effective March 1st , so you might have just slightly higher amortization year-over-year.
Paul Ridzon: Any sense of when you are going to hold your Analyst Day?
Chuck Jones: Not yet.
Paul Ridzon: Okay, thank you very much…
Chuck Jones: It will be after we have a decision in Ohio, a decision in New Jersey, a decision hopefully on ATSI and then we’ll go from there.
Paul Ridzon: Okay thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Brian Chin with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Brian Chin: Hi good morning.
Chuck Jones: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Chin: About a year ago the management team had expressed a possible interest in looking at the REIT structure for transmission growth opportunities and given now that there is an entity out there that’s you can see what the cost of capital is like, just wanted to see if you could give us an updated sense of that and Chuck also any comments you have there on your perspective?
Chuck Jones: I’m not sure. We are always looking at any option that’s out there, but I’m not sure that we saw at that time or see today any real benefit to a REIT for our company. Our company is a little complex in terms of we’ve got transmission that’s inside utilities, transmission that’s inside the ATSI, transmission that’s inside TrAILCo the transmission that’s inside ATSI, the real estate is owned by the utilities and I just think it’s a distraction that would take a lot of time and effort of the management team to figure out that we don’t need to be looking at right now because it doesn’t provide any significant long term financial advantage for us.
Brian Chin: That’s very clear. And then just one additional question you had mentioned in your prepared comments PJM West plant, plant box and some plants appear to be a little bit more struggling here. Is the primary criteria that you are thinking about cash flow accretion it seemed to be that you are leaning towards trying to get the merchant generation business to be cash flow positive so is that really the criteria that we should be thinking from a plant perspective here?
Chuck Jones: So we have the merchant generation business cash flow positive for the next four years at market forwards as we know them and with capacity as we know it. So that’s not our goal, that’s where we are at. As we see the changes that are happening with the capacity market reforms, that’s going to be additive. We’ve put ourselves in a position with our generating fleet that we’re not forced to generate because we have load committements. We’ve got a significant amount of our generation that’s going to be market driven generation. That gives us the ability like I said two weeks ago to say if Mansfield is not in the money we’re not going to run it and loose money. So we’re going to optimize it and that optimization is something that we’re going to do day in day out. We’re going to do day in kind of more as we look at any options on the retail side as new customer opportunities present themselves, but the goal is, is cash flow positive and were there. And then beyond that we want to obviously drive it more cash flow positive so that we can start getting additional flexibility in that part of our business down the road.
Brian Chin: Thank you very much.
Meghan Beringer: Manny we have time for one more question.
Operator: Certainly. The final question comes from the line of Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys, thanks guys for taking my call this late in the hour. Just thinking about the balance sheet and capital structure, you guys did a really good job year and a half or so ago of reducing the debt levels at the competitive business. You narrow in a position where you’ve got a lot of debt at the holding company level and a lot of it is short term or floating rate, many economist would argue that short term debt is probably at its all time lows and that directionally short term debt is likely heading high up. Do you have any thoughts in terms of how you can deal with the significant amount of short term debt that’s on the balance sheet, meaning whether you would turn [ph] it out and therefore kind of lock in a long term interest rate for that and kind of give yourself some multiyear certainty of that or would you potentially pay it off and if so where – how would you where would you receive the proceeds or how would you generate the proceeds to pay down some debt?
Jim Pearson: Michael, at this point I think we need to see how a number of these initiatives play out. If you think about the PPA in Ohio finalizing the rate cases, the potential for the capacity performance product I think that will give us a much clear sense of what our cash projections will be going forward. At this point we have no plans to term out any of the long term debt that’s sitting at the Holdco. I do agree with you that we are carrying more debt at that level than either Chuck and I are comfortable with, but as we lay out our long term plan going forward, it will be our intention to strengthen the balance sheet and with that reducing some of that debt at the holding company, but at this point I cannot give you a specific plan to do that until we know some of the outcomes of these major initiatives.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thanks Jim and Chuck, congratulations.
Chuck Jones: Thanks Mike.
Chuck Jones: Okay, well I’d like to thank you all for your continued support of FirstEnergy and I think you know our goal today was to give you a clear and transparent view of our company and to build the foundation for our growth strategy that we will lay out in more detail this year at the analyst meeting. I’m proud to have the opportunity to take over for Tony. I am proud of our employees at FirstEnergy because I truly believe that’s what makes our company strong and I’m thankful for our six million customers and obviously all of our investors. Take care everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-04 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Meghan Beringer - Director, Investor Relations Tony Alexander - President and CEO Chuck Jones - Executive Vice President and President, FirstEnergy Utilities Leila Vespoli - Executive Vice President, Markets and CLO Jim Pearson - Senior Vice President and CFO Donny Schneider - President, FirstEnergy Solutions Jon Taylor - Vice President, Controller and CAO Steve Staub - Vice President and Treasurer Irene Prezelj - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Paul Fremont - Jefferies Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates
Operator: Greetings. And welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp.’s Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Meghan Beringer, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, Ms. Beringer. You may begin.
Meghan Beringer: Thank you, Manny, and good afternoon. Welcome to FirstEnergy’s third quarter earnings call. First, please be reminded that during this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp. are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated report to the financial community, which was released earlier today and also available on our website under the Earnings Information link. Today, we will be referring to operating earnings, operating earnings per share, operating earnings per share by segments and adjusted EBITDA, which are non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are contained in the consolidated report. The updated fact book, as well as on the Investor Information section on our website at www.firstenergycorp.com/ir. Participating in today’s call are Tony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Chuck Jones, Executive Vice President and President, FirstEnergy Utilities; Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President, Markets and Chief Legal Officer; Jim Pearson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Donny Schneider, President of FirstEnergy Solutions; Jon Taylor, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Steve Staub, Vice President and Treasurer; and Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations. Now I will turn the call over to Tony Alexander.
Tony Alexander: Thanks, Meghan, and welcome, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Today, we will provide an update on the important initiatives that are shaping our company's future. Since our last earnings call in August, we have continued to build positive momentum in our regulated businesses and limit risk at our competitive operations. And at the same time, we are starting to see real progress as a result of our efforts to advocate for a competitive market that supports price stability and reliability. I will start with the review of development across our business, including some of the early and encouraging signs of reforms in the regional competitive markets. Then Chuck will join us with an update on the distribution business and our transmission investments. Leila will then discuss the status of the rate cases at our utilities, the ATSI filing that we made last week and other regulatory matters, as well as an update on the changes we have put in place in our competitive business. Finally, Jim will review our third quarter and year-to-date financial results. Okay. Let's get started. I'll start with a look back at events that have shaped this year so for. We believe 2014 will be remembered as a pivotal period for both our company and for the competitive environment in our region. The stage was set with the unusually warm temperatures in our region in September 2013, which strained the regional grid. With the start of the next year the same region was impacted by the polar vortex and subsequent severe weather events throughout the winter. These episodes of increased demand, revealed weaknesses in the regions power supply and resulted in nearly 100 emergency actions, interruptions of service to customers and severe spikes in wholesale power prices. We reacted quickly to the deterioration in market conditions, reassessing our sales strategy and setting a new course for our competitive business, based on the new market dynamics. As you know we took a series of significant steps, reduced our exposure to weather sensitive retail loads and to maintain a more open position to take advantage of market upside opportunities. At the same time, we have been working to support changes that can help prevent similar or even more disastrous stress on the electric grid in the future. And it is becoming evident that the weather events are serving as a catalyst for a number of very important reforms that will not -- that we not only endorse, but view as critical to stabilizing the wholesale markets in this region. One such reform is PJM’s capacity performance proposal. This is a positive step and truly recognizing the role of baseload generation with firm fuel, the grid stability and reliability. As Leila will explain, work on this proposal is continuing, but our belief is that this could have a very positive effect on the company and the grid. The future role of demand response also continues to be in play in PJM. The full panel of the DC Circuit recently declined to rehear the ruling that FERC does not have jurisdiction to regulate demand response in wholesale markets. As I'm sure you all know, FERC has signaled its intent to appeal that ruling to the United States Supreme Court. Again, Leila will discuss the demand response issue. However, a favorable resolution of this issue will be positive to the company, the markets and the grid. The increase focus around market reform issues seems to signify the start of a meaningful shift in the competitive business environment after years of very challenging conditions. We remained optimistic that this is only the beginning and we will continue to advocate for a workable solution that can ensure adequate revenues, revenues for operators of baseload generation, while also recognizing that fuel diversity and maintaining the right mix of assets are essential to reliability of our region's electric system. Turning now to other developments across our company, starting with generation. Last week, we reached an agreement in principle to purchase the remaining lesser equity interest in the nuclear sale leaseback of Perry Unit 1 representing approximately 55 megawatts. Consistent with our strategy to take these future obligations off the table, upon the completion of this purchase, we will have either purchased or have binding agreements for the purchase of all the ownership interest in connection with the nuclear sale leasebacks at Perry and Beaver Valley. In August, we told you that we decided to minimize capital expenditures at our 2,400 megawatt Bruce Mansfield plant, while we evaluate the strength of competitive markets. Although, the results from the September 2016, 2017 incremental auction were stronger, Mansfield did not clear. While we continued to operate and maintain the plant, we will consider the impact of the market reforms currently being considered, as well as the results of the May 2015 PJM auction for the 2018, ’19 period in our decision about the timing of the dewatering facility. That is required to continue the plants operation after December 31, 2016. As we look towards colder weather, we believe our baseload coal-fired and nuclear units are well prepared to meet the demands of this winter. These units have on-site fuel supplies that are not generally affected by extreme weather. And thus play a critical role in providing reliable and affordable electricity to the grid year-round. During the summer and fall months, we also performed a series of maintenance activities to prepare our baseload generating stations to meet the demands of the winter. We have set up heating elements that provide additional warmth to piping, added antifreeze to some equipment, installed storm barriers to protect from winter weather, provided temporary heaters in areas most susceptible to cold and increase fuel supplies at our coal-fired facilities. In addition, we will stay in close contact with PJM throughout the winter to avoid scheduling plant maintenance during periods of expected high electricity use. This work should help prepare our fleet for potential demand spikes this winter. Leila will provide an update on other initiatives within our competitive energy services segment, as well as introduce 2016 adjusted EBITDA guidance for the business later in the call. With respect to our distribution business, we are very engaged on the regulatory front. We just reached the settlement in our West Virginia rate case and have several other active rate filings as well as all our fourth ESP in Ohio, all of which are moving through the regulatory process. We expect outcomes in all of these cases by May of next year. As these proceedings are completed, we will be able to provide much more transparency with respect to our expectations in the distribution business and the timely recovery of our investments going forward. In our transmission business, we continue to make excellent progress with our Energizing the Future initiative which Chuck will describe in more detail. We also filed with FERC last week to change the structure of ATSI’s formula rate. The proposed change requests moving from an historic test year to a forward-looking test year, which will provide a better match of our cost as we continue our investments in this initiative. This morning, we reported third quarter operating earnings of $0.89 per share, in line with our expectations. We also reaffirmed our 2014 operating earnings guidance range of $2.40 and $2.60 per share. Jim will provide more detail on that guidance as the mix of operating earnings among our reporting segments has changed slightly. At EEI conference next week, we plan to share more detailed information about the 2015 drivers in our regulated businesses and better frame future opportunities in our transmission business. Looking ahead, we will provide additional updates as we begin to get more clarity around other external drivers, such as ATSI filing and any further developments in the competitive markets than once we begin to receive result from a rate cases likely in the springtime frame. We’ll be able to provide not only full 2015 guidance but significantly more detail and greater clarity into the financial and operational expectations across the company. It has been a busy and productive period and we are on track with a solid plan to build and strengthen our company. We have put into play critical elements that are needed to provide long-term value and stable predictable growth. We remain committed to driving change, both within the company and in our industry to better position FirstEnergy for the future. Thank you for your support. And I’ll turn the call over to Chuck Jones for an update on our regulated businesses. Chuck.
Chuck Jones: Thanks, Tony. I'm pleased to join the call today. I'll start with a brief look at our distribution business and then move to an update on our Energizing the Future transmission expansion program. We remain encouraged by the steady growth and stable load in the commercial and industrial sectors of our distribution business, both of which continue to benefit from the modest economic recovery and increased economic investment primarily related to shale gas. While weather was significantly mild compared to the third quarter of 2013, our distribution business continued to produce solid results. More important, as you have heard over the past several earnings calls, the overall trends for commercial and industrial deliveries remain very solid. In fact, adjusted for weather, we have now seen five consecutive quarters of growth in both the commercial and industrial segments. The industrial pipeline remains promising. Among this region's traditional industrial base, including steel, automotive, electrical equipment and petroleum sectors nearly all of our key customers are expanding and clearly shale related activity remains a bright spot. Signs point to continued and accelerated growth in this sector. In addition to its considerable impact on our distribution business, the shale industry is also driving growth in our transmission segment. Approximately $250 million of the regulated transmission investments we have identified for 2015 at TrAILCo are designed to meet rising electric demand, driven by the shale gas industry across our regulated service territories. This infrastructure, including high-voltage substations and transmission line is coming online to accommodate new shale gas processing facilities pipeline compressor stations and other energy intensive operations in Ohio, Pennsylvania and West Virginia. These midstream projects alone account for 1100 megawatt of anticipated electric load growth in 2015 through 2020. The rapid growth in the shale gas industry is transforming communities and creating new jobs and economic opportunities throughout our service territory. The investments we're making in transmission infrastructure will benefit customers throughout the Marcellus and Utica shale regions by boosting electric service reliability across the system. New electric infrastructure will directly support the build out of the shale gas industry and the resulting economic activity across the region. By upgrading our local power infrastructure, we can help communities attract other energy intensive industries while ensuring the highest levels of service reliability for every electric customer. But the shale industry is just one driver of the $4.2 billion in investment opportunities we are planning from 2014 through 2017 across our transmission footprint. In 2014, we are on track to complete $1.3 billion in investments, expanding 1100 projects this year. This year's initiatives include approximately 100 projects associated with generating plant deactivations, which we have discussed in the past. We continue to make steady progress with projects designed to enhance service reliability for our customers. For example, in Toledo, Ohio, we are constructing a new 48 mile 345,000 volt transmission line using existing transmission towers and building a new substation. This $32 million project which is on track for completion by June of 2015 is designed to enhance service reliability in our Toledo Edison Service area and to accommodate future electric load growth. In our Mon Power service territory, we are on track to complete a large expansion project this year that will support the electric demands of the areas rapidly expanding Marcellus Shale Gas industry, including 280 megawatts of incremental load that is expected to come on line in December. The $50 million project includes installation of the new substation, with state-of-the-art voltage support as well as sectionalizing equipment on an existing 41-mile, 138,000-volt transmission line, will enhanced service reliability for Mon Power customers along the Route 50 corridor in Doddridge, Harrison and Ritchie counties. These are just two examples of the hundreds of projects that are already completed or underway. We expect the transmission business to be our primary growth platform, not only through the previously announced $4.2 billion investments through 2017, but as we continue to implement our “Energizing the Future” initiative for many years thereafter. In fact, only $1.6 billion of the initial $7 billion “Energizing the Future” investments is being undertaken in this period. The vast majority of the current estimate is for RTEP projects related to generating plant shutdowns and to meet the increasing demands within the service area. We will layout additional details regarding future transmission investment opportunities at EEI next week. Thank you. I will now hand the call over to Leila.
Leila Vespoli: Thanks, Chuck and good afternoon, everyone. I'll begin with a brief update on our competitive business and then I will look at the status of our distribution rate cases and other regulatory matters. The transformation of our competitive business is well underway. As we announced in August, we are pursuing the effective hedging of the majority of our generation resources with reduced risk and at the highest margins possible, while leaving a portion of our generation available to capture market opportunities. The actions we have taken put our competitive business in a stable position, from which we can gauge market conditions and participate when and where the opportunities are most promising. Consistent with our strategy, we continue to allow attrition of our MCI and mass market customer base as contract terms expire, as well as weather sensitive LCI loads. Overall, contracts sales volume decreased by 4.5 million megawatt hours, compared to the third quarter 2013. At the same time, we are maintaining targeted sales levels to government aggregation customers in Ohio and participating in POLR auctions where we see value. During the past month, POLR auctions were conducted in both Pennsylvania and Ohio that will ultimately determine retail generation service rates for these small service customers. Both auctions produced results that appear to reflect an increased risk premium, which we believe is associated with volatility and uncertainty in PJM. In Pennsylvania, the auctions were for 12 months and 24 months, residential and commercial products for delivery beginning June 1, 2015. Auction clearing prices for residential products range from between $70.09 to $85.15 per megawatt hour, while clearing prices for commercial products range from between $74.46 to $89.65 per megawatt hour. HPS won nine tranches in that auction. In Ohio, HPS won four tranches in the 10th wholesale auction, which produced an average clearing price of $73.82 per megawatt hours. These results will be blended with previous auctions and one upcoming auction in January 2015, to establish retail generation rates from June 1, 2015 through May 31, 2016. For 2015, our committed sales are about 59-kilowatt hours. After 2016, committed sales are at 33 kilowatt hours, reflecting the currently committed sales growth of LCI, MCI and mass market, as well as the POLR and government aggregation sales. We remain on track to transition to a target portfolio of retail sales in LCI and government aggregation, as well as POLR sales in the range of 10 to 45 kilowatt hours annually. Let’s look now at financial expectations. For 2015, we are reaffirming our adjusted EBITDA guidance range for the Competitive Energy Services segment of $900 million to $1 billion. Given the slight increase in market prices versus mid-July, we are comfortably in the upper end of that range at this time. Last quarter, we told you that we expect our competitive business to be cash flow positive of the period 2015 through 2018 and we continue to support that expectation. This conservative forecast does not take into account the numerous uplift opportunities such as incremental auctions, the removal of demand response and other possible catalysts. We will revise our outlook if needed, as these issues are resolved. Today, we are introducing adjusted EBITDA guidance for 2016 in the range of $850 million to $950 million. The reduction compared to 2015 is driven primarily by seven-month of high capacity prices in 2015 versus five months in 2016, and the amount of generation that clear 2015, ’16 auction versus the ’16, ‘17 auction. The 2016 adjusted EBITDA guidance estimate also includes an additional 500 megawatts of capacity that cleared in the incremental auction for the 2016-17, PJM planning year held in September. That leaves about 2,700 megawatts still available to participate in the July incremental auction for the ’16, ’17 periods. I will note that adjusted EBITDA guidance, we are providing for both 2015 and 2016 does not reflect any of the changes that are being considered in the capacity markets or any estimates of future incremental auctions applicable to those periods. All of which could provide significant uplift, as the value of baseload generation is recognized in the market. We have put together in place a solid strategy to position our competitive business going forward. And I believe we are in a sound position to take advantage of market upsides. Let’s shift now to a review of regulatory development. As Tony mentioned, PJM recently provided in more detail around his capacity performance proposals. Key elements of the proposal include classified supply resources into two groups -- capacity performance resources and base resources. Liming the amount of base capacity resources, that will be procured in the base residual auction, allowing units to satisfy the capacity performance criteria to offer into the RPM auction as the net cost of new entry and imposing significant penalties in the event of non-performance during peak usage periods. We do have some concerns around PJM’s proposals. Last week, as a member of a coalition representing more than 69,000 megawatt of installed capacity in PJM, we advised PJM that three important changes should be made in the capacity performance proposal. First, a multi-year pricing mechanism that limits year-to-year price declines to not more than 5% should be incorporated into the proposal. Second, price cap for the transitional auctions should be increased to the net cost of new entry. And third, the proposed penalty structure should be reformed so that the potential penalties are better balanced with the financial opportunities for participating as a capacity performance unit. We will continue close engagement on PJM’s proposal and will participate fully in the stakeholder and thought proceedings that are unfolding through the end of the year. Another key issue is the proper role of demand response in PJM markets. As Tony mentioned, the DC Circuit recently rejected a request for rehearing ruling that PJM does not have jurisdiction to regulate demand response by means of wholesale energy market rules and tariffs. At FERC’s request, the Court has stayed the enforcement of its order until December 16 of 2014 and then pending FERC’s potential request that the US Supreme Court accept an appeal of the Circuit Court's ruling. In light of possible outcomes from the decision, a PJM white paper recently proposed to move demand response from the supply side to the load side. However, because the proposal still would permit demand response to participate in price formation in the capacity markets, including potentially to set the market clearing price, we believe that the proposal is legally unsupportable. We have communicated our concerns with this approach to PJM and expect to continue this dialogue with PJM and affected stakeholders. Finally, on September 22, 2014, we filed our amended complaint regarding participation of demand response in the May 2014 base residual and obviously more rule develop on our complaint with order 745 proceedings progress. Let’s now move to our assay formula rate filing at FERC. As Tony said, this filing, which was made on October 31st, proposes to change the structure of the ATSI formula rate. The proposed change requests moving from historic test year for transmission rates reflect actual cost from the prior calendar year to a forward-looking test year which would reflect the estimated cost for project expected to be in-service within the current calendar year, with an annual true-up which would allow for real-time recovery of cost. We have requested that new rates be effective on January 1. Turning now to review of state initiative. In Ohio, our fourth ESP called Powering Ohio's Progress, which was filed in August, is before the PUCO. In addition to building on the success of our current ESP, the plan includes the proposed economic stability program, which involved a 15-year purchase power agreement between our Ohio utilities and SEF, which will help ensure the continued operation of more than 3,200 megawatts of vital baseload generation while benefiting our customers by mitigating market volatility and rising retail prices. Hearings are scheduled for January with the decision requested by April 8, 2015. We continue working with customers, employees and officials on the state to advocate for this plan, which we believe is very good for Ohio and for our customers. Let’s turn now to New Jersey where the Board of Public Utilities approved an Administrative Law Judge request for 45-day extension to render an initial decision in our base rate case. The ALJ’s initial decision is expected to be filed by November 13. The BPU also issued a favorable decision in the generic proceeding reviewing its policy regarding the use of a consolidated tax adjustment and base rate cases. The Board stated that it would continue to apply its CTA policy and base rate cases subject to the following modifications proposed by the BPU staff. Calculate savings using a five-year look back from the beginning of the test year, allocate savings with 75% retained by the company and 25% allocated to rate payers and exclude transmission assets of electric distribution companies in the savings calculation. As it relates to our pending rate case, the order provides for the BPU following the initial decision of the ALJ to reopen the record for the limited purpose of adding a CTA calculation reflecting this modified policy. Although we are still reviewing the CTA order, by our interpretation and calculation we expect the CTA revenue adjustment to be reduced from approximately $56 million under the earlier policy to approximately $5 million to $6 million. In Pennsylvania, evidentiary hearings in the base rate proceeding of our four operating companies are scheduled for January 13 through 16, 2015 with the final order expected in May. And finally, in the Mon Power and Potomac Edison rate case yesterday we filed a settlement agreement with the Public Service Commission of West Virginia, which is subject to their approval. The agreement includes a base rate increase of $15 million to help address operating costs at our power stations and our distribution business. It also moves the costs associated with the Harrison asset swap into base rate and eliminates the recovery of those costs through the temporary transaction surcharge. It also includes a vegetation management surcharge of approximately $48 million, recovery of nearly $46 million and cost associated with major storms of 2012 and increased billing assistance for low income customers. Parties to the settlement agreement include the PSC staff, the Consumer Advocate Division, the West Virginia Energy Users Group and Walmart. We're very satisfied with the settlement and believe it will provide us with the resources necessary to help ensure continued safe and reliable electric generation and service for our customers with reasonable returns for our business. Pending approval by the PSC the rate increases would go into effect on February 25, 2015. Thank you for your time. We are pleased with our progress to position the competitive business for future success and to assure a successful regulatory environment for our regulated businesses. Now let’s turn the call over to Jim for a review of our third quarter and year-to-date financial results.
Jim Pearson: Thanks, Leila. As I discuss our financial results, it may be helpful for you to refer to the consolidated report, which was issued this morning and is available on our website. As Tony mentioned earlier, our third quarter operating earnings were $0.89 per sh0are in line with our expectations. Third quarter 2013 operating earnings were $0.94 per share. On a GAAP basis 2014 third quarter earnings were $0.79 per basic share compared to $0.52 per basic share in the third quarter of 2013. A list of the special items that make up the $0.10 difference between our GAAP and operating earnings can be found on page 2 of the consolidated report. Now let’s review the key drivers of operating earnings across each of our business segments. We will begin with our distribution business where we reported third quarter operating earnings of $0.56 per share compared to $0.60 per share in the third quarter of 2013. Moderate weather was the most significant factor this quarter with lower distribution deliveries impacting earnings by $0.03 per share. With respect to the other drivers in the distribution business pension expense, depreciation, and interest expenses all increased slightly in the quarter. However, these factors were offset by earnings related to the Harrison/Pleasants asset transfer and a lower effective income tax rate. Looking more closely at the affects of weather on third quarter results, cooling degree days were 15% below last year and 17% below normal, which led to a 1.5% decrease in total distribution deliveries. Most of this impact can be seen in the residential sales, which decreased 784,000 megawatt hours or about 6% compared to the third quarter of 2013. In the commercial sector, third quarter distribution deliveries to commercial customers decreased by 199,000 megawatt hours or 2% due to the moderate weather. We can get a better picture of the sales trends by looking at the 12-month weather adjusted average for the period ending September 30. Over that time frame residential sales are basically flat compared to the same period a year earlier while commercial sales are up nearly 2%. Finally industrial deliveries, which do not have a strong correlation with weather, increased 3% compared to the third quarter of 2013, driven by continued strength in most of our key industries, including steel, shale, refinery, electric manufacturing and chemical. The industrial sales trend over the 12-month period through September 30th also reflects a 3% increase. As Chuck mentioned, we're very encouraged by the continued strength of the commercial and industrial sectors in our region. And we remain optimistic that we are seeing signs of an authentic turnaround in the economy after the sharp declines that began in 2007 followed by long period of stagnation. Let’s look now at our transmission business. Third quarter operating earnings were $0.13 per share, unchanged from the third quarter of 2013. Drivers in the quarter included higher transmission revenues as a result of the revenue requirement increases associated with ATSIs annual rate filing and higher capitalized financing costs related to our 'Energizing the Future' investment program. These were offset by higher vegetation management expenses and increased interest expense. In our competitive business, third quarter operating earnings were $0.25 per share, compared to $0.24 per share in the third quarter 2013. Operating earnings benefited from lower operating and maintenance costs, a lower effective income tax rate partially offset by lower commodity margin and lower capitalized financing cost. Commodity margin decreased operating earnings by $0.04 per share due primarily to lower contract sales volume and higher capacity expense partially offset by higher PJM capacity revenues. Additionally, while higher capacity rates resulted in higher contract sales prices, overall unit prices had a negative impact compared to the third quarter of 2013. As we mentioned in the past, this can be traced back to the significant decline in market power prices that began in the fourth quarter of 2011, when we held a larger open position for 2014 relative to 2013. Consistent with our strategy to reposition our sales portfolio, our overall retail customer account is now approximately 2.3 million, a decrease of about 400,000 compared to the third quarter of 2013. At the same time, total channel sales decreased 4.5 million megawatt hours or 16%. This decline is intentional, as we focus on effectively hedging our generation and eliminating weather sensitive low. Sales to governmental aggregation customers decreased 14% due to lower sales and eliminate an Ohio driven by pure customers and lower usage due to milder whether. Total generating output at our ongoing units increased 802,000 megawatt hours driven by fewer outrages at both our super critical coal units and nuclear fleet compared to third quarter of 2013. A strong generating output along with lower contract and wholesale sales resulted significantly lower purchase power costs. Commodity margin also benefited from higher capacity revenues and lower MISO and PJM transmission costs, while higher net financial sales and purchases, which are used to hedge our exposure to market pricing congestion volatility reduced market. The lower commodity margin was more than offset by a decrease in O&M resulting from lower retail and marketing-related expenses and decreased plant costs. Finally, I'd like to review the benefits we're seeing this year related to the effective tax rate. On a consolidated basis the effective tax rate for the third quarter was 32.1% compared to 34.1% in the same period of 2013, resulting in an increase in consolidated earnings of $0.02 per share. The 2014 effective tax rate benefited from an IRS-approved adjustment that increased the tax bases in certain assets allowing for increased tax deductions. This was partially offset by higher tax valuation allowances. On a year-to-date basis consolidated effective tax rate is 32.4% compared to 36.2% for the same period in 2013. We continue to focus on managing our tax obligations through various federal and state planning initiatives and currently estimate our effective tax rate to be 30% to 31% for the year, primarily reflecting additional benefits in the fourth quarter resulting from the resolution of a state tax position. Our 2013 effective tax rate was 36.2% and we anticipate our tax rate going forward to be between 36% to 38%. Before we move on to review of financing activity, I'd like to take a moment to review our 2014 operating earnings guidance. As Tony mentioned earlier, we are reaffirming the range of $2.40 to $2.60 per share and at the same time making adjustments among the segments. I’ll walk you through these changes which are outlined on slide 154, the fact book that was posted to our website today. First; in our distribution business, the impact of mild temperatures lower than the forecasted residential usage and increased non-deferred storm expenses bring that segment’s operating earnings to a new midpoint of a $1.93 per share for the year. We also see improvement in our competitive business from lower operating costs bringing the midpoint up $0.03 to $0.20 per share, an improvement in our corporate segment, reflecting the favorable tax rate increases the midpoint $0.05 to a negative $0.17 per share and regulated transmission remains unchanged with the midpoint of $0.54 per share. Finally, we continue to fund our transmission expansion program during the quarter through the issuance of $400 million of 30-year senior notes at ATSI in September. Also during the quarter, we re-marketed $241 million of pollution control revenue bonds at FirstEnergy generation and First Energy nuclear generation. We remain pleased with the strong overall performance of our transmission and distribution businesses during the third quarter and first nine months of the year. We have a solid plan in place across our company to drive results and we're committing to creating value for investors. Now I'll open the call to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) Our first question is from Dan Eggers of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse:  Hey. Good afternoon guys.
Tony Alexander:  Hello Dan.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse: Hey. There was huge matter of information. Thank you for all that. I guess, looking at the PPA or the ESP process in Ohio, something that’s come up and raised is the idea of the off-market transaction for 15 years in those assets. Can you just kind of walk through, maybe a little more of the legal justification for beyond the obvious benefits to Ohio customers or the visibility?
Leila Vespoli: Hi, Dan. This is Leila. So obviously and proposing this, my legal team was very mindful of the legal precedence that was out there. I think from a policy perspective, we put forward a very wonderful case that we address that and then, I will go into more of the legal specifics. If you think about these plans, especially Ohio plans build and service Ohio customers, Ohio jobs, Ohio tax saves . So from a standpoint of, whether this is something that is beneficial certainly from an economic standpoint is very beneficial. Having this generation, as we justified on our filing also, over the 15-year period would provide essentially $2 million worth of benefits to customer, so acting like an insurance policy. From a legal perspective, if you think about the aggregate rule, Ohio is a competitive state. So we do not have captive customers. So FERC has waived the rule, it applied to us. Also, we were very mindful of two of the other cases up there, being the -- hit the (indiscernible) case and the Hanna case. And have put in place mechanisms within the case, so that we do not run or fall of the particular things in those cases that triggered FERC’s finding that they were legally informed. So, offline, we can go into the details. But, again, the legal team is very mindful of that in the structure of the PPA proposal and what the commission can and can’t do and the terms and conditions actually associated with the PPA.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse: Okay. And I guess on the West Virginia settlement, the element that I haven’t gone through all of it, given the earnings day today. But the Harrison plant probating contributed as much or any on this that we’d expected on the first transfer. Would this settlement help get the full value of that rate base uplift into earnings going forward?
Leila Vespoli: So, essentially, what this case did, so let me back up for a second so. In the Harrison transaction, we stipulated that case. In that agreement, we agreed to file this base rate case and so this is the case where we basically flipped what would have been surcharged into base rate. So, essentially, all we did is take what we’ve covered in that revenue stream and flip it to base rate treatment. And then on top of that, the stipulation provides for an additional $15 million increase. And in addition to that, roughly $48 million of our vegetation management surcharged, which should help with our distribution and reliability which is good in West Virginia but should help enhance that as we go forward. The stipulation also provides for establishment of regulatory assets associated with mass investments in 2016 and ’17, and other different provisions from the company's perspective, which we believe is very good. Again, this is a case that we filed as a result of a stipulation and I think -- prior stipulation and I think from a company standpoint, our customers’ standpoint is a very good result.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse: Okay. And just one last question just on the quarter. With this lower demand with the weather and all that, how much benefit did you guys see out of the retail business despite reduced volatilities, is that kind of what helped on some of the earnings gap this quarter?
Donny Schneider:  Dan, this is Donny. In the main, what we saw obviously, there wasn’t a volatility issue that we faced in the first quarter. But we took advantage of a lot of the O&M savings. We’ve reduced the workforce and that sort of things, so that's really what flowed through for us in the quarter.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse: Okay. Thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Paul Fremont of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Thank you very much. I guess my first question is, if I look at capacity performance and the potential hatter, how should we think of that relative to your PPA proposal in Ohio? Would you potentially rethink the offer in Ohio?
Leila Vespoli: Hi Paul. This is Leila. So we made our filing and we are going to go full with our filing. I think, having the potential for capacity performance proposal by PJM and if it gets eventually approved by FERC, will be even a more enhancement for Ohio customers. But we would not withdraw our ESP commitment. I think overall the proposal by PJM is a positive development. But as I noted, I think there are ways that it could be improved. I think that they should consider with performance persistent pricing mechanism. If you think about it in terms of the generation, the need for revenue and kind of the longer-term horizon, if it were to have a mechanism whereby year-to-year, the downside were kept by 5% generators, where we could get a better sense of what the capacitive pricing might be from year-to-year that would definitely be a positive development. In the transitional years, we think it should be uncapped up to net cone, given that the markets, I think everybody’s account have not produced the revenues that most agreed that they should have. We think that that would be a more appropriate place getting revenue to generators, so they can make the investment in their plans to increase reliability and a better balancing of the penalty structure. I think PJM approved upon it but we still think the penalty structure is a little bit more draconian than it should be at this point in time.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: And when, Jim when you ran through corporate another, I guess corporate another is already benefiting this year from tax, from lower tax what should we think of -- in terms of corporate and other as sort of a better indication for a run rate?
Jim Pearson: Okay, Paul. I’d said earlier our effective tax rate would be anywhere between 30% to 31% this year and its going to most likely move back up to the 36% to 38% of our range next year. So that that would be probably about $0.25 a share, Paul, and most of that flows through corporate another.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: So a $0.25 per share increase off of the 17, right?
Jim Pearson: That’s correct. No, not all of that will go to corporate but most of that would.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Okay. And in terms of the nuclear leases. The last nuclear leases if I recall you bought them in the range of like $1500 per KW. Can you -- what type of a price did you pay for the most recent lease purchases?
Jim Pearson: We haven’t disclosed that yet Paul. The transaction hasn’t completed yet. I can say I would say both parties are very comfortable with the price we paid. So that’s something we are ready to disclose at this point.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: And the last question in West Virginia, was it a black box settlement or was there some agree to level of ROA?
Leila Vespoli: So the parties agreed to the $15 million increase in the other terms. The commission actually asked that we -- in our filing how we got to that. So you will see us part of the settlement. If you go to the exhibits, each of the parties will lay out how it got there. The company has not laid out the ROE associated with it. But there is an ROR number.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Yeah. Good morning. Sorry, good afternoon guys.
Tony Alexander: Hi. Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Hi. Just a quick question on as we look at these adjusted EBITDA outlooks for the competitive business, am I right that this is a delta between the commodity margin and the EBITDA number is mainly O&M consistent -- and probably general taxes consistent with the earnings statement?
Chuck Jones: That will be correct Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So I guess my question is when you look at the 15 to 16 numbers the implied expense number goes down about $100 million between 15 and 16. And if you look at the run rate on 14, its down quite a bit more than that 15 or 14. So can you just talk about how we think the components that bridges that as those numbers just seem quite big?
Donny Schneider: Jonathan, this is Donny. Yeah I think if you take a look at the EBITDA from 15, if you’re trying do come up a walk from 15 to 16. In ’15, we’ve got a midpoint of $950 million. And then if you look at what the capacity revenue does from ‘15 to ‘16, it comes down about $225 million…
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Yeah but…
Donny Schneider: And then we have improved margins about a dollar megawatt hour so that’s a positive about $80 million. And then other O&M and cost reductions, that’s about $100 million, gets you right to about $900 million for midpoint.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Okay. That was already my question, is there a $100 million of O&M saving embedded in that forecast, it sounds like the answers is yes.
Donny Schneider: Yes. That’s throughout and we have one last nuclear outage in the ‘16 timeframe and that especially helps.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Can you also bridge so that we’re in a $1.5 billion of non-GAAP O&M in a year-to-date through September and it’s been running about $400 million at least last quarter. So how does it got from that number down to the $1.250 billion or so implied in the ‘15 guidance? What are the big drivers there? I’m looking at the delta between… 
Jim Pearson: Jon, it’s one or two have high rates, take it get back because there’s probably a lot of components to make that up, so I shall get back to you after the call.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Happy to do that.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley: Good afternoon.
Leila Vespoli: Hello.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley: I wanted to explore the capacity performance penalty side of the equation and Leila, you touch briefly on it. Just curious if the ultimate roll ends up quite similar to the proposed penalty rule that PJM has laid out. Would that as you assess kind of the risk reward of your fleet? Do you think that would likely lead you to think about some degree of asset shutdowns, not at all or how do you generally think about that the risk of penalties?
Leila Vespoli: So the penalty structure again, I think was mitigated from their prior proposal. But you can’t look at it in isolation, you have to look at the other moving pieces in parts. Right now, the coalition noted in their comments that right now if you had a single 12-hour too bleak, it could cause you to lose the equivalent of 71 days of revenue. So there are both kind of things you need to look at and have a trade-off. If the pricing mechanism will raise in that color and you’re able to recover that level. You might be able to think a little more positively about that kind of penalty. So again, there are a lot of moving pieces in parts and I wouldn’t look at the penalty just in isolation.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Understood. And then just thinking also about carbon regulation and how the different states might look at that, I was particularly interested in Pennsylvania and Ohio, is it your sense that there is some probability to those states who think about joining the regional carbon mechanism such as regi, do you think the states are more likely to resist the proposed regulations? What’s your general sense of those two states and how they are thinking about carbon?
Tony Alexander: Stephen, this is Tony. I think at this point it’s a little too early to tell. I still think that each states evaluating and trying to understanding and comprehend the proposed rule and as well as trying to figure out whether or not the alternatives to them moving from to a mass kind of calculation would be easier for them to manage. So, I think, at this point, everybody is trying to understand what’s going on, not clear where they are going to end up yet. And my senses is that until we better understand how this rules going to be applied in the options, it will be hard for any one of the states to otherwise indicate exactly which way they are intending to go.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley: That’s helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Angie Storozynski of Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital: Thank you very much. I have two questions. One is, so I’m clear in the guidance of 2016 the generation capacity that didn’t fear in either the original or incremental auction is assumed not to receive any capacity revenues?
Tony Alexander: That’s correct, Angie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital: Okay. And then second, I hope I misheard that one is, okay. So there is a change in the effective tax rate between ‘14 and ’15, and what is the $0.25 of a swing? Is -- are you suggesting that the parent level drag increases from $0.17 to like $0.40? Jim?
Jim Pearson: Yes. That’s right, Angie. That will be the range.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital: Okay. But why is -- I mean, what was then the effective tax rate in ’13 when we have about $0.27 or $0.26 drag?
Jim Pearson: I think the effective tax rate in ’13 was about 36%.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital: Okay. So it’s a same type of rate that you’re guiding for ’15 and beyond. So why such a big delta?
Jim Pearson: We have some additional debt outstanding and we have some of that debt had variable rates, so those rates could increase on that also Angie. So it’s primarily associated with additional interest costs.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Steve Staub: Operator, we’ll take one more call.
Operator: Certainly, the next question is from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good afternoon. Can you hear me?
Tony Alexander: Yes, Paul. How are you?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: All right. There is some -- on slide 161 of the investor handbook. There is a large pension and OPEB cash flow item of $750 million to $550 million. And I was wondering that wasn’t their last time and I’m wondering what’s the driver in that and why is there a cash benefit associated with that?
Jim Pearson: Paul, this is Jim. What that slides referring to is that we looked at the discount rate at the end of the third quarter, which we traditionally do and we say what would be change to our GAAP earnings be, if that discount rate remain in effect till December 31. So what that’s representing is a discount rate that goes from 5% down to a range of either 4.25% to 4.5%. That also takes into account a change in the mortality tables where the liability increases by 4%. So that’s not a cash flow benefit, its just a change in the liability of our pension plan that we would have to report the impact to GAAP if the discount rates stays where it is today.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. So, I mean, so in the sense, reconciliation of net income GAAP to FFO, this is a non-cash reversal.
Jim Pearson: That’s correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So, I guess, okay. I’ll have to follow up offline, I guess. And the deferred taxes in ITC that went down by about $190 million, anything in particular there?
Jon Taylor: This is Jon. This is primarily just utilization of some of our NOLs that are making up the difference. So that’s primarily the largest driver.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I mean, just two back on the CES EBITDA, there seems to be an other income decrease on slide 136 and I’m just wondering, what’s the driver there in 2016?
Jon Taylor: That’s primarily lower earnings from some of the investments we have. We have an equity interest in a couple of different investments and we’re seeing lower earnings in that period, so that’s going to drive that down.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Thanks so much, guys.
Jim Pearson: Okay. Thanks everybody. Thanks for joining us today. If you didn’t have a chance to ask your questions, please contact our IR Department. We look forward to seeing many of you next week at the Annual EEI Financial Conference in Dallas. As you heard today, we’re making solid progress on the initiatives that the designed to deliver predictable and sustainable growth at our regulated distribution and transmission businesses. And you will hear more at EEI of our future transmission investment opportunity. In our competitive business, we’re implementing a sound strategy to reduce risk, while positioning the business for the future. At the same time, we continue to strongly advocate for market reforms that can better support much needed price stability and service reliability and we’re pleased to see growing momentum in support of these changes. We’re building a foundation for long-term value and growth for our investors and we appreciate your continued support. Thanks and look forward to seeing you in Dallas.
Tony Alexander: Thanks everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-05 13:00:00) =====
Executives:  Meghan Beringer – Director, IR Anthony Alexander – President and CEO Leila Vespoli – EVP, Markets, and Chief Legal Officer James Pearson – SVP and CFO
Analysts:  Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank Donald Schneider – President, FirstEnergy Solutions Paul Fremont – Jefferies Hugh Wynne – Sanford C. Bernstein & Company Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates LLC Greg Orrill – Barclays Capital 
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. Second Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Meghan Beringer, Director of Investor Relations.
Meghan Beringer: Thank you, Roya, and good afternoon. Welcome to FirstEnergy’s second quarter earnings call. First, please be reminded that during this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp. are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated report to the financial community, which was released earlier today and is also available on our website under the Earnings Information link. Today, we will be referring to operating earnings, operating earnings per share, operating earnings per share by segment and EBITDA which are non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are contained in the consolidated report, as well as on the investor information section on our website at www.firstenergycorp.com/ir. We also posted an updated backlog to our website earlier today. Participating in today’s call are Tony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President, Markets and Chief Legal Officer; Jim Pearson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Donny Schneider, President of FirstEnergy Solutions; Jon Taylor, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Steve Staub, Vice President and Treasurer; and Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations. Now I will turn the call over to Tony Alexander.
Anthony Alexander: Thanks, Meghan. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Since our last earnings call, we have made significant progress on the plans we have outlined to execute a regulated growth strategy, implement additional cost reductions and further reduce risk in our competitive business. We have several positive developments to discuss today, including the two rate filings in our distribution business that were announced yesterday and a shift in our competitive sales strategy as well as progress report on the transmission growth initiatives that are well underway. We have a lot of ground to cover today, so let’s get started. I’ll begin by taking a few minutes to discuss key developments in our transmission business. As you know, our energizing the Future transmission expansion program is designed to modernize our grid, reinforce the current system in light of expected plant deactivations and handle load growth primarily related to shale gas development. This year alone, we are on course to complete $1.3 billion in investments, spanning more than 1,300 projects. These include replacing equipment with advanced technology, reinforcing substation facilities with advanced surveillance and security technologies and rebuilding 234 miles of transmission line. In addition to these projects, we are on track to build a new 138 kV substation near Clarksburg, West Virginia and an 18-mile connecting project to support load growth in that area. We have also completed more than one-third of the nearly 100 projects associated with plant deactivations. These include the Eastlake 4 and 5 synchronous condensers, a new 345 kV to 138 kV substation and a 59-mile 345 line in Northwest Ohio. Currently, we have nearly 1,500 workers engaged to support the engineering, procurement and construction of these Energizing the Future initiatives. Our management processors are in place to sustain the growth targets we’ve previously identified as well as our current in plan construction efforts. On the distribution side of the business, while Leila will fill in the details, we filed applications for all of our Pennsylvania utilities, seeking an increase in annual revenues of approximately $416 million. This increase would place our average rates for distribution service in Pennsylvania about on par with the average rates charged by other major Pennsylvania utilities. We also filed a new electric security plan for our Ohio utilities, which we’re calling Powering Ohio’s Progress. The filing proposes the continuation of many of the terms of the current ESP but also includes an economic stability program that will help protect customers from retail volatility and price increases that result from rising energy and capacity prices in future years. This program would also help ensure the continued investment in and operation of significant base load assets located primarily in Ohio. These plants provide fuel diversity as well as substantial employment, tax and economic benefits. We now have pending applications in New Jersey, West Virginia, Pennsylvania and Ohio which is consistent with our focus on regulated operations and should better position these companies to address the ongoing challenges of upgrading, modernizing and maintaining adequate and reliable electric service. Let’s move to a discussion about competitive markets which we believe are clearly in transition and how we are proactively responding by adapting our operations to create value. While we have experienced a relatively stable and predictable wholesale market for the past several years, we believe that a fundamental change in markets is underway as available generation is being reduced due to environmental rules and competitive market to rely more heavily on natural gas and other less reliable resources. We saw the first evidence of this last year during hotter weather in September at the beginning of the plant outage season. Then this past winter’s polar vortex highlighted again the issues the markets will likely face as a fleet of assets to provide a central electric service is fundamentally changed. And when you couple those changes with a market construct that is eroding the price stability necessary to offer retail customers predictable prices, the risk associated with serving retail loads will rise. As a result, we are taking action to better position the company’s competitive operations and generation fleet going forward. This is consistent with our expectations that wholesale energy prices generally will be more volatile and the current forwards do not fully reflect the change in market fundamentals. While Leila will describe our competitive strategy in more detail, key accents include reducing our exposure to weather sensitive retail loads and maintaining a more open position to take advantage of market upsides and to provide our own reserve margins since the wholesale markets can no longer be relied upon to assure reasonable pricing. We are in a good position to do this since our current retail book naturally opens as contracts expire and is also aligned with the reduction in available capacity as a result of environmental shutdowns. More specifically, we intend to exit the medium commercial and industrial or MCI and mass market retail channels as existing contracts expire, but we will continue to serve strategic large industrial and commercial customers as well as our governmental aggregation in polar channels as appropriate. Our generation in hedging strategy including maintaining an open position of 10 to 20 terawatt hours annually is focused on reducing overall risk in our competitive operations while maximizing margins, EBITDA and creating value. With respect to our generating assets, we have an exceptional fleet with the size and scope that provides flexibility to adapt to current and expected market conditions and environmental mandates. I’ll take a few minutes now to discuss these issues and opportunities within our fleet. With regard to the EPA’s proposal issued in June, the regulating CO2 emissions from existing electric generating units, we continue to analyze and review the proposal with particular interest in the treatment of nuclear units. The current proposal allows only 6% of existing nuclear generation to counter towards the reduction targets. However, I can assure you that each EPA will be receiving significant comments on this point. We will continue to monitor new details that emerge as the regulatory process evolves particularly with regard to how our state regulators design their implementation plan. At this point, it’s too soon to say what if any changes would be required at our coal fire plants. However, we are already on track to achieve a 25% reduction below 2005 levels and CO2 emission by 2015 as a result of plant retirements and investments in plant efficiencies we’ve already made. So how these rules ultimately are implemented and whether they are focused on CO2 emissions or driving other aspects of energy policy or largely determine what if anything we will need to do. With respect to other environmental mandates, we have negotiated with PJM to continue operating Eastlake units one through three and Lake Shore 18 following the expiration of reliability-must-run or RMR agreements in September. We will now be in a position to operate these units until April 15, 2015 when the Mercury and Air Toxic Standards rule impose a stringent emission reductions. During the post RMR period, these units will be operated based on market conditions and we will be responsible for all costs and receive all revenues. Having these units available through the winter should help to provide an additional hedge against extreme weather events next year. We have also taken yet another look at how we can reduce our cost for mass compliance. Through our performance testing, equipment assessment and inspections, we have identified several additional opportunities for cost control and we now expect our total spend for mass compliance to be approximately $370 million which is down from our most recent estimate of $465 million. The spending is about evenly split between competitive and regulated units. Turning to other generate matters, the PJM capacity auction for 2017 and 2018 which was held in May produced stronger results than last year. However, the prices were still not where they need to be to sufficiently support the type of generation resources needed to assure a reliable and diverse supply or essential electric service. More specifically as to our company, our 2,400 megawatt, Bruce Mansfield plant, which is the largest super critical base load coal fire plant in Pennsylvania is fully equipped with scrubbers, SCRs and cooling towers and is critical to providing reliable electric service in ATSI, did not clear in the most recent auction and only partially cleared in last year’s auction. As a result, while we will continue to operate and maintain the Mansfield plant, we have decided to minimize capital expenditures at this site until we get the results from the incremental auction in September of this year and perhaps until after the PJM auction in 2015 or the 2018-2019 period. It would take approximately two years to complete the new water treatment upgrades that are necessary for continued operation after the little blue run coal [ph] facility closures on December 31, 2016. If market conditions are unfavorable, we are prepared to delay these projects, pushing out the timing of the capital expenditures and possibly impacting the nature and timing of the outage. We will continue to provide updates on Mansfield. However, at this point, our current assumptions include the cost associated with the incremental upgrades in the 2015 to 2017 period of approximately $200 million. If the project is delayed, these costs will move to later periods. And I’d note that we do not anticipate a material impact on EBITDA as a result of these potential actions. Finally, at Beaver Valley, we are moving the unit two reactor head and steam generator replacement outage to 2020 from 2017. This change, which will not impact the safe operation of the plant, is possible given the condition of the facility. Our actions with respect to MATS spending and delaying capital spending at Beaver Valley are a continuation of our cost control measures. The total capital savings from the MATS spending reduction, the deferral at Beaver Valley and other fleet-wide capital reductions is approximately $425 million over the next several years. We believe these actions will not only put us in a position to be cash flow positive at our competitive business during the 2015 to 2018 periods, but also put our competitive business in a much stronger position to face current market conditions. This morning, we reaffirmed our full year 2014 operating earnings guidance of $2.40 to $2.60 per share reflecting our expectations for the remainder of the year. We also provided incremental disclosures for our competitive operations in our fact book including the amount of capacity clearing in the annual PJM auctions as well as other details to support your efforts to model this part of our business. We anticipate that this additional transparency will support proper valuation of our competitive operations going forward. Finally, on the topic of proper valuations, we recognize that the market is assigning a discount that is likely due to a number of factors, some of which are within our control and some not. As we begin to get more clarity on external drivers, such as the ongoing REIT case in New Jersey for example and communicate our strategy as we transform the company, we anticipate this will provide better visibility into our growth prospects for the future particularly those related to our regulated utility and transmission operations. Thank you for your support. And I’ll turn the call over to Leila.
Leila Vespoli: Thanks, Tony and good afternoon everyone. Let’s start with a deeper dive into our competitive generation strategy. The strategy we are laying out today is straightforward. We will pursue the effective hedging of the majority of our generation resources with reduced risk, at the highest possible margins possible while leaving a portion of generation available to capture market opportunities. We have already taken action to mitigate risks and create length in our portfolio by purchasing additional power and auctions during peak period as well as by buying outage insurance this summer, all of which we spoke about at our last earnings call. Since then, we have allowed some attrition or our customer base and returned selected customers to polar service. Going forward, we intend to serve all existing customers through their contract term. But as Tony outlined, we will eliminate our selling and renewal efforts in MCI and mass market channel and to certain LCI customers. We plan to maintain our sales efforts and government aggregation primarily in Ohio through a polar load and focus on selective, strategic sales to LCI customers. Looking at each of those channels, we intend to continue sales to government aggregation communities primarily when contract prices move with the market at the percent of the price to compare. These sales also have relatively low acquisition cost and margins are generally attractive. With the polar channel, we have virtually no acquisition cost. We have the flexibility to make decisions at the time of each of auction as to the value of the loan. We also plan to continue selling to strategic large commercial and industrial customers where we have a significant relationship or where the customer had a very high load factor that is not weather sensitive. Basically, these customers represent a wholesale type load, but include a modest retail margin. This menu of auctions provides us with considerable flexibility as we look to establish our hedging strategy. And we are in a strong position given the hedges we already have in place for both 2015 and 2016 with about 54 terawatt hours and 28 terawatt hours committed respectively. These include our currently committed direct LCI, MCI and mass market sales book which tapers off through 2018, but with a significant drop staring in mid 2015. As well as the polar and government aggregation sales, a portion of which extends for 2019. We expect that our level of sales to large commercial and industrial customers, polar and government aggregation would sell in at about 10 to 45 terawatt hours annually. Given our current committed, we expect to be in that range beginning in June 2015 and for the subsequent 12 month-period. In additions, we expect to use hotel sales to hedge our generation and potentially utility purchase power agreement. We view all these auctions as a hedging tool chest with considerable flexibility to adjust as market conditions dictate. The charges associated with our decision to exit certain channels were $0.07 per share in the second quarter with an expected ongoing savings of about $90 million annually. Going forward, we may cover a portion of our sales commitment with purchased powers in various amounts based on the season, fleet operational plan and other considerations and amounts to be determined as appropriate. But we expect purchased power to be minimal going forward. Our competitive generation fleet can generally produce between 75 and 80 terawatt hours per year with up to 5 terawatt hours of additional generation available from wind, solar and our OVEC entitlement. Our updated EBITDA estimate for 2015 is in the range of $900 million to $1 billion and assumes a market forward power prices of just under $40 a megawatt hour as of mid-July. In our fact lore [ph] which is available on our website, you will see that we have slipped our close and open position which will enable updating the open position on a mark-to-market basis going forward each quarter. In addition, we are also providing sensitivities with $1 a megawatt hour change in market prices changing 2015 EBITDA at roughly $28 million. I’d also like to note that we expect to provide at least 2016 EBITDA guidance at the annual EEI conference in order to provide longer-term transparency with respect to our competitive operations. As we transform our competitive operations, we will focus on leveraging market opportunities as they present themselves with a diligent focus on risk management. As you can see, our FES team has done a great deal of work over the past quarter to reevaluate sales target and identity opportunities for cost control so that we can best position of our competitive business going forward. At the same time, our regulatory team has also had a productive quarter. And I’ll switch gears now to provide an update on current regulatory issue and the filings we made yesterday. Our Ohio ESP filing will provide electric service to our utility customers for a three-year term from June 1, 2016 through May 31, 2019. We have named this plan, Powering Ohio’s Progress, as it provides numerous benefits that support reliable electric service, uplift our customers from volatility and retail price increases and encourages growth and development of the State’s economy. A highlight of the plan is the Economic Stability Program which provides for rider to cover the cost associated with the proposed purchase power agreement between the Ohio utilities and FirstEnergy solutions. The proposed PPA would dedicate the output of Davis-Besse, SAMA and a portion of OVEC for approximately 3,200 megawatt or an average of approximately 23 terawatt hours annually beginning in June 2016 and running through May 2031. As designed, the utilities would sell this power into the market and net any revenues associated with these plants against cost, thereby serving as a type of rate stabilization mechanism protecting against volatility and retail price increases. Importantly, the Economic Stability Program will not impact the Ohio utilities competitive bid process and retail customers will still be able to choose an alternative retail supplier for power supply. Under Powering Ohio’s Progress, base distribution rates would remain frozen throughout the term. A typical residential customer using 750 kilowatt hours of electricity per month could expect to pay an average of $3.50 more per month during the first full year of the Economic Stability Program. But as I’ve described, customers would receive a credit on their electric bill if market revenues exceed costs as projected over time. The current ESP is widely considered a success in terms of its ability to produce competitively priced electricity for customers to remain with our utilities for generation focus [ph] as well as to create a level playing field among suppliers competing to serve retail customers to choose a shaft. It was broadly supported by diverse groups representing various customers and other interested parties. Powering Ohio’s Progress builds on that successful platform. It will not change the amount of power procured through the auction progress or otherwise detract from the competitive retail markets in our region. Our Ohio utilities would continue to utilize competitively bid auctions to procure generation supply for our customers who don’t choose an alternative retail supplier. In addition, Powering Ohio’s Progress delivers significant benefits to the State of Ohio by retaining local jobs, protecting local tax revenue and promoting economic development. It benefits Ohio utility customers through the safeguards from volatility and potential retail price increases. And it benefits FES by providing a top base source of revenue for approximately 25% of its generation output. We have requested the decision respecting our plan by April 8, 2015, which we believe is adequate time for all interested parties to evaluate the proposal. This timeline also fits with our competitive generation hedging strategy and then it provides adequate time to redirect these megawatt hours to other available hedging opportunities should Ohio decline this opportunity. And provides adequate time for the polar auction for supplies starting June 1, 2016. In Pennsylvania, our four operating companies are seeking to increase base rates to ensure continued service reliability improvement for the 2 million customers they serve. Our Pennsylvania utilities have maintained stable rates for many years through strict cost control measures and careful planning. The last base distribution rate increase for all four companies was more than 20 years ago. If the proposed rate plans are adapted, customers will benefit directly through continued service reliability enhancement to the local distribution networks that deliver electricity to homes and businesses in our community. These enhancements build on our Energizing the Future transmission initiative which includes support for smart technologies and can help reduce frequency and duration of power outages. The filing request approval to increase operating revenues by approximately $152 million at Met-Ed, $120 million at Penelec, $28 million at Penn Power and $116 at West Penn Power based upon fully projected test years for the 12-month ended April 30, 2015. As a result, rate case request would increase average monthly customer bills by approximately 11.5% at Met-Ed, 8.6% at Penelec, 8.7% at Penn Power and 8.4% at West Penn Power, which in all cases is substantially below the rate of inflation since the last case for each company. We expect a decision with the Pennsylvania rate cases in April 2015 timeframe. We have provided more detailed summaries of both our Ohio and Pennsylvania filings in a letter to the investment community we issued yesterday after market close. With respect to other regulatory activity, in New Jersey, the Administrative Law Judge close the record on our base rate case of June 30th and we expect his recommendation later this quarter and anticipate APU action on our case in the fall. In Pennsylvania on June 5th, the PCE approved the amended smart meter deployment plan for our Pennsylvania companies allowing us to move forward with building the entire Penn Power smart meter system of 170,000 meters by the end of next year. We began installation last month. And finally, on May 23rd, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia ruled that FERC’s requirement that RTO to pay LMP to demand response that participates in wholesale energy market encroaches on the State exclusive jurisdiction to regulate retail market. The court’s decision was based on its finding that demand response is a retail product and therefore FERC does not have jurisdiction to regulate it in wholesale energy markets. The court’s action in the case it takes an important step toward allowing wholesale energy market to begin functioning properly. On the same day as the court’s decision and before the May 2014 capacity auction results were announced, we filed a complaint at FERC citing the court’s decision, asking FERC to pull demand resources out of the May 2014 PJM capacity auction. The PJM capacity auction is a wholesale market, so the inclusion of demand response resources is inappropriate in light of the court’s decision. Eliminating demand response as a compensated capacity resource would provide much needed uplift for essential physical generation and better allow the PJM capacity auction to work as originally intended. In fact, in an analysis published last month, the PJM market monitor found that removing demand response from the May 2014 capacity would increase the clearing price in RTO from $120 a megawatt a day to $282 a megawatt a day. I would like to thank you for your time. Clearly, it has been a very active and constructive quarter on both the competitive and regulatory front. And we will continue to position our competitive business for the future while ensuring the best possible regulatory environment for our company. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Jim for a review of the quarter.
James Pearson: Thanks, Leila. As I discuss our financial results, it may be helpful for you to refer to the consolidated report which was issued this morning as in available on our website. Our second quarter operating earnings of $0.49 per share were in line with our expectations. These results compared to second quarter 2013 operating earnings of $0.59 per share. While I will walk through the drivers of each of our business units in a minute, the major drivers included lower commodity margin at our competitive business and higher operating expense in our distribution business primarily due to increased maintenance and vegetation management cost. On a GAAP basis, second quarter earnings were $0.16 per basic share compared to a loss of $0.39 per basic share in the second quarter of 2013. The special items that make up the $0.32 difference between GAAP and operating earnings can be found on page 2 of the consolidated report. Let’s turn to a review of the key drivers of operating earnings across each of our business segments starting with distribution. During the second quarter, operating earnings for our distribution business were $0.39 per share which compares to $0.45 per share in the second quarter of 2013. The decrease is largely due to our enhanced focus on maintenance and vegetation management work in the second quarter of this year. These activities together with a 56-day outage at Fort Martin Unit 1 resulted in a $0.05 per share in operating expenses compared to the same period in 2013. Distribution operating earnings were also impacted by higher depreciation, pension expense and interest expenses compared to second quarter of 2013. The Harrison/Pleasants asset transfer increased earnings by $0.01 per share and a lower effective tax rate resulting from changes in state apportionment factors, increased earnings by $0.02 per share. Looking now at distribution deliveries, while operating earnings associated with deliveries were flat, the overall trend remains positive particularly regarding the continued steady improvement in our commercial and industrial sectors. Total distribution deliveries increased by 175,000 megawatt hours or less than 1% compared to the second quarter of 2013. Now looking at the mix of sales, milder temperatures resulted in a 2% decrease and deliveries through residential customers. Heating degree days were 6% lower than 2013 and 10% below normal. While cooling degree days were 7% below 2013 and 3% above normal. Adjusted for the impact of weather, residential sales decreased about 1%. Sales to commercial customers increased 1% overall and were up nearly 2% on a weather-adjusted basis. And sales to industrial customers were 2% higher than the second quarter of 2013 driven again by shale activity as well as increased production from the steel and automotive sectors. As we have discussed over the past several quarters, the overall trends particularly for commercial and industrial deliveries remain solid. In fact, over the past 12 months while weather adjusted residential sales have been essentially flat, commercial deliveries have increased 2% and sales to industrial customers are up nearly 3% reflecting four consecutive quarterly increases in each of those segments. The industrial pipeline remains promising particularly with respect to shale-related activity and we remain cautiously optimistic that growth in this sector will continue to accelerate over the next several years. Moving now toward transmission business, operating earnings were $0.15 per share which is a 25% increase compared $0.12 per share in the second quarter of 2013. The increase was driven by higher transmission revenues resulting from revenue requirement increases at ATSI and Trailco following their annual rate filings that were effective in June as well as higher capitalized financing cost. Let’s now turn to our competitive business. Operating earnings were $0.03 per share for the quarter, which compares to $0.11 per share in the second quarter of 2013. Operating earnings were impacted by a lower commodity margin, higher investment income and lower operating and maintenance cost. Commodity margin decreased operating earnings by $0.14 per share driven primarily by lower energy prices at the time the sales were committed and lower contract and wholesale sales volumes. While unit prices benefited from higher capacity rates, they also reflect the adverse impact of generally lower energy prices. You will recall that market power prices fell significantly beginning in the fourth quarter of 2011. Prior to the drop in prices, our 2014 sales book was 30% committed while 2013 committed sales were 60% committed. Therefore, more of our 2014 sales were committee at lower energy prices as compared to 2013. Our overall retail customer count decreased 100,000 to 2.6 million since June 30, 2013 and total channel sales decreased 1.6 million megawatt hours or 6%. We were already taking steps to be more selective in our sales to the large and medium-sized commercial and industrial customers during the second quarter. And this strategy resulted in a 16% decrease in those channels compared to the same period in 2013. Our total customer count in the LCI, MCI and mass market channels will continue to decrease as we implement the strategy Leila and Tony discussed earlier. Total generating output from ongoing units decreased 1 million megawatt hours. This was driven by outages and derates at our super critical coal units during the quarter which offset higher generation at our nuclear fleet primarily due to fewer forced outage days compared to the second quarter of 2013. Fuel and purchased power cost were lower in the quarter and commodity margin also benefitted from higher PJM capacity revenues, net financial sales and purchases and lower MISO and PJM transmission expense. Additionally, O&M cost increased earnings by $0.03 per share primarily related to the lower retail and marketing related expense partially offset by higher outage cost at our nuclear and fossil plants. Overall, we remain pleased for the continued solid performance of our transmission and distribution businesses during the second quarter and first half of the year. And we believe the strategies we have put in place in all three of our businesses will lead to strong, stable returns going forward. As always, we will continue to focus on our core businesses with a commitment to operational excellence, financial discipline and predictable and sustainable growth opportunities. Now, I will open up the call to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting our question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Hi, good afternoon.
Anthony Alexander: Hello, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Hi. Just on the transition of the portfolio, the retail portfolio, can you give us a sense of how quickly you think you’ll arrive at sort of the optimal shape because obviously the sales ratchet down but you’re saying you want to basically be out of MCI and mass market. So when the sort of FirstEnergy, new FirstEnergy retail book – when do we see that book?
Donald Schneider: Jonathan, this is Donny. You probably haven’t had a chance to look at the fact book yet, but when you get a chance if you look at Slide 102, it will show a buy channel as those sales turn them out.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Okay, so we can – so there’s a slide in that. I haven’t seen that, you’re right. So there’s a slide in there which will kind of answer my question.
Donald Schneider: Yes, it’s a good slide. It will show channel by channel, so you’ll be able to see the MCI and the LCI, et cetera. Kind of generally speaking, maybe we’ll probably hit our target volumes about first quarter of second quarter of ‘16.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then is it correct that given what you’ve said that you’re going into this coming winter that you are still probably short in the same amount that you were going into last winter, but you purchased protection. Do I understand that correctly?
Donald Schneider: No, not at all, Jonathan. Again, I apologize that you haven’t had the chance to look at the fact book, but you’ll see a real good slide on Slide 101 that shows our length. We’re actually about 500 megawatts long going into the winter. And that excludes our peaking capacity. So the simple cycle CTs and the oil CTs would lie on top of the 500 megawatt that we’re already long. So we’re in pretty good shape for the winter.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: So I see, that one’s like – that’s a monthly look rather than an aggregate annual look?
Donald Schneider: Yes, that’s month by month. And it reflects any outages and whatnot to fit our plan.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: I see that. Very helpful. On a slightly different topic that I did – I think I had the number correctly that you thought you would have in aggregate $425 million capital savings over the next several years.
Anthony Alexander: Yes, that’s basically 2015 to 2018.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Is that savings of the money that you’re just not going to spend because you found ways not to spend it or is this some of it saving and some of it deferral.
Anthony Alexander: Well, some of it obviously is deferral especially that related to the Beaver Valley Steam Generator and replacement project. Now that will move into the – probably a little probably a little in ‘18, more in ‘19 and 2020 when the project is that fully undertaken. The MATS savings are in fact real. They’re not moved around and much of it depends on what the nature of the other capital investments are. Some will be as you call permanent, some will be just moved depending on when outages are scheduled.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: How would the $425 million bread down between permanent and deferrals roughly?
Anthony Alexander: Well, one of the largest portions of the $425 million would be the Beaver Valley movement. And I think that was about $270 million of the $425 million.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you, Tony. And if I could just one final thing, did I hear right, you said, you would expect it to give at 2016 EBITDA guidance for the EI [ph]. Is the implication that you might go out further?
Anthony Alexander: I think that’s the only way you can think about it. But right now –
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: No, I just want to make sure I heard that right.
Anthony Alexander: In focus [ph], I’m trying to give you at least ‘16.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Anthony Alexander: Okay.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: And then can you give us any sense at all of what the – I think you talked about the implication for residential customer would be of the ESP of $3.50 for a month which I guess one could calculate a net revenue uplift, but then there’s obviously commercial and industrial as well. How does the ESP change your look? Can you give us any aggregate sense of that?
Leila Vespoli: I do not have that really handy. It would be a kilowatt an hour charge, so over an average customer’s usage. But I really can get that, but I don’t have that readily hand now. I’m sorry, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: All right. Thank you. I’m sorry for too many questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont with Jefferies, please proceed with your question.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies: Hi. Thank you very much. I was hoping that we could get you to elaborate a little bit on the sale of the generation from FES to the regulated companies. For instance, when we think about the revenue requirements, should we tie to sort of a book value number for those assets. And what would be the book value?
Leila Vespoli: So the way to think about it is kind of – if you go back in time, a regulated rate of return on rate base and O&M, so how one would have traditionally done it in Ohio. And that then is compared to what the market produces and net difference is either a credit of charge to customers. And that information is contained in the filing, although, I believe under confidentially.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies: Do you have like a book value number for those megawatts?
Leila Vespoli: No. Again, it’s – if you think about it in terms of evidence in the case, it is evidence in the case but it is under confidentially agreement.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies: Okay. And then in terms of the customers that are opting for this, do you need enough customers to sign up for all the generation output of these units in order for all of this to qualify? Or would this amount of generation be dedicated irrespective of the customer sign up?
Leila Vespoli: Okay. So it is a non-bypassable charge. So if you think of it, what’s actually happening is the FES side of the house is selling all the output from these three plants to the utilities. The utilities are taking the output and selling it into the marketplace. They are paying the competitive side of the house, the cost base kind of the traditional rate base kind of return. And they are taking the money they get from the marketplace again netting it against what they paid the FES side of the house and would either be a charge or credit to customers. So the power itself is not actually going to serve customers directly. It is acting as a rate stabilization mechanism. And over the 15-year term, it is predicted to produce savings for customers at $2 billion or $800 million net present value. So over the 15-year term, it will be a huge savings to customers. And if you think about it from a competitive standpoint for something in Ohio, Ohio looks to be a competitive state. It does not at all harm competition in Ohio because the Ohio polar auctions will go forward just as they had in the past. They will procure exactly the same amount of power and suppliers can compete for customers in the same exact way they’ve competed for them in the past. So again, I don’t believe it is going to affect competition or ability of suppliers to compete either retail or at the wholesale polar level, but it is giving customers $2 billion and stability going forward.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies: And then can you remind us who are the key parties that you would look to – if you were to try and settle in Ohio, who are the key parties that you would need in the settlement?
Leila Vespoli: So in the past, we have been very successful in getting quite diverse support around our settlements. Industrial customers are generally the most knowledgeable about markets and have been the ones in the past who have been interested in this kind of thing. So we’ll be looking to them. Staff in the past had something – I wouldn’t say it’s entirely similar to what we were putting on the table with respect to AP. I think there’s very significant differences. What we have in our Powering Ohio’s Progress and in particular the economic stability program that is very different from that which is in the AP case for one thing, the Powering Ohio’s Progress deals with the economic vitality of the state, the jobs, the taxes in Ohio, these were plants that were originally built to serve Ohio customers. And if market revenues didn’t prove to be sufficient to keep these plants around, the transmission that would be needed to compensate for that would especially be allocated to the after loan [ph]. So it’s something that needs to be thought of in terms of the overall dynamic. So I think while I mentioned the staff and they might have had some concerns about remotely similar kind of agreements in the past, I think we bring something different here and I would look to them as a settling partly. Retail suppliers is another entity. And again, since I don’t believe this affects them, I would be hopeful that we could have positive discussion with them and then obviously, the Office of Consumers Counsel.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies: Okay. And my last question is, can you update us on the status of the nuclear sound leasebacks and are you including in your capital requirements a potential buyout of the nuclear leases when they come to you?
James Pearson: Yes, Paul, this is Jim. We’ve reached agreement with a majority of our lessors. I think we only have 50 megawatts that we have not reached an agreement on. We have buyback of the significant portion of that already, so I think we only have about 150 megawatts left to repurchase. So we do have some anticipated capital outflow in the 2016-’17 timeframe for those outstanding megawatts.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies: Thank you very much.
James Pearson: Okay, thanks Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Hugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Hugh Wynne – Sanford C. Bernstein & Company: Thank you very much. I was wondering if you might take us through the drop in guidance for GAAP earnings and the increase in excluded items from the operating earnings.
James Pearson: Yes, Hugh, this is Jim. Our GAAP earnings, it changed by about $0.34 and it was made up of first plant deactivation. That was $0.12 and that mostly is a contract termination, a fuel contract termination. Our retail repositioning, that’s about $0.11 which you saw some of that already incurred this quarter. $0.10 on mark-to-market which is just as positions expiring at this point and then we had $0.01 for trust impairments. So that’s what made up the change in our GAAP earnings of $0.34.
Hugh Wynne – Sanford C. Bernstein & Company: And could you explain perhaps the plant deactivation? I didn’t quite catch that. So you had a fuel contract that’s made and that caused you to deactivate a plant or –?
James Pearson: Oh no, I’m sorry. That was just the termination of a fuel contract and it kind of relates to not eating as much of our fuel that we had under contract.
Hugh Wynne – Sanford C. Bernstein & Company: Understood. Because of prior deactivations, you no longer needed the supply?
James Pearson: That’s correct.
Hugh Wynne – Sanford C. Bernstein & Company: Right, okay. And then I also would like if you wouldn’t mind just a quick clarification of the comments around the Mansfield plant. I got a little bit confused there. I understood that the plant will continue to operate but that your minimized CapEx and in particular, you’re going to defer a water treatment upgrade but that’s not one of these do or die CapEx projects that would be required for continued operation or did I get that wrong?
Anthony Alexander: I think – Hugh, this is Tony. Let me kind of walk you through that. With respect to Mansfield, we’re going to continue making the max spend that’s required for continued operation of that plant. That’s part of the game plan. At Mansfield, however, Mansfield needs a new water treatment facility. It’s about a $200 million facility. It will take about two years to construct that. Because the Mansfield ash disposal site closes on December 31, 2016, essentially that construction project must start no later than January 1, 2015 in order to assure us that we will have it available for continued operation of the plant beyond January 1, 2017. So if we delay that expenditure, it will require us to time differently how we take the Mansfield unit down and when we take it down to accomplish what needs to be done from a water treatment standpoint.
Hugh Wynne – Sanford C. Bernstein & Company: Okay. But you would still be operating –
Anthony Alexander: Does that help you?
Hugh Wynne – Sanford C. Bernstein & Company: Yes, I believe it does. But you –
Anthony Alexander: It cannot operate after December 31, 2016.
Hugh Wynne – Sanford C. Bernstein & Company: Cannot operate but it –
Anthony Alexander: Cannot operate without the water treatment facilities.
Hugh Wynne – Sanford C. Bernstein & Company: Got it, okay, great. Thank you very much. That’s it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking –
Anthony Alexander: Hi, Paul.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates LLC: How are you doing?
Anthony Alexander: Good.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates LLC: Just really quickly on the hedge change, it sounds like it was a $90 million benefit that you guys saw annually from that. Could you just elaborate a little bit more about what that is? Is that income, is that – did I get it right?
James Pearson: Yes, Paul, yes, you got that right. That would be income.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates LLC: Is that pretax or after tax? And when was that part –
Anthony Alexander: Those are expenses.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, those are –
Anthony Alexander: And what we’re really looking at, Paul, that would be reductions in agent fees, personnel, overall operating costs because you’re not running a retail operation any longer at the same extent that we are today.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates LLC: And when would that show up or to show up?
Anthony Alexander: Probably in the latter part of this year.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay.
Anthony Alexander: As we wind down the operations, it will smooth out over time to –
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates LLC: Is there –
Anthony Alexander: So we’ll see some of it this year, most of it next year.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates LLC: Is there any decrease in margin because you guys are taking less risk it looks like instead of derisking the hedging. Is that correct? I mean, is there any other offset that we should think about that or – I mean you can get back – I’ll just follow up with you guys afterwards. The second one that I really have for you guys is, is as you know, there’s this thing called the Edgar principle when we have to deal with affiliated transactions. I know you guys know a lot more about it than I do. Does it apply to you, do you think in this case in the Ohio – the Power Ohio case? And if not, why not and if so, how do you solve it for it I guess?
Leila Vespoli: So we have a market base rate authority and we believe that the PPA is covered under that.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates LLC: So as a result of long term contract would be seen as a market transaction, is that what you mean, I’m sorry?
Leila Vespoli: That is correct. So we would not need to be filing at FERC, so we would not have that review process occur.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, so FERC would not be reviewing this under Edgar.
Leila Vespoli: Right.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just finally, with the $140 million decrease in FFO, it seems for 2014, we saw a decrease in the first quarter as well. Any trend there or is that just noise or what have you?
James Pearson: Paul, this is Jim. That decrease in FFO, that was attributable that fuel supply contract I talked about that we terminated. And the other portion was associated with the expenditures for our retail repositioning.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, thanks so much.
James Pearson: Operator, we’ll take one more question.
Operator: Certainly. Our final question will come from the line of Greg Orrill with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Orrill – Barclays Capital: Yes, thanks very much. Thank you for all the information. On Slide 106.
Anthony Alexander: Okay, Greg. Now we’ll all be flipping pages there.
Greg Orrill – Barclays Capital: Within the hedged EBITDA, the capacity expense is $150 million higher than the revenue. How much of that is offset in ‘16 if it’s possible to say?
Donald Schneider: Greg, this is Donny. I think the best way to think about capacity revenue and capacity expense as it’s laid out here is you really have to think about them as completely separate transactions almost. The capacity revenue that we get is a result of bidding our units into the BRAs and into the incremental auctions. We would get that capacity revenue regardless of what we’re doing on the retail side. The capacity expense on the other hand is tied directly to what we do on the retail side. And the revenue that offsets that capacity expense is built into our retail rates.
Greg Orrill – Barclays Capital: Thank you.
James Pearson: Okay, Greg, thank you. I’d like thank everyone for joining us on the call today. If we didn’t get to you in the Q&A, please call our IR department and we’d be happy to get back with you. As you heard today, we’re making substantial progress towards our long-term regulated growth strategy in our transmission business. Our Energizing the Future transmission investment initiative is well underway and we are on track to complete the investments we have endebtified [ph] this year while laying the groundwork for future construction efforts. In our distribution business, we now have active rate cases in four states including our proposed plan in Ohio that would help protect customers in the State from both potential market volatility and retail price increases. At the same time in our competitive business, we are taking further steps designed to reduce overall risk while retaining the flexibility to capture future market opportunities. And we intend to continue to reduce our overall cost structure over the next several years. We believe that positive developments we discussed today together with our strong commitment to success, will help us provide long-term value and predictable, sustainable growth to our investors. Again, we appreciate your continued support. Thanks for joining in today.
Anthony Alexander: Thanks everyone.
Leila Vespoli: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-06 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Meghan Beringer -  Anthony J. Alexander - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director, Chief Executive Officer of FirstEnergy Service Company, Chief Executive Officer of FirstEnergy Nuclear Operating Company and President of FirstEnergy Service Company Leila L. Vespoli - Chief Legal Officer and Executive Vice President of Markets James F. Pearson - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Donald R. Schneider - Principal Executive Officer and President Irene M. Prezelj - Vice President of Investor Relations - Firstenergy
Analysts: Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Meghan Beringer, Director, Investor Relations, for FirstEnergy. Ms. Beringer, you may begin.
Meghan Beringer: Thank you, Brenda, and good afternoon. Welcome to FirstEnergy's First Quarter Earnings Call. First, please be reminded that during this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp. are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated report to the financial community, which was released earlier today and is also available on our website under the Earnings Information link. Today, we will be referring to operating earnings, both on a consolidated and segment basis, which are non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP earnings from operating earnings are contained in the consolidated report, as well as on the investor information section on our website at www.firstenergycorp.com/ir. Participating in today's call are Tony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President, Markets and Chief Legal Officer; Jim Pearson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Donny Schneider, President of FirstEnergy Solutions; Jon Taylor, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Steve Staub, Vice President and Treasurer; and Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations. Now I will turn the call over to Tony Alexander.
Anthony J. Alexander: Thank you, Meghan, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll start today's call with a look at our first quarter results, then I will discuss some of the recent developments in each of our businesses, and I'll finish with an update on our full year outlook. Leila will provide a more in-depth review of our competitive business, as well as an update on regulatory activity. And Jim will present more details on our first quarter financial results. Okay, let's get started. This morning, we announced first quarter 2014 operating earnings of $0.39 per share, in line with the range we provided on our year-end call in February. Even though the extremely challenging weather continued throughout the quarter for our competitive business, we had good results overall in both our distribution and transmission businesses. In fact, our distribution business not only delivered strong performance during the quarter, but even more important, we continued to see positive trends in both residential and commercial sales, as well as growth in the industrial sector. Adjusting for the impact of weather, total distribution sales increased 2% compared to the first quarter of 2013. This includes an increase of nearly 3% on a weather-adjusted basis in the commercial sector. We are obviously pleased to see consecutive quarters of sales growth in the commercial sector. Weather-adjusted residential deliveries increased more than 2% compared to the first quarter of 2013, and we saw modest growth in our customer count, continuing the positive trend we noted during the fourth quarter. Sales to industrial customers increased about 1% compared to the first quarter of 2013, driven by manufacturing segments related to shale gas in our region, as well as continued steady growth from the automotive sector. We also welcomed the announcement in March of a planned ethanol cracker plant in our Mon Power service territory. While this project is still in its early stages, the land has been purchased, and we remain optimistic that our region is prime for a cracker plant. This development would be a tremendous boost to not only the shale gas industry in our region, but related manufacturing sectors across our service areas. Our first quarter distribution results, together with the growing momentum in the shale gas industry, sustained our cautious optimism that a more substantial recovery is on the horizon for both the commercial and industrial sectors. We are on track to meet or exceed our growth forecast for all 3 sectors this year. On the regulatory front, we filed our rate case in West Virginia last week, and we expect to file an ESP in Ohio and rate cases in Pennsylvania -- in our Pennsylvania service areas later this year. We are also looking forward to resolution of our New Jersey storm recovery and base rate cases. Leila will provide more details on each of these cases later today. Finally, in our transmission business, we are moving forward with our planned investments to support continued service, system reliability and enhance service to our customers. Projects underway include construction of our 100-mile transmission line from our Bruce Mansfield Plant to a new substation in the Cleveland area. This project is being constructed primarily to support the generation deactivations in the ATSI footprint. In addition, we are well underway on many of the smaller projects that are part of our transmission improvement program. While we did lose some physical construction time this winter due to the weather, we still expect to meet our targets for the year. Now turning to our competitive operations. While Leila and Jim will provide more detail about the specific impact the extreme winter weather and, more importantly, market conditions had on our competitive business, I'll take a moment to discuss what this winter's instability says about the state of our region's electric infrastructure. As you know, the regional grid was under severe stress during the polar vortex in early January and other frigid weather events in the remainder of the quarter. The combination of several factors, including high customer demand, forced outages and plant unavailability, in particular those driven by gas shortages, illuminated the fact that current energy priorities are putting the reliability of our electric system in jeopardy and creating a far more volatile energy price and service environment for customers. This is of particular importance in competitive states, where customer service and pricing are very much dependent, if not solely dependent, on stable and predictable wholesale markets. As you may know, we've shared this view in our testimony at FERC, in comments to business leaders and legislators and in media, and we will continue to advocate for regulatory changes that can ensure generating resources are valued at a level that reflects their contribution to grid reliability. While some modest reforms dealing with overreliance on imports and demand response have been approved by the FERC for the upcoming PJM capacity auction in May, we believe momentum is growing for changes that can truly help maintain the reliability, service quality and price stability that have long been enjoyed from our electric system. Even so, we are evaluating our target level of retail sales, including the markets and channels in which we concentrate our efforts and our hedge position, given the significant volatility now within the wholesale energy markets, the ever-changing market rules and, as we approach mid-2015 and beyond, the anticipated shutdowns of generation within the market. It has always been a part of our overall strategy to maximize the performance of our competitive business. As we evaluate and refine our targets in light of current market conditions, we are in a good position, since we only have about 55% of our generation committed for the 2015, 2016 PJM planning year and about 33% committed for the 2016, 2017 planning year. This gives us substantial flexibility as we consider how best to position our competitive business going forward. With respect to our plant performance during the quarter, even though our overall fleet performed better than expected -- in fact, we delivered more capacity to PJM than our units were committed to deliver or were being paid for -- we had several nuclear and fossil outages and derates that occurred during the most volatile pricing periods. And as Leila will explain, these outages, given the high prices for energy during those periods, had a significant impact on our results. During the quarter, we also successfully replaced the Unit 1 main transformer during the forced outage at Beaver Valley plant in January and commenced the Davis-Besse steam generator replacement project during a planned refueling outage. Davis-Besse is now in the startup process, but the outage took 15-or-so days longer than expected, which we estimate will result in about a $0.02 impact for the second quarter. In April, we also began the scheduled refueling outage at Beaver Valley Unit 2. The outage is on track, and we expect that unit back online during May. We have no other refueling outages scheduled this year. This morning, we revised our 2014 operating earnings guidance to $2.40 to $2.60 per share. It was a tough quarter for our competitive operations, given the market dynamics in PJM, and we have adjusted the earnings range at that segment to reflect the quarter's results and expectations for the remainder of the year. Our corporate segment and regulated utilities are expected to come in better than our original estimates, and our transmission segment is roughly in line with original expectations. While this is a very difficult quarter, we continue to believe that our distribution, transmission and competitive businesses provide a solid platform to deliver value to our investors, and we appreciate your support. Now I'll turn this over to Leila for a regulatory and power markets update.
Leila L. Vespoli: Thanks, Tony. Given the significance of the extreme weather and market conditions on our competitive business, I will begin with a discussion of the first quarter impact and then move to a regulatory update. First, extreme weather conditions resulted in customer usage that was about 6% higher than normal during the first quarter. We typically hedge for normal weather, leaving open a small portion of our expected customer load as we enter each month. Increased sales are covered through market purchases, from our peaking generation or a combination of both. This quarter, higher market purchases, reflecting weather and, to a lesser extent, our small open position of less than 3%, decreased earnings by $0.10 per share net of increased sales revenues. Higher prices exasperated the earnings impact of our power purchases. Average prices during the first quarter 2014 were nearly $68 per megawatt-hour or double the 3-year average of about $34 per megawatt-hour. More importantly, however, prices during the most volatile days, the 10 highest-priced days during the quarter, where the average around-the-clock day-ahead price at 80 Hub was between $150 and $500 per megawatt-hour, were what really impacted the quarter's results at our competitive segment. All 10 of these volatile days coincided with untimely outages at some of our units, including Beaver Valley and Mansfield. And we couldn't procure natural gas for our West Lorain peaking plant, which would have helped offset some of that impact. The combination of these events, net of fuel costs and better-than-expected generation at other units, resulted in increased power purchase expense of $0.23 per share. The impact of the 10 days was $0.13 of the $0.23. Ancillary expenses from PJM were also up significantly as a result of January charges that were about 10x higher than normal and that exceeded the charges for the entire calendar year 2013. While we anticipated significant ancillary charges when we spoke to you in February, PJM added a March true-up bill of roughly $0.02 per share, reflecting their decision to socialize these costs across the entire region. Our total share of these expenses amounted to $0.10 per share, while the net effect on earnings was $0.05 per share, reflecting a passthrough of some of these costs to industrial and commercial customers, as well as our decision not to seek reimbursement for about $0.02 in expenses from residential customers. Looking at other drivers. Higher capacity prices drove a $0.07 per share increase in capacity expense. And finally, the deactivation of Hatfield and Mitchell, along with the transfer of Harrison and the hydro unit, improved earnings $0.04 per share, taking into consideration lower fuel, operation, depreciation and interest expense and increased purchase power to replace that generation. As Tony said, we continue our work to encourage consistent and reasonable market rules that help rather than hinder competitive markets, and we are committed to advocating for change in rules, policies and practices that better support reliability and overall market development. At the same time we are working for change, we are also taking several steps to refine our internal practices to adapt to the evolving market dynamics. First, we are taking a far more conservative approach in competitive markets, in light of our current condition. We have increased the risk premium that is built into our retail sales price, which should naturally adjust our glide path strategy to produce a slightly more open position. We currently have 56 million megawatt-hours of committed sales in 2015 and 32 million megawatt-hours committed in 2016. Next, we have taken deliberate action to essentially close the small, unhedged portion that we typically leave open going into each month, and that is in place for the remainder of the year. As we move into the summer months, we have taken additional actions to layer in further hedges that supplement our position for retail load. Our peaking units are also available for additional support in the event of an extremely hot summer and more volatile prices. Finally, we have purchased additional outage insurance, something that we haven't felt necessary for about 15 years, to mitigate the impact of volatile prices during the summer. Our results this quarter were affected by a mix of untimely outages and extreme market conditions. We believe that the actions we have already implemented, as well as other conservative measures for the longer term, will help to mitigate the impact of similar market condition should they occur in the future. Moving now to a review of state regulatory matters. In New Jersey, following the BPU's approval of storm cost stipulation and the return of the 2011 storm costs to the base rate case, the parties were directed to advise ALJ whether additional information is needed before the record is closed. We anticipate a decision in the rate case proceeding later this year. Also in New Jersey, the manner of recovery of the 2012 storm cost remains pending before the BPU. Turning to West Virginia. Before I talk about our recently filed rate case, I want to briefly mention that on April 23, the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia entered an opinion affirming the West Virginia Public Service Commission's order from last October approving the generation asset transfer dealing with the Harrison and Pleasants generating station. As you may recall, we closed this transaction in October after receiving approval from the West Virginia PSC. Now respecting the West Virginia rate case, last week, our Mon Power and Potomac Edison subsidiaries jointly submitted a request to the Public Service Commission of West Virginia for a base rate increase of approximately $96 million or 9.3% and an allowed ROE of 11%. In addition, the plan includes the request to recover the cost of a new right-of-way vegetation maintenance program through a surcharge. Recently, the West Virginia PSC approved the company's vegetation management plan filed last year but postponed consideration of the method of cost recovery to the rate case. In the meantime, as authorized by the PSC, the companies are implementing the plan and deferring the cost with a 4% annual carry charge. If the requested surcharge is not approved in the rate case, these costs would be incorporated into the company's base rate request. The requested rates are subject to review and approval by the PSC. We expect the case to conclude by the end of February 2015 With respect to our plans to file base rate cases in Pennsylvania, we are concluding our analysis and expect to file later this year. And finally, in Pennsylvania, on March 6, the PUC issued an order approving our original smart meter deployment plan. On March 19, the company has filed an updated plan, consistent with that order, that would allow for the entire Penn Power smart meter system, 170,000 meters, to be built by the end of 2015 instead of the originally proposed installation of 60,000 meters by the end of 2016. A procedural schedule, including a hearing tomorrow, has been established to allow the Pennsylvania PUC to consider the plan by early June. We expect installation to begin this summer. In Ohio, the PUCO completed its retail market investigation on March 26 by issuing an order that addresses issues ranging from maintaining SSO service in its current form to requiring corporate separation audits of all electric distribution utilities. Also in Ohio, we expect to file an electric security plan, or ESP, before year end. As you know, the current ESP runs through May of 2016, but we need to get started on the process in order to meet the time required to effectively implement a new plant. We expect that most of the main aspects of the filing will be similar, including the continuation of periodic auctions to procure generation for non-shopping customers, as well as the delivery capital recovery rider, which has served us well in terms of providing a mechanism to recover our ongoing investments in reliability at our Ohio utilities. We are also considering, given the substantial changes in market conditions, whether we should propose an option designed to provide our Ohio customers with more generation price stability and reduced exposure to market volatility. We're still in the early stages of this, and a lot -- and obviously, a lot of thought and discussion with our Ohio colleagues is still to come. It may prove, however, to be an effective way, and perhaps the only way, for Ohio regulators to address the volatility in the market and assure stable prices and adequate supplies for Ohio customers. With that, I'll hand it off to Jim.
James F. Pearson: Thanks, Leila. As I discuss our financial results, you may want to refer to the consolidated report, which was issued this morning and is available on our website. You'll notice that we have redesigned the consolidated report to provide even greater transparency into the performance of our 3 business units: regulated distribution, regulated transmission and competitive energy services. As Tony mentioned earlier, our first quarter operating earnings of $0.39 per share were within our expectations. These results compare to first quarter 2013 operating earnings of $0.76 per share. On a GAAP basis, first quarter earnings were $0.50 per share this year compared to $0.47 per share in the first quarter of 2013. A list of special items that make up the difference between GAAP and operating earnings can be found on Page 2 of the consolidated report. The largest of the special items in the first quarter was an $0.18 per share gain primarily related to the sale of our hydro units. We also recorded a gain of $0.03 per share related to mark-to-market adjustments. These gains were partially offset by plant deactivation costs of $0.05 per share associated with the closure of our fossil units, a decrease of $0.02 per share related to merger accounting for commodity contracts, regulatory charges of $0.02 per share and a loss on debt redemptions of $0.01 per share. Now let's turn to a review of the key drivers in each of our business segments. I'll begin with our distribution business, with operating earnings of $0.53 per share or an increase of $0.01 per share compared to the first quarter of 2013. Distribution deliveries added $0.09 per share compared to the first quarter of 2013. Heating degree-days were about 17% higher than 2013 and 19% above normal, driving a 6% or 2.3 million megawatt-hour increase in deliveries compared to the first quarter of 2013. Looking at the mix of sales, deliveries to residential customers were up 11%, while commercial sales increased 6%. And as Tony mentioned earlier, when we adjust for the impact of weather, commercial deliveries were up nearly 3%, while residential sales increased about 2%. Deliveries to industrial customers were 1% higher than the first quarter of 2013. Looking back at the past 12 months. On a weather-adjusted basis, we are seeing about a 1% growth in both the residential and commercial sectors and a 2% increase in industrial deliveries. The growth appears to be somewhat steady. And to reiterate Tony's point, we are in pace to achieve the expected load growth across all 3 sectors of our customer segments this year. With respect to other drivers in our distribution business, the impact of the West Virginia asset transfer, primarily reflecting the return on the Harrison Plant, increased earnings by $0.01 per share in the first quarter. The weather contributed to higher operating expenses of $0.06 per share during the quarter. This primarily reflects less capital work completed as a result of the extreme weather conditions and storm-related restoration costs, net of deferrals during the quarter. Finally, distribution earnings decreased by $0.03 per share as a result of higher depreciation and interest expense. Moving to our transmission business. Operating earnings were $0.12 per share or flat compared to the first quarter of 2013 as higher transmission revenues were offset by operating expense and taxes, with most of the higher operating expense due to a greater focus on maintenance activities this quarter. In our competitive business, operating earnings were $0.40 per share below first quarter 2013 results. This was driven by the decrease in commodity margin that resulted from the extreme weather, market conditions and outages that we experienced during the quarter, as Leila described. Total generating output decreased 4.9 million megawatt-hours, primarily reflecting our 2013 plant deactivations, the Harrison and Pleasants asset transfer and planned and unplanned outages. Total contract sales increased 1.3 million megawatt-hours compared to the first quarter of 2013. The total number of retail customers remained flat at 2.7 million, but the channel mix is shifting, consistent with our strategy to target higher-margin sales opportunities. Specifically, direct sales to the large and medium-sized commercial and industrial customers decreased 6% as a result of our strategy to be more selective in light of current market conditions. This decrease was offset in the first quarter by sales in other channels. Structured sales increased 42% compared to the first quarter of 2013 as a result of more municipal, cooperative and bilateral sales, partially offset by lower unit prices due to extreme weather and market conditions that reduced the gains on various structured financial sales. Governmental aggregation sales increased 7%, and POLR sales increased 8%, both reflecting higher weather-related usage. And mass market sales were 19% higher, reflecting the acquisition of new customers, primarily in Pennsylvania and Ohio, as well as weather-related usage. The impact of the extreme weather and market events on commodity margin was offset somewhat by lower operating expenses, primarily related to the plant deactivations and the asset transfer, and lower interest expense due to long-term debt repurchases. Finally, I'll take a moment to review financing options that we have completed so far this year. We extended our 3 existing multiyear revolving credit facilities until March of 2019. As part of this transaction, we increased the FirstEnergy and utility facility by $1 billion, we decreased the FES and Allegheny supply facility by $1 billion and amended the transmission facility to allow greater borrowing at our ATSI and TrAIL subsidiaries. We executed and fully utilized a new $1 billion variable-rate term loan credit agreement with a maturity date of March 2019. Borrowings under this term loan improved our liquidity, as we used proceeds to refinance a like amount of borrowings under FE Corp.'s revolving credit facility. We completed the remarketing of 3 tax-exempt issues totaling $417 million in March at an average coupon of 3.86%, and we received FERC authorization to issue up to $850 million in long-term debt for TrAIL. While the first quarter presented some unusual challenges with regard to the extreme weather and market conditions, we were pleased overall with the strength of our businesses and our regulated strategy, and we'll continue to focus on our core businesses with a commitment to operational excellence, financial discipline and predictable and sustainable growth opportunities. Now I'll open the call up to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Dan Eggers with Crédit Suisse.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can we just talk a little bit about kind of retail thought process? I mean, it seems like there's a little bit of a reevaluation of kind of sizing and strategy there. Given the first quarter results, what's going to cause you guys maybe to reconsider how much of a short position you create in the retail business? And based on your contractual commitments, where would you look to maybe reduce your exposure if you're going to maybe more balance that business?
Anthony J. Alexander: Dan, let me start with kind of a broad-based overview. When you think about our retail strategy, we've always indicated that it is primarily an asset-backed strategy. And we have used -- and we've increased sales, to a certain extent, probably in the 20% to 25% range, based on sourcing from the overall market. We've been comfortable in that range for a number of years now because the markets have been fairly stable. What we're seeing today, however, and what we experienced this winter, perhaps, is a precursor of what we might be looking at down the road as additional generation is taken offline as a result of environmental requirements, increasing forced outage rates as a result of -- essentially, as a result of depressed overall capacity markets. And quite frankly, as we rely more on natural gas to fill the capacity void, the increased volatility that creates inside the energy markets, electric energy markets because of the volatility associated with natural gas. And I think all of those are looking -- all of those are leading us to refine our strategy, to see exactly where these targets ought to be, given what we're seeing now as perhaps something that is going to be more of a long-term event in the energy markets, in particular. So not unlike where we started the process, what level of retail sales are -- can be supported by our generation, what is the appropriate level of retail sales to source in the market, if any, and where that mix is will depend much on what happens in retail markets to reflect the risk premiums that will need to be reflected as wholesale markets have far more volatile energy prices in them. And we're going to take that all into consideration. Right now, I feel pretty good about where we're at because the positions we have going forward, quite frankly, where we're at right now, we're more than 100% hedged with our own generation. So it becomes a function of what markets will provide the best opportunities for the competitive business going forward.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess, if you look at guidance for this year, the update to the CES contribution came down quite a bit, even though you guys hit the midpoint of the range for the first quarter in aggregate. What's bringing down the next 3 quarters of CES, probably, relative to plan? And then what is the cost or the ongoing cost of, maybe, the new hedging or insurance strategies you're using this year to help protect yourselves?
James F. Pearson: Dan, this is Jim. I'll take a shot at that, and then if Leila and Donny want to add any more cover, I'll hand -- color, I'll hand that off to them. Yes, we hit the midrange of our guidance for this quarter, but several things happened since we gave that guidance, Dan. First off, during the quarter, we did experience better results in our regulated distribution business than what we had expected. We knew that we were going to have higher expenses in the first quarter associated with maintenance expenses, but our revenues were somewhat better than what we expected. And then on the corporate side, we also experienced some benefits against some taxes to a couple of cents. What happened since the call, on the competitive side, we decided that we were not going to bill several cents of the ancillary services. In addition, PJM reallocated some of their expenses from January, and that impacted us by about $0.02. And then March was rather challenging, as we experienced some fairly cold weather and some extreme wholesale market prices on that side of the house. So with that, we had a decrease somewhat in the competitive side. It was offset, though, by the corporate and the regulated distribution side. Looking past the first quarter, Dan, we had some additional expenditures that impacted us. First, the Davis-Besse outage that Tony talked about earlier, it impacted us by a couple of cents. And then we also went out and we bought some additional outage insurance, and we closed all of the remaining positions that were opened for the remainder of the year. So when you take all of that together, that is what drove the midpoint of the competitive energy services from $0.42 to $0.17.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And so Jim, when you guys look at next year and beyond, should we assume that this higher level of cost for insurance or locking-in-positions is going to be there? Or is that part of the review of where the retail scaling should be?
James F. Pearson: I would say that, that will be part of what the retail review and scaling will be. But at this point, I'm not really expecting that we will go out and purchase that outage insurance on an annual basis.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So quick first question here. As you think about the impact of polar vortex, et cetera, in the state of Ohio, how are you seeing their willingness to, perhaps, engage in a more longer-term, PPA-like manner with you all and perhaps how that meshes with your upcoming ESP?
Leila L. Vespoli: Julien, this is Leila. I think they are very focused on that. I think Ohio is not alone in their concern at looking at the polar vortex and the market rules and what they mean in term -- potentially mean in terms of reliability going forward. And I think you're right here in the sense that they dovetail into what might folks want to see within the context of an ESP going forward. So those are the kinds of things that we are looking at now and talking with folks in Ohio about to see what it is that we might do in Ohio that's provided for under Ohio law that might mitigate some of the reliability issues with respect to that and to ensure that they have stable pricing in Ohio.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Could you perhaps just elaborate? How big or substantial are we talking about? What's the ambition here, just to get a better sense?
Leila L. Vespoli: Julien, I -- that is something that's actively being considered. I mean, that's something that we wouldn't decide solely at our end. We would want to be talking with folks and discuss what is the appetite for this kind of things. So that's the thing that's under discussion right now.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Excellent. And then on the capacity piece, I'd be curious; obviously, you have a capacity auction coming up. What's your latest thoughts on ATSI are and, ultimately, how that dovetails with, I suppose, your April proposal to shift some of the offered cap [ph] rule.
Leila L. Vespoli: Okay. I'll talk about it generally then turn it over to Donny to maybe give you some more specifics. I think with regard to what FERC has already approved, I think it will have the potential to move the auction a little bit. But I don't think any of the rules currently approved are going to move the auction substantially. I don't think that's consistent with what I'm reading out there. I think longer term, Julien, and what some folks in the industry are talking about among themselves and now with some regulators from a federal level perspective, in order to fix the uneconomic generation issue that folks are talking about, that the Market Monitor talked about in his report, you're going to need more than what PJM has proposed to FERC right now. You're going to need additional changes, both in terms of base residual auction changes that, obviously, wouldn't take place until 3 years out, so I'll call that a longer-term fix. But you have some companies, Exelon notably one of them, that says they're looking to make decisions in the shorter term. And folks are going to have to concentrate and look at, "Okay, what might be a shorter-term fix that will take us to a place where you then have fixed the base residual auction 3 years out?" One of the things that folks are talking about is on-site fuel and looking to give units with on-site fuel some kind of premium in a market that they certainly don't get now, tying into the concept of fuel diversity. So those are some of the kind of things that I would like to see happen. But certainly, not something that we're going to see in an upcoming auction. But with that, I'll turn it over to Donny and his thoughts on the upcoming auction.
Donald R. Schneider: She said it pretty well, Julien. I don't have a lot to add. I mean, you kind of think of the plus and minus, if you will. On the plus side, if you're a generator, you've got the retirements that are out there. You've got the import limits. You've got the change that they made to DR. You at least have some suggestion about the arbitrage issues. Whether that gets done before the auction or not, who knows? But on the minus side of the ledger, you've got load forecast is down. You've got a lot of new generation in the queue. We'll have to see what happens there with that new generation. I think that's kind of the wildcard for the upcoming auction, if you will. And generally, I'd agree with Leila. It's possible to see this needle move a little bit in a favorable direction, but not nearly enough to sustain what the PJM needs from a reliability perspective going forward.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Excellent. And just a clarification on Dan's last question there, if you don't mind. If you complete your review, could this drive a higher level of maintenance CapEx going forward? Does that change at all?
James F. Pearson: I don't see when anything that's happened, Julien, this is Jim, that would drive any additional maintenance CapEx.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just looking at the fact book that you guys put out and Slide 151, I guess, the issue of free cash flow. It looks like it's substantially down. Now part of because of the lower income in the guidance. But there's also what appears to be a considerable higher level of collateral, I guess, that you guys expected. And this other item, other seems to have swung kind of negative. And I was just wondering if this is -- how much of this might be sort of an ongoing free cash flow situation that we should think about in 2015 and beyond versus sort of a polar vortex issue now?
James F. Pearson: Paul, this is Jim. I would say you hit it right. A big driver of that is the earnings that are down. So I would say that's probably associated with at least...
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: It looks like $100 million. The rest of it -- almost $400 million, it looks like, could be...
James F. Pearson: I would say there's about $350 million there. We had -- in the first quarter, our collateral, it was up $419 million over the first quarter of last year. We did get some of that collateral returned to us when PJM reset their collateral requirements. We did get about $275 million back. So my expectation is collateral may be somewhat higher for a period of time, but not to the extent we have it right now.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And that other item that looked like it was almost $250 million swing almost, what is that? And does that continue?
James F. Pearson: What's the other item you're looking at?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Well, just when we look at cash before other items, you've got high drags on sales, collateral, then other. And other seems like it's $194 million negative now, whereas last year -- I mean, excuse me, last numbers you guys gave was a positive $50 million. So I'm just wondering what's that, and does it continue? I mean, how do we think about 2015, I guess, and going forward in terms of what...
James F. Pearson: I wouldn't -- that's a working capital item, Paul, so I would not expect that to continue like that.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Can you tell us what it was? Or I can follow up offline.
James F. Pearson: You can follow up offline.
Irene M. Prezelj: Paul, will you give me a call after the conference call, and we'll run that to ground for you?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Okay, fine. And then just in terms of SB 310, there have been some news reports about some changes and amendments to it, perhaps. And I'm just wondering what you guys think about those potential amendments and what you think the outlook for getting this thing done is, and if you could just address that a little bit.
Leila L. Vespoli: Paul, this is Leila. That is something that changes almost hourly. I do think they are posed to do something. I do think you're right in the sense that the different parties are looking at that and putting forward different compromise proposals as we go along. I can't say that I have a perfect crystal ball as to what's going to come out the other end. But I think, directionally, they are probably going to put forward something that is very positive. I don't think it will look like exactly what has been originally contained in the legislation. But I think from a perspective of saving customers' money in terms of energy efficiency requirements, I think it will come out positive. And I think, hopefully, they're slated to do something, yes, this week in the Senate.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just wanted to talk about 2015 EBITDA for the competitive operations. And we've obviously seen a fairly large runup in power prices. To what extent does that factor in? I honestly would have thought perhaps EBITDA would be a bit higher, given the runup. Can you maybe talk through how the change in commodity prices impacts that 2015 EBITDA?
James F. Pearson: At this point, Stephen, we have not updated our 2015 EBITDA for the open positions we have right now. So if those open positions are filled at a higher energy price, as we're seeing, then you could see that being driven up. But I'll leave Leila to give you some more color on that.
Leila L. Vespoli: Actually, Stephen, I think, right now, with respect to our current sales levels in 2015, roughly sold the 56 million. If you were to not sell anything further going into it, just sell it at the current forward market prices, I think we would be within that range of EBITDA. So I think, right now, although we -- obviously, that's something we're going to continue to examine as we go forward, I think we are comfortably within the range and are -- as I said, continue to look at it as we go forward.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. But -- not to press on this too much, but since the last update, I mean, we've seen a very large move in commodity prices. I guess I would have expected that, given that you do have a fair amount of open position there, that the EBITDA would be higher. Are there other offsets or other things we should be thinking about?
Leila L. Vespoli: I think one of the things you need to think about is the sustainability of the pricing going forward. That's something that we continue to look at. And as Tony mentioned, as we go forward, we're going to be looking at a different mixture of things, potentially. So again, that's something that we will continue to evaluate as we go forward. But right now, we feel comfortable kind of within that range as currently shown.
Donald R. Schneider: Yes. I think, Stephen, just to add to that. This is Donny. If you think about where we're at today, Leila mentioned, for 2015, we've sold about 56 terawatt-hours. If you use -- we've given you a range on generation, but -- 75 to 80. If you just pick 76 as our generation, that would say that against our generation, we're about 20 terawatt-hours open. The market's moved kind of roughly about $6 for cal year '15, so you're at about $120 million, and I think our range was right at about $100 million. So what we're saying is things are looking better, obviously, from a wholesale perspective. We've got a nice open position. We haven't quite figured out where we're going with retail sales, so to speak. So just a lot of things in flux there that kind of boil down, and we'll probably be updating that later this year.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. I see. So there has been -- the move upward, that does help you achieve that and helps you feel better about where you might be in that range, it sounds like.
Donald R. Schneider: Yes. No question, the upward movement in the market is always desirable.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: My -- not to beat a dead horse, but just to follow up with -- along the lines of the last question. Leila, I just want to make sure I heard correctly, you said that you've sold 56 terawatt hours -- or committed to sell 56 in '15 and committed to sell 32 in '16?
Leila L. Vespoli: Correct.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And one would presume, given that power prices are up, that your plants would dispatch more. So you've given a range of generation output of 75 to 80 in both those years. Shouldn't I presume that you'd be closer to 80, as with prices up and volatility up, you'd probably run more? Because if I do -- if I run the deltas on power prices from the end of the year, I actually come up with more like a little over $200 million in incremental EBITDA in '15 on 24 terawatt-hour delta. So in order for that -- in order for you to not be above the last range, something would have had to have changed on the negative side in your P&L.
Leila L. Vespoli: Greg, I think your first comment was fair, but I'm going to turn it over to Donny to address the latter piece.
Donald R. Schneider: Yes. No, Greg, I think you're directionally correct. There's nothing that's changed in the P&L that would create downward pressure for '15. We are still evaluating where we want to be with retail sales, how we might want to play the wholesale market, for example. So that's really what's driving the fact that we haven't updated that range.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then all things equal in '16, you are long a little less than 50 terawatt-hours today, correct?
Donald R. Schneider: Yes. With the 32 that's under contract, and you can plan on us generating somewhere, again, in the 75 to 80 terawatt-hours. That will leave you about -- just short of 50 terawatt hours open.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. At what point do you think you guys will be ready to give us some sort of a mark-to-market or sensitivity analysis on your position as commodity markets do change?
Leila L. Vespoli: Greg, that's something that we're working on, and we should be in position to do in some future call.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Naz Comuala [ph] with Fidelity Investments.
Unknown Analyst: I just had a question for you. I wanted to ask about coal piles and if you had any deliverability issues, and just if you could speak to that going into the summer.
Anthony J. Alexander: Okay. I think our stockpiles are about 24, 25 days right now. We would typically have about 30. So my sense is we probably had some -- experienced some issues this winter, but I wouldn't classify them as significant or overall substantial, the type of things that we typically see, although this winter was a little more challenging on the Ohio river than normal. So we're pretty comfortable with where our inventories are at and our ability to continue to build those as we move into the summer to then have adequate inventories as we move into next winter.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. Have you had to burn any gas in order to keep your coal piles at a certain level, or it's all been normal on that front?
Anthony J. Alexander: It's all been normal on the front.
James F. Pearson: This is Jim. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. For those of you who are still in the queue to ask a question, a member of the IR department will reach out to you. Our 3 core businesses, distribution, transmission and competitive energy services, provide us with the flexibility to capture value for our investors. Our first quarter results in our distribution and transmission businesses were within our expectations, and we are encouraged by continued signs of a more substantial economic recovery in our service area. And we will continue working to change the rules, policies and practices that currently create both negative reliability and price impacts in competitive markets, and we have taken action to mitigate the impact of current market conditions. We appreciate your continued support, and we remain committed to providing long-term value and sustainable growth. Thank you.
Anthony J. Alexander: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-25 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Meghan Beringer - Director, IR Tony Alexander - President & CEO Leila Vespoli - EVP, Markets, and Chief Legal Officer Jim Pearson - SVP, CFO Donny Schneider - President of First Energy Solutions John Taylor - VP, Controller & CAO Steven Staub - VP & Treasurer Irene Prezelj - VP, IR
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering and Holt Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Gregg Orrill - Barclays Paul Freemont - Jefferies  
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Meghan Beringer, Director of Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you, Ms. Beringer. You may begin.
Meghan Beringer:  Thank you, Christine, and good afternoon. Welcome to FirstEnergy's fourth quarter earnings call. First, please be reminded that during this conference call we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp are based on current expectations that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause the actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated report to the financial community which was released earlier today and is also available on our website under the earnings information and financial releases link. Today, we will be referring to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Reconciliations to GAAP earning from operating earnings are contained in the consolidated report, as well as on the investor information section on our website at www.firstenergycorp.com/ir. Please note that our annual report on Form 10-K is expected to be filed within the next several days. Participating in today's call, are Tony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President, Markets, and Chief Legal Officer; Jim Pearson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Donny Schneider, President of First Energy Solutions; John Taylor, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Steven Staub, Vice President and Treasurer; and Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations. Now, I will turn the call over to Tony Alexander.
Tony Alexander: Thank you, Meghan, and good afternoon everyone. I'm glad you could join us. I will start today's call with an overview of 2013 including our unaudited results and accomplishments. We will also take another look at our areas of focus for 2014 and the next several years. I will then turn the call over to Leila. In January, Leila took on an expanded role that now includes responsibility for our competitive business. So she will provide a power market outlook in addition to our normal update on regulatory developments. Finally, Jim will share a more detailed overview of the fourth quarter financial results and review our 2013 financial achievements. Then, he will discuss 2014 initiatives before turning the call over for questions. Okay. Let's get started. This morning, we announced operating earnings of $0.75 per share for the fourth quarter of 2013 and $3.04 per share for the full year at the upper end of our guidance which reflects our strong operating performance for the year. As you know, 2013 was a challenging year for the company as we took action to improve our financial position, lower our cost structure and position the company for more stable and predictable growth through our regulated holdings. And some of our key accomplishments included successfully implementing our financial plan which reduced our debt out of our competitive business by $1.5 billion, improved its credit metrics and strengthened its balance sheet. We reconfigured our generation, our competitive generation fleet and as a result reduced cost while retaining a mix of generating assets that is more cost effective, efficient and environmentally sound. We also successfully completed the Harrison and Pleasants' asset transfer, which is expected to help ensure reliable power for our Mon Power and Potomac Edison customers in West Virginia for many years to come. We deactivated the Hatfield and Mitchell plants. And we recently completed the sale of certain hydro units. Finally, we announced a long term growth strategy in our transmission business, targeting $4.2 billion in investments over the next four years. In combination these actions and others are repositioning the company's business profile to be far more focused on regulated operations. Respecting our business results for 2013, I will start with our competitive operations. During the year, contract sales at FirstEnergy Solutions increased 9% from 2012 to nearly 109 million megawatt-hours. Full year total generation output was nearly 93 million megawatt-hours, which is about a 4% decrease from 2012, and that largely reflects the smaller size of our competitive fleet that occurred during the calendar year 2013. Our Nuclear Fleet completed several significant achievements, including the successful installation of new low pressure turbines at both Perry and Beaver Valley Unit 1. These installations will increase our nuclear capacity by about 45 megawatts. Both Davis-Besse and Beaver Valley continue their overall strong and safe operating performance and Perry returned to the nuclear regulatory commissions routine levels oversight recognizing its improved operational and safety performance. We also completed a large volume of work at Davis-Besse to support a steam generator replacement project which began February 1st of 2014. Our Fossil Fleet also performed well. And after significant work to ensure the most economic approach to address upcoming environmental requirements we began installation of new emissions equipment at our units. Earlier this month, we received notice that PJM would discontinue the RMR arrangements for our Eastlake and Lake Shore Plants as of September 15, 2014, about six months ahead of schedule. As a result, we planned to deactivate those units later this year, which would leave us with one remaining RMR agreement for the Ashtabula plant which is a 244 megawatt facility and that agreement will run through April, 2015. We are moving forward with our plans to convert Eastlake's generating units to synchronous condensers that will improve good reliability through voltage regulation. The Unit 5 synchronizer was installed and became operational in 2013 and we expect to complete the conversion of units 1 through 4 by the summer of 2015. Leila will provide more insight into our committed sales and other expectations for 2014. But it is important to recognize that despite the unlevel playing field and competitive capacity in energy markets we continue to be a strong supplier of choice by customers. Moving now to review our Distribution business. During 2013, total distribution sales increased by 1%. We are encouraged by the slight growth in commercial sales of 0.5% on a weather adjusted basis, particularly because the commercial sector has not shown any meaningful recovery since the beginning of the recession. Residential sales were up slightly. But more importantly, we increased our residential customer count across the system. We now serve more customers than we did in 2007, which was the peak year of economic activity, pointing again to a growing customer base. Another bright spot is sales to industrial customers which were up a healthy 2%. This was primarily driven by manufacturing segments related to the shale gas in our region, as well as a slight pickup in the automotive sector. We are cautiously optimistic that we are seeing signs of more sustained recover in both the commercial and industrial sectors and that these are indicators of an economic intern that could help drive growth in our utility business. From a reliability standpoint, our utilities had a solid year in 2013 and we continue working to enhance our service to customers, particularly during severe weather. As an example, we recently implemented an incident command system to plan and manage our facilities, equipment, personnel and communications during storm events. In addition, during 2013, we completed our new transmission control center which is designed to make our current high level of transmission service reliability even better. The control center operates approximately two-thirds of the bulk transmission system and features the R-bulk transmission system and features the industries most advanced monitoring and operations technologies. Shifting now to our expectations for 2014 and the next few years. As we have said, we have significantly repositioned our business mix and earnings profile by turning our strategic focus to more predictable and sustainable growth through systematic investments in our core regulated businesses. We are targeting 80% or more of our earnings through regulated operations in 2014 and going forward. As you know, this morning we affirmed our 2014 operating earnings guidance of $2.45 to $2.85 per share including operating earnings guidance range for each of our segments. We also provided a first quarter operating earnings range of $0.35 to $0.45 per share, which includes the planned Davis-Besse extended refueling and steam generator replacement outage that started on February 1st, as well as our estimates for the impact of extreme weather. We intend to set a relatively conservative course over the next few years that is focused on taking advantage of well defined and attainable opportunities. In our utility business, while we anticipate only modest load growth of above 0.6% in 2014 with most of that coming from the industrial sector, our service area is soluble positioned to benefit from further development in the Marcellus and Utica shale fields and the manufacturing growth that should accompany that development. My sense is that when this area success for an attracting a cracker plant it will stimulate and accelerate the manufacturing expansion potential in our service area. And while economic strength is the most critical engine for distribution growth, we also continue to prepare for rate cases that will be filed in West Virginia in April and potential cases in Pennsylvania later this year. These efforts are expected to produce associated modest earnings growth for our utility companies over time. In our Transmission business, consistent with our announcement late last year, we are starting to move forward with the $4.2 billion in capital expenditures through the 2014 to 2017 timeframe. These investments are expected o support continued system reliability and enhance service to our customers while driving much of our growth over the next several years. We will initially focus on investments in axing on the 69 KB system and above in Ohio and Pennsylvania and certain other projects in Trioco, both of which received formula rate recovery. With the introduction of this transmission growth program, we expect to begin to see an uptick in our result from this business over the next two years followed by a more significant earnings contribution starting in 2016. Well, these planned investments in growth will take some time to fully execute, we remain committed to creating value to our significant and diverse asset base. We appreciate your support. Now, I will turn over to Leila for regulatory and power markets update. Leila?
Leila Vespoli: Thanks, Tony. I will start with an update of the status of several matters in New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Ohio before moving to a high level look at FirstEnergy Solutions and developments in our region's power market. Starting with New Jersey, yesterday we signed and filed a settlement agreement with board staff in rate council to permit recovery in base rates of $736 million of JCP&L, $744 million of cost related to the significant weather events of 2011 and 2012. The agreement upon which no other party took a position to oppose or support is now pending approval before the board of public utilities. Of course, we still do have a base rate case pending in New Jersey. Hearings have concluded and we filed a reply brief rate in this case yesterday. We expect resolution of the base rate case within the next four months. Let's turn to Pennsylvania for an update and the transmission service charge rider, which relates to the recovery of $254 million in marginal transmission losses and associated carrying costs for the June, 2007 through March, 2008 period. As you know, we completed the process of refunding Met-Ed and Penelec customers in this case last spring and we recognized an impairment for this item in our third quarter financial statement after the US District Court dismissed our proceeding. However, we continue to believe in the merits of our position and during the fourth quarter we appealed to the third circuit. Briefs have been filed and oral argument has been scheduled for April 9. Moving now to Ohio, in December, the public utilities commission denied our re-hearing request for recovery of $43 million of renewable energy credit purchased to comply with Ohio's renewable energy portfolio standard. On December 24th, we filed the notice of appeal and motion for stay of the PUCL order with the Supreme Court of Ohio. The court granted our stay on February 10. I should also note that two additional parties that filed the case, the Office of Consumers' Counsel and the Environmental Law and Policy Center. We expect briefing will occur through the spring, but we do not expect an opinion from the court this year. Ohio's polar auction that took place on January 28 resulted in a clearing price of $55.83 for a one year product and $68.31 for a two year product for the delivery period starting June, 2014. FES own five one-year projects and two two-year projects in this auction. These results are blended with previous auctions to establish retail generation rates starting June 1, 2014 and will affect certain of our retail rate. Significantly, these prices are about $5 and $8 higher than the auction that took place in October and would indicate that bidders are beginning to allow for some additional risk premium. Respecting our competitive business, FirstEnergy Solutions increased its retail base by approximately 100,000 customers during 2013 and now serves about 2.7 million customers. Going forward, we intent to be more selective in our sales strategy in response to market environment and our smaller generating fleet. In fact, on February 12, we completed the previous announced sale of 527 megawatts of competitive hydro assets for approximately $395 million. We expect our fleet to produce 77 million megawatt-hours and our sales strategy targets 99 million megawatt-hours this year. Consistent with our glide path we are well hedged with 94 million megawatt-hours, currently committed for 2014. And looking ahead we have booked 52 million megawatt-hours for 2015 and 29 million megawatt-hours for 2016, with a substantial portion of these sales in government aggregation and polar channel. These sales are on track with a lower end of our glide path and should allow us to take advantage of any increases in market and energy prices that may occur in that time frame. Now let me take a moment to discuss in more detail the extreme weather in our region over the past months and in January in particular that impacted our competitive retail supply business. We incurred increased purchase power expense related to higher than forecast, customer usage during several extreme weather periods, as well as additional energy necessary to replace unit availability. Beaver Valley Unit 1 was not operating from most of January while we have replaced the main transformer. We were fortunate to have a spare on plant site. And we also experience some other unplanned powerful unit outages and delays. We also expect to see increased PJM charges for ancillary expenses in the first quarter of 2014, the majority of which we expect to recover for retail customers. These expenses includes synchronous and operating reserves which are necessary for reliability and socialize across the load-serving entities based on load share. PJM is still accessing the January settlement data and we plan to provide a more detailed update during our first quarter earnings call in early May. The situation with market power prices in January was a product of base load generation that was stretched to its limit and exasperated by gas units that were impacted by constrain gas transmission and high spot trading prices. Together with others in our industry, we will continue to diligently focus on advocating for reforms that are necessary to assure that the PJM market is in a position to provide reliable power and stable prices to customers. Now I will turn to call over to Jim.
Jim Pearson:  Thanks, Leila. Let's move right into our financial results. You may want to refer to the consolidated report which was issued this morning and is available on our website. As Tony mentioned earlier, our fourth quarter operating earnings of $75 per share were at the higher end of our expectations, these results compared fourth quarter 2012 operating earnings of $80 per share. On a GAAP basis, this year's unaudited fourth quarter earnings were $34 per share, compared to a loss of $35 per share last year. The full list and special items that make up the $41 per share difference between GAAP and operating earnings can be found on page 4 of the consolidated report. Most significant of these are a charge of $51 per share related to the transfer of our Harrison and Pleasants plants in West Virginia, a $14 per share charge related to plant deactivation cost associated with a closure of fossil units, and regulator charges of $12 per share. These were partially offset by a gain of $38 per share related to our annual pension and OPEB mark-to-market adjustment which benefited from a higher discount rate. Other special items for the fourth quarter include trust securities impairment of $0.02 per share, non-core assets impairments of $0.02 per share, a decrease of $0.02 per share related to merger accounting for commodity contracts and a gain of $0.04 per share for other mark-to-market adjustments. Let's move now to review of our business results. In our distribution business, higher revenues increased fourth quarter earnings by $0.05 per share as total distribution deliveries increased 4% or 1.4 million megawatt-hours, compared to the fourth quarter of 2012. On the Residential and Commercial side, the gains during the quarter were largely weather driven with colder winter temperatures driving 3% increases in both residential and commercial sales. Adjusted for weather, residential sales were essentially flat while commercial sales were up slightly. And as Tony said, this continued a positive trend from the third quarter which comes on a yields of a very long period of no commercial growth. Looking at industrial deliveries, sales increased 6%, compared to the fourth quarter of 2012 driven again by shale gas activity in the field sector, as well as continued growth among our automotive customers. Reiterating Tony's comments a few minutes ago, our outlook for low growth remains cautious but these are bright signs relative to what we have seen in the year since the recession began. To provide more transparency in our distribution business and as a result of the Harrison plant asset transfer in the fourth quarter, we are providing operating margin at our regulated generation business which increased earnings by $0.02 per share in the fourth quarter. Moving to commodity margin and our competitive business. Commodity margin decreased earnings by $0.09 per share, compared to the fourth quarter of 2012 and total competitive generation output decreased by 3.3 million megawatt-hours in the quarter. Fuel expense was lower in the quarter, helping to offset the higher purchase power cost that result from the Hatfield and the Mitchell plant closures, the Harrison transfer and increased contract sales. Contract sales increased 2.3 million megawatt-hours compared to the fourth quarter of 2012. Looking at each of our channels structured sales nearly doubled compared to the fourth quarter of 2012 due to higher municipal, cooperative and bilateral sales. Governmental aggregation sales increased 10%, largely reflecting further expansion into Illinois where we have side 108 new communities since the fourth quarter of last year. Marketing campaigns in Pennsylvania, Ohio and Illinois resulted in a 27% increase in mass market sales. Direct sales to large and medium size commercial and industrial customers increased 2%, reflecting service to more customers in Central and Southern Ohio. Other drivers of commodity margin include, higher capacity revenues, increased capacity expense in transmission cost and lower wholesale sales. Looking at the other drivers of fourth quarter results, higher O&M expense decreased earnings by $0.06 per share. This primarily reflects more normal operations expense in 2013 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2012 during which much of our workforce was involved in storm recovery activities. Finally, lower interest expense impacted results by $0.01 per share and investment income increased earnings by $0.02 per share, mostly from higher nuclear decommissioning trust income and higher earnings from our investment in Signal Peak.  As Tony mentioned in his open remarks, one of our key achievements in 2013 was strengthening the credit metrics and balance sheets of our operating companies. We achieved this through the successful execution of the financial plan that we outlined early in the year. I will take a moment to walk you through the highlights of these activities. We issued $1.5 billion in FE Corp long term notes at a very attractive interest rate. We significantly improve credit metrics at our competitive business through a $1.5 billion equity infusion from FirstEnergy Corp combined with $1.5 billion in debt reduction and FES and allocating energy supply. And we extended the maturity of our existing credit facilities to May, 2018 and increased the First Energy utilities facility by $500 million, and we also strengthened the balance sheets of our utilities through our efforts to refinance debt reduce short term borrowings and through securitization in Ohio. Through this series of actions, we successfully improved the balance sheet of both our competitive and regulated businesses and enhanced consolidated liquidity. We remain committed to investment grade credit metrics at each of our businesses. Beginning in 2014, we are entering a capital intensive period with expenditures estimated at $3.3 billion this year, primarily due to the increased transmission investments. Over the next several years we intend to fund the transmission expansion program through a combination of debt, previously announced equity issuances through the stock investment and employee benefit plans and cash. And while we expect our competitive operations to be cash flow positive, we intend to minimize other investments in our competitive business during this period, with a notable exception as a planned work to extend the life of our nuclear units and environmental compliance in our fossil units. We will continue to look for opportunities to further reduce our costs while preserving the flexibility to create and take advantage of opportunities to move forward with more predictable and stable growth. Now I will ask the operator to open the line to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: First, I just wanted to clarify your comments on the first quarter guidance if you could. Could you provide a little bit more clarity in terms of how much of the year-on-year impact is from the outages and perhaps also how much is impacted from the latest weather, if you will, versus plan when you release '14 guidance?
Tony Alexander: Julien, in the main, I mean, as you look through the year, you got to remember that in part the first quarter would not have only affected by the Davis-Besse outage, which is scheduled for basically all of February and all of March; losing Beaver Valley was also impacting that January timeframe. So the first quarter is going to be impacted by that probably more than we would have expected, but about in the same range as where we were originally anticipating. As you think about the year, however, the growth in earnings from the segment were rising as time went on. For example, the capacity revenue in the first quarter of this year is about $27 a megawatt a day or whatever that is. Starting in June it goes to $126 per megawatt a day. So there is a very large impact on capacity revenues quarter to quarter as you move through this timeframe. Also, when we talk about the annual guidance over the year need to think about the transmission investments that we are making in the earnings that arise from the -- when you start those expenditures in January they grow over time. And as they are placed in service in the later part of the year, those earnings tend to be more tail end loaded than front end loaded in this overall timeframe. So while the first quarter with expectations are probably little lower than what people would have thought normally just by dividing by four they're not too far off of what we would have otherwise expected.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: And so perhaps just to summarize, how do you think about your net exposure ultimately to the latest volatility on pricing? Was it net benefit or net reduction I mean, sort of excluding the impact of the Beaver Valley outage?
Tony Alexander: Julien, we are going to go through all this stuff when we get to the first quarter timeframe. We are only through one month of the first quarter. But obviously, when you have the type of weather we had, we had more sales on both the competitor side and the utility side in January than we otherwise would have anticipated. And obviously with the extension of the Beaver Valley outage part of which we have already talked about earlier I think, this year towards the end of last -- earlier this year, that had an impact. And clearly there the prices were somewhat higher than we would otherwise anticipated and we are also seeing some PJM costs that are a little higher than we would have anticipated, but we don’t have the final bills on all of those things yet. So I think at this point that the best way to look at it is that from a company perspective, guidance range is the same and segment ranges are the same. So how they shake out during the year and the actions we will take offsetting one way or the other, will take place naturally as it always does during a year when you are dealing with multiple issues.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neel Mitra with Tudor, Pickering and Holt. Please proceed with your question.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering and Holt: Hi, good morning, I just had another question on maybe the retail exposure. When you look at super peak periods, do you typically used the FE fleet with peakers to serve that demand or do you usually go out into the spot market to procure some of that, but I know that you are fleet is more heavily weighted towards the base load than the peaking generation. So just wanted to know how you handle that going forward?
Donny Schneider: Neel, this is Donny. We rely heavily on our fleet as you know but we also utilize call options and purchase power as need be. If the fleets running flat out the way per design, we are pretty well hedged; we don’t have to rely much on the spot market.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering and Holt: Okay. So, I'm trying to understand this just a little bit better. Is the exposure that you incurred in Q1 as a result of some of your base load plants being out on an unplanned outage and you being forced buy power or was it from kind of the spot power that you would buy from the peaking transaction side of it?
Donny Schneider: Yes, I think as Leila and Tony both said, obviously we at the Beaver Valley outage that was almost the entire month. In addition, to that while in aggregate for the month our fissile fleet ran pretty well, we did have some outages at our Mansfield plant that occurred in inopportune times, specifically when there was a very coldest weather and the prices were the very highest. So having to buy to replace for those outages was expensive.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering and Holt: 
 :
Leila Vespoli:  Neel, so we are still looking in that but I would imagine when we file we would file the cases that we are going to file this year at one point in time. But as to the particular utilities, I am not prepared to say right now. Obviously, we would want to talk to folks in Pennsylvania and tee that up before announcing that publicly.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering and Holt: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Hey, good afternoon. I guess we may -- we try to understand that the guidance question maybe little better, so I apologize for repeating this to death. But if you assume normal weather for the three quarters of the year as you would have light up the plan when you guy revised it for the year, where would you guys fallout within the $2.45 to $2.85 range?
Toney Alexander: 
Steve?:
Steven Staub: Dan, I think if I understand your question you are trying to find out where we would fall between the two goalposts, $2.45 to $2.85?
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse:  Right.
Steven Staub: I think we are at -- and as way I see it right now, although we had some extreme weather and had some higher cost there is other items that we have identified that would help offset that. Take -- one example would be the higher prices than we originally expected would happen in the Ohio auction. So I am pretty comfortable that we are still right in the same range that we talked about on the last call.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse:  Okay. So you are comfortable in the middle of the range, so this is -- the first quarter variants was within your plan?
Steven Staub: Yeah, I am still comfortable that we are at the same place within our range, yes.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then, I guess on a New Jersey, the -- can you just give me that data once going on with the CTA and you are kind of where that JCP and all rate case gets done with that issue still outstanding?
Leila Vespoli:  Okay. So a lot of moving pieces and parts in Jersey. So with the settlement of the storm case, we roughly -- with respect to the $7.5 million that roughly makeover $1.5 million in revenue requirement. So while the settlement deals with the prudence, if you will, of those dollars, what it does not settle is whether the 2012 storm dollars are going to go back into the rate case. If you recall the BPU had indicated that 2011 storm cost would go back. And so, roughly according to our approach and how you would look at the storm cost roughly -- the revenue requirement roughly $23 million would go back into the base rate case. And we are now briefing as to whether the 2012 storm cost should go back in. But if you think about the commission's or the BPU's original order establishing the test year, they established the 2000 test year but also included any out of period measurable changes that were shown to be prudent, were major in nature in consequence and that were quantified though proof and had reliable data. I think the 2012 storm cost fit all those categories, so I think we have a very good argument to pull those strong cost back into the base rate case. Where we stand with respect to that, with five briefs have been filed. ALJ has 45 days to issue their decision, his decision and there is no extension, reply exceptions are generated around 30 days and the BPU may be another 30 or 60 days. With respect to the CTA, I would have love to have position paper by the staff. Unfortunately, that did not come out prior to the briefs in the rate case and staff took a position that was consistent with the BPUs order which said that until we have an ultimate decision in the CTA generic proceeding, we were going to continue with what their prior position had been. So that essentially was they were negative with respect to us and the CTA. So will I still would like to see an order coming out of the commission with respect to the generic proceeding in the CTA, it is definitely on a slower path than I would have anticipated.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse:  I mean is there a chance that CTA you can get done before the case gets done and if it is not getting done is there a way to just slow down your case and hopes it does get resolved because it is not an inconsequential issue?
Leila Vespoli:  You are correct. It is not an inconsequential issue, it is roughly $56 million in revenue requirement and roughly would negate about a quarter of the rate base. So just looking at it from that perspective shows the gross and fairness of applying a CTA adjustment in this case. I would hope that BPU would look at that. The fact that JCP already has the lowest rate in the state of New Jersey, which again further exasperates the consequence of that. But right now, we need the staff to issue an order and I have not seen a timeline for that to happen. Ultimately, if the BPU should be issue an order and should be negative in terms of not providing further the CTA in appropriate manner, our option would be file another rate case. And by that time the decision on the next case, I believe we should have a resolution of the generic case. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from a line of Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Just a quick financial. First, on the competitive segment, the interest expense around $35 million, the full capitalization in fourth quarter, is that a reasonable run rate going forward or is there something else going in there? Have we kind of found the new level with the all the repositioning of the balance sheet?
Tony Alexander: Yes, I think it would generally be slightly higher than that, Jonathan. You might recall we called in one pollution control note, that was about $230 some million and we had a about $10 million favorable interest that Dutchman associated it with that.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank:  In 4Q and specifically in competitive?
Tony Alexander:  Yes, that generally grow the $0.01 improvement in earnings that I talked about.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: There is a number from third quarter, probably a better level?
Tony Alexander: Yes, I would say that is correct, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank:  Okay, great. Thank you. And then, I missed the number you had on the hedging for 2015, would you mind repeating that? I apologize. I think I got 94 in '14 and 29 in 16.
Steven Staub:  That was in years later, was it?
Unidentified Company Speaker:  56?
Tony Alexander: Yes, we have 52 million megawatt-hours in 2015 Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And is this as of right now or is that as of end of the year?
Tony Alexander:  That is current right now.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank:  Okay. And so, you talked about being at the lower end of the glide path and to be positioning yourselves to take advantage of moves. We have seen some moves, particularly in the winter pricing in '15 and to an extent in '16. Can you tall at all about kind of what you have, how you -- what you have been hedging? Are you kind of locking in any about seasonality or just generally trying to stay as open as you can given the increased volatility we've seen in the market? 
Donny Schneider:  Jonathan, this is Donny. We have not really tried to position it for seasonality up to this point. Generally, what happens is the customers are going to buy to lineup with the planning here so to speak. So it is not unusual for a customer to want to buy June through May or perhaps though by on a calendar year, but to this point we have not seen much customer demand for kind of a seasonal -- not say we won't be looking at that but at this point we have not have that opportunity. 
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank:  Great. Thank you very much guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe: Yeah. Hi, good afternoon.
Tony Alexander:  Hi, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe: Hi, Tony. I guess this question might be for Leila. I think you mention the PJM ancillary cost that some of those get pass through the customers?
Leila Vespoli:  Yes.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe:  Is that just in certain states or how does that work? How do we know which areas get pass through or not?
Leila Vespoli: It is pursuant to contract in a specific language within the contract so it is not a state by state kind of thing, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe:  Okay. So it is certain types of your customer classes? 
Leila Vespoli:  In?
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe: In a retail business?
Leila Vespoli: It is not even the same throughout particular classes.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe: Okay.
Leila Vespoli: It is as that contract language was developed for that particular customer or grouping of customer. So there is no way I can even give it to you by segment.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe:  Okay. So some of the cause when you get this data come up will be cause that you absorb but some of those would be available to essentially pass through your contracts to the customers?
Leila Vespoli: Correct.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe: And in the future, do most of your contracts have that clause, so new ones do or not older ones or vice versa?
Leila Vespoli:  I think it would be safe to say that we are going to be adding that language where we can in the future.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe: Got it. Okay. Thank you. Just want to clarify that.
Leila Vespoli: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley: I wanted to just explore retail margins in the out years and just given the kind of volatility that we are seeing I think on some of your prepared remarks you talked briefly that maybe recognition of greater volatility being reflected in markets. But just curious, if you could talk at a high level to given the kind of volatility you are seeing? Is that impacting how you see the margin potential on the retail side events?
Donny Schneider: Yes, Steven this is Donny. I think especially if you look at like the Ohio polar auction and you can see that those prices are up substantially, I think that's reflective of the volatility. Obviously, as we move forward and price new contracts on the retail side, we will begin the higher volatility so they will naturally drive the margins up, if you will.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Understood, and just relating to that volatility topic, given the kind of volatility we have seen, is that caused you to think further about through the right size or role of the retail position in terms of the target gigawatt hours or you sort of comfortable where you are?
Tony Alexander : Steven, I think you are always looking at where your right level of sales are and, in part, it's driven by what the market provides or delivers to you. If customers are willing to pay the risk premium associated with carrying the volatility in the market then I suspect you will see retail sales at certain levels if customers are not anticipating paying that, but I would expect it would be a just to (inaudible) because the cost don't go away from a volatility stand point. And some point the market is going to have to period. And at the end it's going to be whether or not it is going to be from a customer stand point or ultimately at that point whether or not a retail market for customers exists in the same format that we see it today. We are already seeing the impact of variable pricing on not only industrial customer for residential and commercial customers that have chosen that path whether or not they stay in that environment over a long period of time is if volatility continues to be a issue in the market and my own sense is that perhaps it will given the structure of it we could see some very different forms of retail contracts.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley: Can you just speak, Tony, maybe a little further to those different forms of retail contracts that you are (inaudible)?
Tony Alexander: Well, like Donny said, there could be more adjustment clauses in them, there could be more risk add it to fix contractor. There is a whole series of things that could be put in place to try to mitigate or address those types of differing issues.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Steven, this is (inaudible). The list that Tony just gave one of the things that you clearly look at is tolerance bands. What we are seeing today in the marketplace any customer that had decided to go to an hourly kind of product they are already calling us and wanting something different because they were obviously hit high prices in the month of January.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley: I see and so some of your customers are seeking that reduce that risk, we'll just have to see the degree to which they are willing to paid to get that risk protection.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Okay.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just quickly following up on Steve's question with respect to the ancillary service cost, you guys mentioned that there was still some settlement and settlement billing that had to be coming out of PJM and we're going to January and February and obviously I guess March coming up, but any sense that we might see in terms of if there is any variation with this or any quantitative numbers that we might be talking about that some range in terms of exposure here or?
Leila Vespoli: I can tell you with respect to kind of global PJM and ancillary resources and again these are parsed out on load ratio share. Just kind of order of magnitude for ancillary services the billing throughout PJM for January 2014 equaled the charge for ancillary services for all of 2013.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Which is how much? Roughly speaking not putting on the spot, if you don't have it that's okay. I just -- 
Leila Vespoli: $800 million.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I'm sorry, could you repeat that?
Leila Vespoli: $800 million.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: $800 million?
Tony Alexander: That's PJM total, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: No, I got you. Okay. But you guys do with your contracting and everything and you are hedging that you guys have been able to really mitigate the exposure to this stuff, correct? I mean, if I understood you guys correctly right? It's all in guidance other words.
Tony Alexander: We are working through that process right now on a contract by contract basis and we work with PJM to make sure that the buildings that also got (inaudible) charge to us are appropriate.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Fair enough. And then just finally on the Ohio alternative energy monitor that $40 million is there any ongoing exposure other than that which you guys are fighting, which you guys are going to court on? Is there any other exposure going forward that we should think about with respect to that at all?
Leila Vespoli: No, I don't believe so.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gregg Orrill with Barclays. Please proceed with you question.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays: On Davis-Besse, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the scope of the work around the unplanned concrete fixtures during the current outage and kind of the level of correspondence that's required with the MRC?
Tony Alexander: I will try to give you as much as I can. Gregg. Don't hold me as being the expert on this at this point. I have briefed a couple of times, but we will go through the process, we believe that what we found is that structurally significant to the overall shields integrity. And it is fixable in the upcoming when we actually close the opening. It primarily resulted, if I understand it correctly primarily resulted because this was a -- it was left in a more temporary position with framing still in place on the back side, because we knew we're going to cut it again in a year. What happened is that it didn't completely settle into all areas and so there were some gaps. We think it's fixable fairly straightforward inside the scope of the timeframe of this outage.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays: Thank you.
Tony Alexander: Operator, Christine, we will take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Paul Freemont with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Freemont - Jefferies: Thank you. Just point a clarification on the JCPL case is if the 12 costs are not included in the GRC, would they be included in whatever the NJBPU decision is in the generic proceeding or would you have to wait for a whole new rate case to include those costs?
Leila Vespoli: The answer is unknown. The BPU left open the possibility of another mechanism for recovery unspecified in nature. So obviously we would prefer something that gives us more immediate recovery even if it's not included within the current base rate case that's in front of the BPU right now, but as kind of an outside bookings to think about if they weren't included, if things didn't go on our way we would be filing another rate case basically on the heels of this decision and we would get those costs included in that case.
Paul Freemont - Jefferies: Okay. And the second question is of the $736 million of costs that you identified how much of that would essentially represent an increase in the rate base of the company?
Leila Vespoli: The $736 million is all (inaudible) represent it is all rate base.
Paul Freemont - Jefferies: But I guess some of it is going to be the recovering (inaudible)
Leila Vespoli: I'm sorry -- 
Tony Alexander: Let us give that number for you. I think the rate base numbers in the $400 million range -- 
Leila Vespoli: Its $407 million in capital and $329 million in deferred.
Tony Alexander: You got that?
Leila Vespoli: Sorry about that. Okay.
Paul Freemont - Jefferies: Okay. So essentially it's $407 million of increased rate base?
Tony Alexander: Yes, that would be the capital fees. That's right, Paul.
Paul Freemont - Jefferies: Okay. And you would be able to earn a full return equity or full weighted average cost to capital return on that $407 million, right?
Tony Alexander: We should, yes.
Paul Freemont - Jefferies: Okay. Thank you very much.
Tony Alexander: Thanks Paul. I like to thank everybody for joining us today. We appreciate your continued support and we remain committed to providing long time value and sustainable growth. Bye now.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-05 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Meghan Beringer Anthony J. Alexander - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President and General Counsel James F. Pearson - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Donald R. Schneider - Principal Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Meghan Beringer, Director, Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you, Ms. Behringer, you may begin.
Meghan Beringer: Thank you, Melissa, and good afternoon. Welcome to FirstEnergy's third quarter earnings call. First, please be reminded that during this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp. are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause the actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated report to the financial community, which was released earlier today and is also available on our website under the Earnings Release link. Today, we will be referring to operating earnings, which are non-GAAP financial measures previously referenced as normal as non-GAAP earnings. Reconciliations to GAAP for operating earnings are contained in the consolidated report, as well as on the investor information section on our website at www.firstenergycorp.com/ir. Participating in today's call are Tony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; Jim Pearson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Donny Schneider, President of FirstEnergy Solutions; Jon Taylor, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Steve Staub, Vice President and Treasurer; and Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations. Now I will turn the call over to Tony Alexander.
Anthony J. Alexander: Thank you, Meghan, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm glad you could join us. This morning, we announced third quarter operating earnings of $0.94 per share in line with our expectations, and we narrowed the 2013 operating earnings range to $2.90 to $3.10 per share, maintaining the midpoint of $3 per share from our previous guidance of $2.85 to $3.15 per share. While there were a host of small items, some positive, some negative, the narrowing of the guidance primarily reflects that weather has essentially been neutral so far this year. Jim will provide a more detailed overview of the third quarter financial results, as well as an update on our cost control initiatives and financial plan we outlined earlier this year. Leila will provide an overview of regulatory developments. My comments today will focus on the actions we're taking to strategically reposition the company and improve its overall business profile. We've always said that one of our greatest strengths, is the diversity of our assets. Our mix of operations, as well as the size and scope of each of our 3 businesses provide the flexibility to capitalize on opportunities, while mitigating risk and we are using that flexibility to improve our business profile. I'll spend the next few minutes walking you through the actions we've taken to reduce our exposure to power markets, control costs and turn our strategic focus to more predictable and sustainable growth through systematic investments in our core regulated businesses. As you know, our competitive operations have been challenged not by operational performance, but by capacity in energy markets that do not support investment in, or in some instances, the operation of generating units. While we can debate for reasons this is occurring, the fact is, power prices have been weak for the last couple of quarters and we may be facing continued soft power prices for at least the next several years. As a result, we began to reposition our competitive business in 2012 and now through a series of even more aggressive actions have better positioned this business for the future. For example, we have reduced the size and mix of the fleet by closing and selling competitive units. Last month, we closed the Hatfield and Mitchell Power plants and we expect to complete the sale of certain hydro assets later this year. In addition, we completed the Harrison and Pleasants transfer this quarter. Once the RMR units are deactivated, our competitive fleet will be a little more than 13,000 megawatts. This is about the same size as our fleet prior to the Allegheny merger, but it's a much stronger platform of units, more environmentally controlled and more efficient overall. As a result of these actions, we reset our annual retail sales target to about 100 million-megawatt hours, which fits into our overall strategy to sell at retail about 25% more than our fleet produces. We also significantly decreased our competitive cost structure. Annual operating expenses have been reduced through our continued focus on managing fuel costs and O&M expense. And more importantly, our projected capital spending in the generation group over the next several years has been reduced by more than $1 billion through our recent actions. This includes additional reductions in our expected spend for compliance with Mercury and Air Toxics Standards , which is now at $465 million across the entire generation fleet, with only an estimated $240 million at our competitive units. The majority of the remaining capital will be invested in projects to extend the life of our nuclear assets, with new steam generators at Davis-Besse in 2014 and new steam generators and reactor head at Beaver Valley 2 in 2017. Finally, we expect to reduce debt by $1.9 billion this year. And as a result, significantly strengthened the balance sheet and improved our credit metrics. Through these initiatives, we have changed the character of our competitive generating fleet by reducing both risk and costs. And now we expect our competitive business to be cash flow positive over the next 3 years. While we will discuss the outlook for the competitive business in more detail at the EEI Financial Conference, the accumulative effect of these actions also puts us in a position to maintain investment-grade credit metrics over that period and retain the ability to take advantage of improving market conditions, or market rule changes that begin to recognize the value of baseload assets, diversity of supply and reliability. More importantly, the repositioning of our competitive operations shifts our earnings profile, with regulated operations representing about 80% of operating earnings this year and increasing, especially when coupled with the growth initiatives at the regulated businesses over time. Now let's turn to a closer look at our regulated initiatives, starting with the distribution business. On the utility side, as you know, we have an active rate case in New Jersey and expect to file in West Virginia by April 2014. We are also looking for near and mid-term opportunities to accelerate the modernization and efficiency of our utility distribution system, including smart meters in order to continue to enhance reliability to customers. These efforts are expected to produce additional rate base growth and associated modest earnings growth for our 10 operating companies over time. Overall, however, growth in our utility business will be primarily tied to economic conditions. While we have been experience only modest demand growth over the last couple of years from the very low points following the beginning of the recession, we believe we are now seeing the early signs of a sustained recovery. But we are cautiously optimistic that our service area will begin to again see the robust growth associated with manufacturing expansion. The signs of growth in industrial sales over the first 9 months of this year are encouraging, particularly the activity associated with shale gas in our region. Already, shale gas-related sales have resulted in 400 megawatts of new industrial demand in addition and an additional 500 megawatts of planned expansions at customer facilities. These projects are expected to result in nearly 4% industrial growth over the next 2 years. In addition, we see a robust pipeline of midstream projects with opportunities for an additional 4 million-megawatt hours of growth through 2018. And as these gas fields are more fully developed, the opportunity for additional manufacturing expansion could further accelerate growth. While we are optimistic about these opportunities in our distribution business, the majority of our growth over the next several years will come from investments in transmission. As we told you earlier, the transmission opportunity within the FirstEnergy footprint is in excess of $7 billion. So this is a near-term and importantly, a continuing platform for stable and predicable growth. And as part of our repositioning efforts, we will begin to increase our investment in our transmission business. Last week, our Board of Directors approved as a part of our energizing the future program, a new multiyear $2.8 billion incremental investment in a transmission reliability excellence plan. The plan includes additional transmission investments above current plans, which are expected to be about $500 million in 2014, growing to about $700 million in 2015 and about $800 million in both 2016 and 2017. This program will begin with investment primarily in ATSI, but will ultimately extend throughout our service area. We currently expect to fund these investments with a combination of debt and equity. These projects include rebuilding lines and equipment to improve reliability and reduce future maintenance costs, enhancing and expanding communication networks to harden the system and increasing system capacity to meet the service level and reliability requirements of our customers. We will provide a more detailed multiyear view of our expectations, including our planned investments, financing plans and growth opportunities in the transmission business and our outlook for the competitive business at EEI next week. Slide deck will be posted through our website on Sunday morning and I will be making a presentation Tuesday morning. For those of you who are not attending the event, a live webcast of my remarks will be available on our website. To close, the cumulative impact of our actions has been to reposition this company. These actions have resulted in a reduction of our exposure and risk to power markets, while simultaneously increasing growth through our regulated operations. And we expect that our regulated operations will represent a growing percentage of earnings, and more importantly, our overall growth, with the end result being an improved business profile. Our team will continue to look at every facet of our business to identify further opportunities to lower our costs, minimize exposure to risk and create value to our shareholders. And I am very excited about the opportunities as we position this company for the future. Now I'll turn it over to Leila for a regulatory update. Leila?
Leila L. Vespoli: Thanks, Tony. This has been a busy period in our regulated service area and I will update you on the status of several matters in West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Ohio and New Jersey. In West Virginia, we achieved a settlement in August with the majority of the parties through our generation transaction involving the Harrison power station and received an order from the Public Service Commission of West Virginia on October 7, approving the transaction with certain conditions. On October 9, the company has accepted the conditions and the transaction closed. Mon Power sold its approximate 8% share of the Pleasants Power Station for about $73 million to Allegheny Energy Supply and Allegheny Energy Supply sold its approximate 80% share of Harrison to Mon Power at a book value of $1.2 billion. The transaction resulted in a net purchase price of about $1.1 billion to Allegheny Energy Supply, and Mon Power's assumption of a $73.5 million pollution control notes. The settlement also provided for a reduction of approximately $330 million to the West Virginia rate base valuation of Harrison. Mon Power now has 100% ownership of the Harrison power station. This transaction preserve the opportunity to use locally mined coal, sustaining employments and benefiting the regional economy. The terms of the agreement also require the filing of base rate case in West Virginia for Mon Power and the Potomac Edison, no later than April 30, 2013. We also continue to evaluate the opportunity for additional rate cases across our service territories to help insure timely recovery of our investment. Let's turn now to Pennsylvania. In September, the U.S. district court granted the public -- Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission motion to dismiss the Met-Ed and Penelec proceedings on the recovery of $254 million and marginal transmission losses and associated carrying charges through the transmission service charge writer. We disagree with this ruling and filed a notice of appeal with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit on October 29. We completed the process of refunding customers in May, but in light of the district court's September ruling, we recognized the impairment for this item in the third quarter financial statement. Also in Pennsylvania, Met-Ed, Penelec, Penn Power and West Penn Power filed as a default service plan with the PA, PUC yesterday. The plan outlines the method by which the companies will procure the supply for their default service obligations for the period of June 2015 through May 2017. The company's programs call for quarterly descending clock auctions to procure a 3, 12, 24 and 48-month energy contracts, as well as 1 RFP seeking 2-year contracts to secure a solar renewable energy credits from Met-Ed, Penelec and Penn Power. The company's expected decision from the PA, PUC within 9 months. In Ohio, the state Senate introduced substitute Senate Bill 58, which is aimed at modifying the energy efficiency provisions originally passed in 2008 under Senate Bill 221. The bill sponsor, Senator Bill Sykes, is presiding over a series of hearings and is pushing to get these modifications passed into law by the end of this year. The House of Representatives has also introduced a companion bill, House Bill 302, with committee hearings now underway. This path, Senate Bill 58 would set a spending limitation on the cost state-mandated energy efficiency programs in future years, clarify the energy efficiency measures that may count toward meeting the benchmarks and give our largest customers the ability to opt out of mandated programs and pursue their own energy efficiency programs. The bill has the support of every Ohio and owned investor utility and has broad breed support from larger business community, including the Ohio Chamber of Commerce and union groups, including the Affiliated Construction Trades, IBEW and Ohio ironworkers. In addition, the Industrial Energy Users of Ohio, Ohio Energy Group, Ohio Steel Council and more than 350 independent job creators and economic development groups across Ohio have voiced their support. Finally in Ohio, the POLR auction that took place on October 22 resulted in a clearing price for a 1-year product of $50.91 per megawatt-hour and a clearing price for 2-year product of $59.99 per megawatt-hour for the delivery period starting in June 2014. These results will be delighted [ph] with previous auctions and 1 remaining auction to establish retail generation rates from June 1, 2014, through May 31, 2015. In New Jersey, a prehearing order was recently issued setting forth the procedural schedule for JCP&L storm cost generic proceeding. Evidentiary hearings will be held in January regarding the amount and prudency of the 2011 and 2012 major storm costs. Hearings on our base rate case are scheduled to continue through mid-November. We still expect resolution of the base rate case by the first or second quarter of 2014. Also in New Jersey, the United States district court for the District of New Jersey recently ruled that New Jersey's long-term capacity agreement pilot program, El Cap[ph], is unconstitutional because it violates the supremacy clause of the U.S. constitution. Accordingly, JCP&L's 2 remaining contracts with suppliers under the El Cap[ph] law were determined by the federal court to be void. As always, we will continue working to ensure the best possible business environment for our company. Now I will turn the call over to Jim.
James F. Pearson: Thanks, Leila. Let's get started with a look at our financial results. You may want to refer to the consolidated report, which was issued this morning and is available on our website. As Tony mentioned earlier, our third quarter operating earnings of $0.94 per share were in line with our expectations. These results compare with third quarter 2012 operating earnings of $1.11 per share. On a GAAP basis, this year's third quarter earnings were $0.52 per share compared to $1.02 per share last year. The full list of special items that make up the $0.42 per share difference between GAAP and operating earnings can be found on Page 5 of the consolidated report. Most significant of these are regulatory charges of $0.36 per share, primarily related to the impairment of Met-Ed and Penelec's regulatory assets associated with transmission line losses, which Leila just mentioned. Other special items for the third quarter include trust securities impairment of $0.03 per share, plant deactivation cost of $0.02 per share, a decrease of $0.02 per share related to merger accounting for commodity contracts, restructuring charges of $0.01 per share and gains of $0.02 per share for debt redemption and mark-to-market adjustments. Turning now to the drivers of our operating earnings. A lower effective income tax rate increased earnings by $0.09 per share. I'll take a moment to talk through this item. In 2012, our effective tax rate was 41%, primarily due to increases in the valuation allowances against net operating losses. This year, as outlined in our earnings guidance, we assumed an effective tax rate of about 38%, largely reflecting the realization of state tax planning initiatives to simplify our tax structure and our estimated mix of earnings. Additionally, in the third quarter of 2013, in conjunction with filing our 2012 tax returns, we were able to eliminate state tax obligations associated with earnings that were previously allocated to certain tax jurisdictions. This resulted in a third quarter earnings benefit of $0.05 per share and will also reduce our state tax exposure for these jurisdictions going forward. Based on these efforts, our third quarter year-to-date effective tax rate is 36% and we now estimate our effective tax rate for 2013 at approximately 37%. Earnings also benefited by $0.02 per share as a result of lower general taxes. Looking at negative drivers. O&M expenses reduced third quarter earnings by $0.06 per share. Most of this increase is related to an O&M benefit in 2012 that resulted from the capitalization of utility project cost associated with aligning Allegheny's work management system. In addition, O&M also reflects higher expenses related to fossil outages during the third quarter of 2013. Earnings were also impacted by lower investment income of $0.03 per share, higher interest expense of $0.01 per share and increased depreciation expenses of $0.04 per share. We'll now move to a review of our business results, starting with distribution deliveries. Total deliveries decreased 2% in the quarter, or 817,000-megawatt hours and reduced earnings by $0.02 per share. Cooler summer temperatures compared to the third quarter of 2012 resulted in a 7% decrease in residential deliveries and a slight reduction in sales to commercial customers. Absent the impact of weather, third quarter residential sales would have been essentially flat compared to 2012. But more importantly, high-valued commercial sales would have been approximately 3% higher than last year on a weather adjusted basis. Year-to-date, residential and commercial demand is essentially flat on weather that is tracking near-normal across the first 9 months of the year. Although we are not yet seeing anything like a return to historic growth trends, housing starts continue to increase. The increase in weather-adjusted [Audio gap] increased 3% compared to the third quarter of 2012 led by higher demand from steel customers, largely related to shale gas activity and the automotive sector. While our regional economy is still lagging the country, demand from our industrial customers is up slightly year-to-date. And as Tony mentioned, we're seeing some bright spots in this area. Moving to commodity margin at our competitive business. Commodity margin decreased earnings by $0.13 per share compared to the third quarter of 2012. The overall decline in commodity margin reflects increased competitive pressures, as well as the $10 drop in wholesale prices that took place in late 2011 and early 2012, when our retail sales position for 2013 was still about 50% open. Our fourth quarter results will reflect similar pricing and tightened margins compared to 2012. However, we expect our average prices to begin trending upwards starting in the first quarter of 2014. The average rate for 2014 committed sales is about $1 per megawatt-hour, above our 2013 expectation of $53 per megawatt-hour, and committed sales for 2015 are currently about $4 higher than 2013. Generation output from ongoing units increased by 1.6 million megawatt-hours. Fuel expense increased as a result of higher output, but the impact was moderated by lower fossil fuel prices that were negotiated in 2012. Capacity revenues from our generation fleet also increased as a result of higher auction prices. The increase in ongoing generation output was driven by greater economic dispatch of our fossil units based on higher power prices and the absence of a temporary idling of the W-8 [ph] Sammis plant last year. However, the timing of several unplanned and forced outages during the third quarter of 2013, mainly for a reactor coolant pump at Davis-Besse and generator repairs of Sammis resulted in loss sales opportunities and higher purchase power costs this year. Purchase power expenses also increased due to market prices that were higher on average than 2012 and greater retail channels sales volumes. Commodity margin also decreased as a result of increased transmission rates to serve POLR load in Pennsylvania, primarily reflecting the transfer of certain transmission charges to suppliers that took place in June, as well as increased capacity expense, primarily due to a higher rate associated with our retail sales in the MACT region. Contract sales increased to 1.9 million-megawatt hours compared to the third quarter of 2012. Total megawatt-hour sales in our competitive operations increased 7% and benefited earnings by $0.08 per share as the higher volume on these sales offset lower prices. Looking at each of our channels, structured sales increased 81% due to higher municipal, cooperative and bilateral sales. We achieved 15% growth in market sales driven by our ongoing campaigns in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Illinois and Maryland. Direct sales to the large and medium-sized commercial and industrial customers increased 3% due to customer growth in Central and Southern Ohio. Governmental aggregation sales increased 11% due to our continued expansion into Illinois, where 109 new communities have been signed since the third quarter of last year. And POLR generation sales decreased 9%, consistent with the ongoing realignment of our portfolio. FirstEnergy Solutions continues to selectively growth its retail business and increased its retail customer base by 219,000 customers or 9% in the past 12 months. As FES becomes more selective in response to greater competition, margin pressure and a slightly reduced sales target in future years, we expect this customer growth to slow. However, FirstEnergy Solutions continues to focus on profitable sales across a variety of channels and customer groups. We have the resources to generate about 75 million to 80 million megawatt-hours from our ongoing fleet and our asset-backed sales strategy continues to target selling about 25% more than we produce. For 2013, our committed sales stand at 108 million megawatt-hours and we continue to expect full year competitive generation output of 93 million megawatt-hours this year, consistent with our earlier guidance. For 2014, we have booked about 82 million megawatt-hours and we expect to boost that number in January as we have a significant contract renewal cycle beginning later this year. Our committed sales for 2015 are about 43 million megawatt-hours, again, consistent with the lower end of our glide path. Let's turn to an update on the financial plan that we introduced in February. Through a series of actions this year, we have made significant progress towards completing the plan, strengthening our credit metrics and reducing our risk profile. Starting at our competitive subsidiaries. In October, we completed the Harrison Pleasants transaction, which Leila mentioned. And by the end of the year, we expect to complete the sale of 527 megawatts of competitive hydro assets for approximately $400 million subject to various closing conditions. These transactions, coupled with our $1.5 billion equity infusion from FirstEnergy Corp. and $1.9 billion of expected debt reduction at FES and Allegheny Energy Supply, have positioned our competitive businesses to better navigate current market conditions. And looking forward, the maturity of existing sale-leasebacks will result in an additional $400 million debt reduction by 2017. We've also strengthened the balance sheets at our utilities as part of our efforts to refinance debt and reduce short-term borrowings. In August, we completed a $500 million long-term issuance at JCP&L. At our hybrid utilities, we redeemed more than $1.1 billion of long-term debt and issued securitized debt of approximately $445 million, and Mon Power is financing the Harrison transaction with a mixture of debt and an infusion of equity from FE Corp. At the parent level, earlier this year, we issued $1.5 billion in FE Corp. notes at very attractive and low interest rates, extended the maturity on existing credit facilities to May 2018, and upsized the FirstEnergy Utilities facility by $500 million. And finally, in late September, we filed a registration statement with the SEC to register 4 million shares of common stock to be sold to registered shareholders and employees under our dividend reinvestment and stock purchase plan. We expect to issue approximately $100 million of equity going forward on an annual basis by fulfilling obligations under this plan and other share-based benefit plans with newly issued shares. This financial plan, which is now virtually complete, successfully improve the balance sheet at our competitive and regulated businesses and enhance liquidity in a very short period of time. And we remain committed to investment-grade credit metrics at each of our businesses. Finally, last quarter, we told you that we were targeting $150 million to $200 million in cost control opportunities beginning in 2014. We have identified a total of $170 million in reductions with about $130 million representing O&M reductions. These cost actions are well underway and include changes to medical and other benefits and a realignment of our staffing, which was completed during the third quarter. We will continue to look for opportunities to further reduce our cost, while preserving the flexibility to create and take advantage of opportunities across all of our businesses. We have, however, repositioned the business profile of the company by reducing exposure to competitive markets and by moving forward with a more predictable and stable growth plan. As Tony stated earlier, our regulated operations are expected to represent about 80% of operating earnings this year and increase over time. Now I'd like to open the call up to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just on -- I knew, you're going to probably give us a lot more detail at the EEI and the transmission spending. But just kind of as we start to plot out the capital being deployed. Can you walk through what, if any, approvals need to be made to start spending the money? And if there's any threshold requirements over economic benefit or any sort of measures that have to be considered when you guys look at these dollars being deployed?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, at this point, Dan, as we start this project, most of this is, is internal approvals only. We're concentrating initially on our 69 kV system and the 34.5 kV system, which will be upgraded to 69. So much of what we do will be below power siding approvals or any other specific approvals.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then you said that those dollars can be targeted primarily at ATSI in the first few years that should we see the majority of that first 4 years can be kind of independent in the ATSI structure or is that going to creep into some of the legacy Allegheny transmission systems as well?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, we have a fairly robust transmission program over the next several years. Part of which we talked about before and more will discuss at the EEI Financial Conference. But we'll be spending across the footprint. The transmission reliability program that we announced today is primarily ATSI. We'll begin in ATSI, I should say.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So the 14 and 15 is ATSI, and then it probably catches up in the other jurisdictions?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, again, we're only talking about the incremental spend over and above what we're already planning, that is primarily ATSI at the beginning. Yes.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then I guess just on the cost cutting program, Jim, with $170 million of cash benefits. Do you guys have any feel for kind of what the underlying O&M growth rate is going to be if we look at 14, 15, 16 just to try to get a handle on inflation?
James F. Pearson: We're not in a position to give any of that O&M growth rate. But the way I look at this, Dan, is these actions we've taken are going to help mitigate any types of cost increases going forward such as general wage increases and that.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Do you think you in kind of flattening out of O&M, is that the right way to read that?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, Dan, why don't you wait until we provide guidance in the future. We're doing everything we can just like we always have to maintain O&M and only incur the types of costs that are absolutely we can't really avoid.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just staying on transmissions, Tony, I think you said that your intent was to finance the $2.8 billion with debt and equity. So -- I mean, are we saying that this $100 million a year that Jim spoke to is sufficient to provide to go to the the equity piece of build out or is that sort of a separate financing that you weren't really speaking to?
Anthony J. Alexander: Jonathan, my plan is to give you a little more detail next week. I think what Jim was trying to indicate, basically, is that the minimum amount of equity that's going to be necessary will be the continuation of whatever that program as we call it, it's the dividend reinvestment and the employee benefit types of programs. So I would -- so from your modeling standpoint, you can assume that that's going to continue through at least this period, and then we will be evaluating in discussing more with you next week some of the options as the transmission spend grows over time.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So we start sort of a -- will look forward to hearing that next week.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So first, perhaps not to spill to much in there for next week, but could you perhaps summarize, if you will, the growth trajectory and output base from on EPS perspective, you're talking about for transmission, just kind of summarizing everything?
Anthony J. Alexander: It's up. You'll hear about it Next week.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: All right, fair enough. I'll hang tight there. With regards to the hedge position in '15, you talked about a $4-megawatt hour improvement on what it seems to be like 43 million megawatt hours. How much of that -- is that correct, first off?
Anthony J. Alexander: Yes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: How much of that is derived from capacity price improvement versus through energy hedge position, if you get what I'm saying? Like because I take it that, that price is in on-inclusive numbers?
James F. Pearson: Yes, it is. And Donny is here. He can jump in. But the majority of that increase, Julien, would be from the capacity.
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, that's correct. Jim made reference back to the 13 number. And so as the roll-off occurred and we faced lower wholesale prices, obviously, the energy component gets depressed, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Now I don't want to push this too far, but is there actually a negative offset in the energy and actually the capacity more than offset the decline in the energy price? Or is it...
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, I thank you know what the capacity prices are out there. So you can calculate that Julian, and I have not that done that calculation.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont with Jefferies.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I guess my first question is have you guys looked at potential opportunities to ultimately separate out your transmission business?
Anthony J. Alexander: Paul, we look at all types of opportunities. Obviously, as we think about how we're going to finance and address these issues over time. Right now, we're pretty comfortable with where we're at. That doesn't necessarily mean that it'll stay that way. But that clearly is something that has been on our radar screen for quite some time.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And the other question that I have is with respect to the O&M cut of 130 that you've already identified, how much of that is utility and how much of that is competitive business?
James F. Pearson: I don't have the exact breakdown on that, Paul. But I would say it's probably about in the 50/50 range since a lot of it deals with benefit reductions that would be similar for all of our staff. I would just look at 50/50.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to first talk about your -- the coal cost for your fleet. As you look out, obviously, the coal industry is facing pressure. Do you see opportunity there in terms of further negotiations in terms of your coal cost and your outlook given the pressure that the coal industry is facing? Or how should we think about your coal cost over time?
Anthony J. Alexander: Go ahead, Donny.
Donald R. Schneider: Stephen, this is Donny. I think we have a pretty solid track record over the years of being able to keep our coal cost low and actually push them down even in a rising market. So obviously, we'll continue to pull on all of the levers. I think it is getting more difficult as our coal suppliers are hitting points to where they're kind of operating at some of their cash cost, so it becomes more difficult. But we'll continue to pull on all those levers.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Understood. And then I guess just switching over to the big ass side of things. Tony, you mentioned at the beginning, the gas outlook is challenging and the power price outlook is challenging. As you all look out today and you think about the size of your retail business at about 100 million-megawatt hours overtime, which is I guess about 25% above fleet output, do you see that staying fairly stable? Or given the sort of gas and power look as you see it out in '15 and '16, is there a potential that, that retail business would need to get a bit smaller than the 100 million-megawatt hours?
Anthony J. Alexander: I don’t -- I'm not seeing that. I think it's perhaps just the opposite in terms of whether or not you want to take some additional risk as opposed to give up customers. So I think there will be a balancing as we go forward in that portfolio.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kit Konolige with BGC.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of sort of fill-in-the-blanks type of questions. Tony, you mentioned that you expect that you may be facing -- market may be facing weak power prices over the next several years. What -- it seems to me you've been more bullish than that in the past. What has changed your mind?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, I think, Kit, in the main, I'm still bullish on the competitive markets overall. But reality is we had a PJM auction for 16 and 17, which was, I think, in everyone's thought process is much weaker than any one anticipated. The delay in shutting down generation across the overall footprint, as well as the, what is it, a parent reliance and the market on what I consider to be a softer generating substitutes or resources all have an impact. The question will be what happens over time? And from our perspective, it's far more important for us to manage our business given that if it stays soft, we're prepared and positioned where we're cash flow positive, and we can talk about more of the details later. And if it improves, and we certainly would like to see some of the obstacles eliminated to help that happen, we'll be in a very strong position to take advantage of it.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Fair enough. I noticed though that in your...
Anthony J. Alexander: But we're not going to sit back and hope and wait.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Right.
Anthony J. Alexander: We're going to take action.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: What role -- where do you see -- let me just ask it this way. What's your kind of middle and longer-term growth rate that you project for your service territories? And in assessing future pricing in PJM, what you do see as the growth rate for sales in PJM overall?
Anthony J. Alexander: Again, I'm -- we're not going to talk about that kind of stuff, Kit, as we go forward, nor am I going to give you an indication of how I -- where I think the markets are going to go. We're targeting about 100 million-megawatt hours in sales. We think we can accomplish that. We're over that this year, so it'll be a little bit of pruning as opposed to acquiring, but I think we'll be doing both over the next several years as we reshape that portfolio to customers and markets in areas in which we can produce greater returns.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I just wanted to touch base with you on just the transmission again. Is this -- this $2.8 billion is part of the $7 billion I think you said before, is that correct?
Anthony J. Alexander: Yes.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And what sort of triggered this appraisal of this need? Was there -- was it Sandy? Was there -- I mean, is there anything that -- is it cyber stuff? What -- I mean, it seems like a pretty large increase that you guys have come up with. I'm just wondering what led you guys to it?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, I think it's a combination of factors. All of these items -- I mean we don't come up with this list in a day. All these items are systematically -- as we evaluate our system, much of which in terms of age of infrastructure is reaching towards end of life. It's time now to begin the process of putting that system in a position where it provides continuing strong service to customers and now is the time to start it. Obviously, we were hoping that the economy would have recovered earlier that there would have been different opportunities across the footprint. But with what is happening around us and for many conversations we've had with customers in terms of what they'd like to see our system be capable of doing, what we're trying to do is address those as we prepare the system for what is going to have to be capable of delivering down the road.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Now there have been a whole bunch of transmission proposals for market-to-market congestion between MISO and PJM. I was wondering if you saw any opportunity in that? And also, if you saw any potential impact to PJM markets as a result of some of the things that are being proposed by some of your -- some of the other guys around you?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, I'm not -- we're concentrating primarily inside our footprint. We've got a large transmission system, and our focus is on that. Obviously, I think being able to increase transmission capability inside PJM would be helpful. I mean, it's frustrating that we can get generation from Louisiana to Ohio, but we can't get from the Ohio River to Philadelphia. So there are a lot of things that can be addressed inside that space over time. It all takes time and it all takes a lot of effort to accomplish. But the fact of the matter is, from our perspective, we're looking internally. We're not looking for projects that have long lead times with respect to either approval processes or likely construction processes. And we'll give you a lot more of that detail in this upcoming meeting.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just on sort of a housekeeping item. On Page 14 of the cash flow statement, there's an $18 million noncash gain from asset sales and I was just wondering what that represented? And I guess, that sounds like -- it was a noncash benefit to net income, I guess, is what that looks like to me. What was that?
James F. Pearson: That was the sale of the synchronous condensers from FirstEnergy Solutions to ATSI.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. So there is a net income impact for the company?
James F. Pearson: Not on an operating basis.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. So it's part of the -- okay. And you guys, can you give us -- I know you guys are sort of hesitating on giving guidance for 2014, but any sense as to what a normalized tax would be for 2014?
James F. Pearson: No, I mean if you look at the tax rate, it's going to range somewhere from 37% to 38% this year, primarily closer to 37%. But the tax rate in any given year is going to be based on the mix of earnings. So we'll have to look at it as we kind of prepare for 2014 earnings guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Just on the -- first clarification on the transmission spending plan. I know there were some much lower base spending before the new plan. Is that included in the numbers you provided or that -- what was the base before this?
Anthony J. Alexander: I think our base transmission spend over this time frame, I'm not sure we've identified that in the past, but this would be in addition to that. But we'll try to give you a better sense for that as we go forward. So I think the only real transmission spend we've identified, which is obviously in part of the base plan is the significant amount of transmission investment that's being put in place across our system to deal with power plants that are being shut down by 2015. Now if I remember that number, and don't hold me to this, but I think it was in the $700 million range. And then to that, you would add kind of the normal transmission spending that we have in each of our service areas, including for projects like the light project in Jersey at Jersey Central Power & Light that was announced about a year or so ago. So all of those kind of come together, kind of normal baseline spending that you're going to do in any event, the kind of additional spending you have in connection with power plant shutdowns, enhancement programs like the Jersey light program. And now on top of those is the additional transmission incremental spend of $2.8 billion.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. And then just also on distribution. I know you mentioned things like smart grid and such. Is there a meaningful increase in the rate base investment or CapEx and distribution?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, we spend in excess of about $1 billion a year on distribution capital. So rate base grows every year. There will be opportunities and I think Leila will be seeking them out in the various jurisdictions. There are areas in distribution not of -- electric distribution not unlike in gas distribution where underground facilities should be getting replaced and we ought to work through the kind of mechanisms that the gas industry generally has, which typically are more favorable than the electric. So there's a lot of opportunities not only with respect to smart meters, but with respect to upgrading aging infrastructure overall. Operator, we'll take one more call.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of the Angie Storozynski with Macquarie. [Technical Difficulty]
Anthony J. Alexander: We can barely hear you.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Maybe this is going to be better. I had a question about your expectation for ATSI capacity prices given your transmission CapEx. Do you expect that ATSI will continue to clear at a premium versus RTO? Your spending quite a bit of CapEx on your transmission lines, so how should we think about ATSI capacity prices going forward?
Anthony J. Alexander: Donny, could you answer that?
Donald R. Schneider: Angie, this is Donny. I think as time goes forward, there's probably a lower probability that ATSI separates. But I would think probably this coming May, it will probably still separate would be my guess. But what you'll see is, as we get out beyond that period if it still separates.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. Secondly, when you mentioned the price, the sale price for the FES' secured sales volumes and you told us that we do know what the capacity revenue or the capacity prices are, should we assume that you are averaging out the spike in ATSI capacity prices throughout say '15, '16? Or should we assume that there is just as the cleared prices where -- that we have a sudden spike in capacity revenues, hence, the contribution of capacity through '15 sales prices is higher?
Donald R. Schneider: Angie, in general, those are going to be levelized capacity charges depending on obviously the length of the contract. We do have a few customers, not many, but a few customers that allow the capacity as a pass through, so that would be the one exception.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: And lastly, Tony, you mentioned free cash flow positive. The expectations and investment-grade rating expectations for FES for the next 3 years. Do you include '13 in this comment or is it '14, '15, '16?
Anthony J. Alexander: Yes, Angie, we would include all 4 years in that. We've made a significant improvement there in '13 with our competitive business unit, the metrics. Okay. Thank you. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. We remain committed to providing value to shareholders, while positioning FirstEnergy for sustainable long-term growth. Thanks for your support and your interest in FirstEnergy, and I look forward to seeing you many next week at EEI.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-06 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Meghan Beringer Anthony J. Alexander - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director James F. Pearson - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Donald R. Schneider - Principal Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ashar Khan Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Meghan Beringer, Director, Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you. Ma'am, you may begin.
Meghan Beringer: Thank you, Brenda, and good afternoon. Welcome to FirstEnergy's second quarter earnings call. First, please be reminded that during this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp. are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated report to the financial community, which was released earlier today and is also available on our website under the Earnings Release link. Reconciliations to GAAP for the non-GAAP earnings measures we will be referring to today are also contained in that report, as well as on the Investor Information section on our website at www.firstenergycorp.com/ir. Participating in today's call are Tony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Pearson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Donny Schneider, President of FirstEnergy Solutions; Jon Taylor; Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Steve Staub, Vice President and Treasurer; and Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations. Now I will turn the call over to Tony Alexander.
Anthony J. Alexander: Thank you, Meghan. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm glad you're with us. Today, Jim and I will provide an overview of second quarter results, an update on operational and regulatory developments and a review of the progress we are making on the financial plan we outlined earlier this year. I will also take this opportunity to clarify several topics that seem to be on the -- seem to be on our investors' minds, which I believe have put undue pressure on our recent stock price. We'll begin with a look at our financial results. Today, we announced solid second quarter non-GAAP earnings of $0.59 per share. These results are in line with our expectations, and we are also reaffirming our 2013 non-GAAP earnings guidance range of $2.85 to $3.15 per share. While I'm pleased with our second quarter performance and our outlook for the remainder of the year, the PJM capacity auction results for the 2016, 2017 period were disappointing. As in the past, we are not disclosing the number of megawatts from our competitive business that cleared the auction. However, as has been the case in other recent auctions, not all of our generating units cleared. Respecting the PJM auction, I believe that there are significant and fundamental flaws in the process. These flaws will not only impede investments in competitive generation resources and the development of a robust competitive market, but will also, ultimately, impact reliability. We will continue to work with PJM and others to address these flaws, and in some cases, loopholes that encourage gaming the system. In the meantime, however, and in the wake of these auction results, we are taking additional aggressive steps to further reduce our costs and improve operational performance. We have thoroughly evaluated the economics of each of our plants as a result of the auction and current and future environmental regulations, most significantly, the Mercury and Air Toxics Standards, or MATS. As you may recall, in 2012, shortly after MATS Rules were finalized, we announced plans to deactivate units at 9 of our older coal-fire generating facilities. As a result of our recent analysis, we announced plans to further trim our fleet and deactivate 2 additional power plants by early October. These are the 370-megawatt Mitchell Power Station in Courtney, Pennsylvania; and the Hatfield's Ferry Power Station in Masontown, Pennsylvania, which is a 1,710-megawatt facility. These deactivations are subject to PJM review for any reliability impacts. The Hatfield Station is a large supercritical and scrubbed facility. And while the Mitchell Station is older, it is equipped with scrubbers. However, neither of these plants cleared in the 2016, 2017 capacity auction. And some of the individual units also did not clear in the 3 prior auctions. Our analysis, among other things, consider that together, Hatfield and Mitchell represent approximately 10% of our total generating capacity, with about 30% of our estimated cost to comply with MATS regulations. As a result of these closures, our MATS compliance costs are expected to decrease from around $925 million to approximately $650 million. And we continue to look for ways to refine and perhaps further reduce our expected MATS compliance costs. The total reduction in capital over 5 years at these facilities, including $275 million for MATS, is approximately $500 million. From an earnings perspective, the closure of these facilities will be accretive by several cents annually going forward. In addition to these decisions, we've also canceled or delayed certain investments in other generating facilities, which are expected to further reduce the capital needs in our competitive generation fleet by about $375 million over that same period. In total, this $875 million reduction in capital over the next several years is a vital component of our overall effort to manage cash effectively during this time frame. We have also identified, and are implementing, additional cost opportunities across our organization. These actions include reductions to medical and other benefits, and additional organizational changes, including a reduction in staffing and corporate support and the elimination of certain open positions throughout the organization. Combined, these actions are expected to reduce costs by about 100 -- by a total of $150 million to $200 million annually, beginning in 2014, with some impact in 2013, as the changes are implemented. These savings will run through both expenses and capital, and we will have a better sense for the allocation as the savings are implemented. We also announced that we will be moving to a cash balance pension plan for employees hired on or after January 1, 2014. While this will not impact current pension obligations, it should change our pension responsibilities over time. While many of the changes in our operations will have an impact on our competitive business, they do not change our strategy. We have had, and plan to continue, our asset-backed retail sales strategy in which our objective is to sell up to 25% more than we can produce. This allows us to increase the utilization of our generating fleet throughout the year, and take greater advantage of retail sales during otherwise low-load periods. Since our competitive production capability, however, is expected to be lower as a result of the plant retirements and perhaps further reduced by the Harrison and hydro transactions, we would expect that our future retail sales targets, consistent with our strategy, would also be less. Even so from an actual sale standpoint, our total retail sales may only be slightly less than current levels. And more importantly, given our current book of business, we are in a position to be far more selective in our channel and customer activity. Our strategy is about both volume and margin. For example, we have already booked more than 75 million-megawatt hours of channel sales for 2014 at prices above this year's. And through the remainder of this year, we anticipate locking in additional direct and POLR sales, as auctions are conducted. We are also seeing improved margin in our recent contracts and overall margin improvement by not pursuing renewal of some customer load. So while the reduction in our competitive generation fleet will impact our production capability, we do not expect it to have an appreciable effect on our retail sales plans. I remain confident in our strategy and in the manner in which we are executing to deliver higher value to our shareholders. Let me now move to a brief regulatory update, as Leila is unavailable to join us today. First, respecting the Harrison proceedings in West Virginia. We received FERC approvals for the proposed financing and transfers related to the transaction, and the West Virginia Public Service Commission hearings on the asset transfer were completed in late May. Briefs and reply briefs were filed by the parties in July. And with the conclusion of the regulatory proceeding, the commission may issue an order at any time. We are, however, currently in active settlement discussions with all parties in this case, and we are very hopeful that we can reach a resolution through this process. I continue to believe that this transaction provides positive benefits to our Mon Power customers and the state of West Virginia. And over time, it will help maintain our rates in West Virginia at levels that are some of the lowest in the region. Regarding the New Jersey generic proceedings on major storm costs. On May 31, the Board of Public Utilities clarified that the prudence of the 2011 major storm costs would be reviewed in the generic proceeding, with the goal of maintaining the schedule established for the base rate case, where recovery of such costs would be addressed. The board further indicated that it would review the prudence of our 2012 major storm costs in the generic proceeding, and the recovery of such costs would be considered through a Phase II in the existing base rate case or through another appropriate method to be determined at the conclusion of the generic proceeding. On June 21, we filed a detailed report of 2011 and 2012 major storm costs in this docket. In the pending JCP&L base rate case, we will file rebuttal testimony this week refuting the testimony put forth by the Rate Council and other intervenors. Hearings on the base rate case are scheduled for mid-September through mid-November. We expect resolution in that case by the first or second quarter of 2014. It's important to note, however, that JCP&L has the lowest distribution rates in New Jersey and, in some cases, by a significant margin, despite having one of the more difficult areas to serve since it is exposed to some of the greatest tree-density in the state, as well as 74 miles of coastline. Now turning to Ohio. In Ohio, as we mentioned during our last earnings call, the State Senate introduced legislation, Senate Bill 58, aimed at amending the current energy efficiency law that was originally passed in 2008 under Senate Bill 221. In June, the Senate Public Utilities Committee conducted a series of public hearings to determine whether these costs -- whether these costly mandates are serving Ohio's best interest, and to gather stakeholder input on what changes are necessary. We were very pleased to see Ohio business owners personally attend these hearings to express their concerns with the current law. We expect that Senate Bill 58 will be revisited when the House and Senate reconvene in the fall. In the meantime, we remain actively involved in this process with Ohio's other electric utilities and other key stakeholders to determine what measures will most effectively reduce the cost burden of these standards in future years. Also in Ohio, the PUCO scheduled a series of workshops throughout the remainder of this year as part of a retail market investigation that the commission launched late last year. FirstEnergy is fully participating in these workshops, and we are sharing our thoughts on ways to create additional opportunities for suppliers to effectively compete. We have a lot on our regulatory plate, but with 10 operating utilities in 5 states, it will probably not be unusual. We have good regulatory relations and we are working with capable commissions to address all of these matters and other matters that will arise over time. Now let's turn to our 2013 financing plan. While Jim will provide additional details on our overall plan, I wanted to note that we continue to make significant progress. We recently became the first utility in Ohio to successfully take advantage of the new Securitization Act, which allowed us to redeem certain debt at our Ohio utilities. We also announced additional early debt redemptions at our Ohio utilities which, in combination with the Securitization, will put each of those companies in a very solid credit position. And with an equity infusion from FE directly to FES, along with the retirement of debt at FES, we have substantially improved the credit metrics of that entity as well. Further, we recently completed the extension of our credit facilities through May of 2018, and we exercised the $500 million accordion option at the FE credit facility, which should provide sufficient liquidity to the company. Combined with other -- the other actions we've taken since the beginning of the year, these are significant accomplishments in a very short period of time, and place our subsidiaries in a much stronger financial position. Progress also continues on our plan to sell up to 1,240 megawatts of our unregulated hydro generation assets. First round indicative bids were received early in the quarter, and we are involving a handful of interested parties in the deep dive process. I expect that we will be in a position to take the next step in this process during the third quarter. Through the combined actions we've taken across the company to reduce cash expenditures, particularly, the reduction in our generating fleet CapEx, our equity needs have been reduced. As a result, we plan to issue equity only through a dividend reinvestment program and various stock-related benefit plans beginning later this year. This is expected to provide approximately $100 million on an annual basis based on the current stock price and the anticipated participation levels. Beyond this, we have no plans to issue additional equity at this time. This clarification of our plan should put to rest any further speculation regarding amount and timing of additional equity. With respect to the dividend, as you know, our Board of Directors announced an unchanged quarterly dividend payment of $0.55 per share just 3 weeks ago. Our dividend continues to be supported by the strength of our combined regulated utility and transmission operations. As we reshape our balance sheet, improve our liquidity and reduce our capital and other operating costs, we will continue looking at opportunities for growth in our Regulated businesses, with a strong focus on those that will improve customer service and provide attractive near-term returns to the company. For example, we are making solid progress on the transmission projects that we outlined earlier this year. Portions of Black River Substation Ohio, as an example, is now in service and should be fully operational by September. We're also on-target with the construction of the major transmission line that will ultimately connect the Davis-Besse Nuclear Power Station to a substation in Lorain County. In New Jersey, open houses were held in late June for our proposed Oceanview Reinforcement Project, which will build a new 230 kV transmission line to reduce -- to add redundancy to the system and meet the growing demand for electricity. And we are still planning to invest about $700 million through 2016, utilizing ATSI and TrAILCo to address reliability issues related to coal unit deactivations within our footprint. We are also evaluating a number of additional opportunities within our service area that would further expand our transmission investments. Given the size of our transmission system and service area, the transmission investment opportunities that we have identified are in excess of $7 billion. While it would take us some time to further define the projects and related time frame, it is fairly clear that the opportunities within our footprint to grow our transmission business are substantial. In our distribution business, we are looking at the potential for rate cases in certain jurisdictions. Mon Power would be one of those, upon the successful completion of the proposed Harrison, Pleasants transaction. But we are also actively reviewing the potential for rate cases in other jurisdictions to assure a timely recovery of capital. Further, we are considering accelerated investments in smart meter technology, where such programs are supported by a regulatory policy. And we are looking for opportunities to expedite improvements in service reliability, as is being supported in Ohio, throughout our service area. On the overall economic front, things are obviously not yet where we want them to be, but we continue to see progress and believe that the bottom is now behind us. Our sales have been relatively stable over the last 3 years and we are now seeing increasing housing starts, as well as significant growth in shale-related segments. With continued growth and economic improvement, we expect to again see higher distribution sales over time. We continue to aggressively address our -- all aspects of our business: our generation fleet, our operations, our regulatory opportunities and our financial initiatives. And by taking advantage of growth opportunities across our businesses and reducing expenses, we believe we can continue to provide value to our shareholders. Our strong second quarter results, rigorous focus on cash management and our willingness to make decisions illustrate our ability to deliver even during tough economic times. Thank you for your support. And now I'll hand the call over to Jim for a review of second quarter results.
James F. Pearson: Thanks, Tony. As we walk through the second quarter results, you may want to refer to the consolidated report, which was issued this morning and is available on our website. As Tony mentioned, our strong results were solidly in line with our expectations. Non-GAAP earnings for the second quarter of 2013 were $0.59 per share compared to $0.60 per share in 2012. On a GAAP basis, this year's second quarter results were a loss of $0.39 per share compared to earnings of $0.45 per share last year. The full list of special items that make up the $0.98 per share difference between GAAP and non-GAAP second quarter 2013 results can be found on Page 4 of the consolidated report. Most significant of these is $0.85 per share related to plant deactivations. Other special items for the second quarter include: trust securities impairment of $0.05 per share, debt redemption cost of $0.04 per share, regulatory charges of $0.02 per share and a decrease of $0.02 per share related to merger accounting for commodity contracts. Let's turn now to the results from our business units. We'll begin with distribution deliveries, which added $0.02 per share due to a 3% increase in residential deliveries. Overall, distribution sales decreased by 325,000 megawatt hours, or 1% compared to the second quarter of 2012, as the increase in residential sales was more than offset by a 3% decrease in commercial deliveries and a 2% decrease in industrial sales. Typically, when we speak of the weather impact on residential distribution deliveries, we are looking at heating and cooling degree days. This quarter, the discussion is a bit different because, while second quarter temperatures were warmer than normal, they were significantly cooler than the 2012 period. However, the month of June was more humid in 2013 than in 2012, which contributed to higher residential usage. In addition, you'll recall that June 2012 sales were negatively impacted by the derecho that swept through parts of our Ohio, Pennsylvania, Maryland and West Virginia territories on June 29, causing outages for more than 0.5 million customers. Second quarter industrial sales increased in the chemical and refinery class but declined in the steel and automotive, driven by the bankruptcy of RG Steel and the shutdown of the Ford Brook Park plant. Those events both occurred in May 2012, so we expect some improvement in our year-over-year comparison in the steel and automotive classes starting in the third quarter. Our full year forecast for 2013 calls for an overall increase of 2% in industrial sales, with most of the increase attributable to shale gas activities. Moving now to other drivers of the second quarter. Reflecting our continued focus on cost control, lower O&M expenses increased earnings by $0.06 per share. On the generation side of our business, O&M benefited from fewer nuclear refueling outages compared to the prior-year period and lower lease costs from the previously repurchased interest in the Beaver Valley Unit 2 and Bruce Mansfield plants. On the distribution side, expenses were lower due to our greater focus on capital work during the quarter and cost savings initiatives that were implemented last year. Higher general taxes and a higher effective income tax rate decreased earnings by a total of $0.04 per share. And finally, depreciation expenses decreased earnings by $0.03 per share. I'll turn next to commodity margin for our competitive business. Commodity margin increased earnings by $0.08 per share compared to the second quarter of 2012 when you exclude the $0.11 per share impact of lower PJM capacity revenues. While challenged by low market prices, FES continued to strategically grow its retail business. The total number of retail customers increased by approximately 700,000 in the past 12 months to 2.7 million by the end of the second quarter of 2013. Total megawatt-hour sales in our competitive operations increased 7%, and it increased earnings by $0.04 per share. Looking now at each of our channels. Governmental aggregation sales increased 31% in the quarter as a result of the continued successful expansion into Illinois. We achieved 35% growth in mass market sales, largely as a result of our successful marketing campaigns in Pennsylvania and Ohio. Structured sales nearly doubled due to increased municipal, cooperative and bilateral sales. Direct sales to large and medium-sized commercial and industrial customers increased 1%. And finally, consistent with the trend over the past year or so, and our retail strategy, POLR sales continued to decrease as we realigned our portfolio. Higher second quarter retail sales also had the impact of increasing both our purchase power cost and our transmission expense. However, these expenses were more than offset by lower capacity expenses, higher wholesale sales and the net benefit of financial hedges associated with our sales and generation portfolio. We also saw a lower average cost per fuel, which is, in large part, a result of the work we did late last year to restructure and terminate certain coal contracts, primarily, at Harrison and Sammis. We expect this fuel variance to continue through the end of the year. Total second quarter ongoing generation output increased modestly by 870,000-megawatt hours as a result of higher capacity factors at our Fossil fleet. Overall, we are pleased with the quarter's solid results, which demonstrate that even in very challenging times, we can strike the right balance of achieving short-term performance, while laying the foundation for what we believe is a strong long-term strategy. For example, as we mentioned last quarter, we have slowed FirstEnergy Solutions' future hedging based on current market conditions. FES has already exceeded its retail sales targets for 2013, with projected sales of 107 million-megawatt hours at an overall rate in line with the $53 per megawatt hour guidance we provided for the year. Going forward, we remain committed to implementing our plans for our competitive business, but we have adopted an even greater focus on higher-margin sales opportunities and selected customer retention. We continue to believe that our competitive retail strategy is the right approach for the long term, and with continued careful executions, will help ensure we are in a very strong position as market conditions recover. I'll turn now to an update on our financial plans for the year. As you will recall, in February, we laid out a plan that is structured to improve the balance sheet, particularly at our competitive operations and enhanced liquidity. As Tony said, we have made a significant amount of progress during the first half of the year. I'll walk you through the most recent accomplishments. Tony mentioned that in June, our utilities became the first in the state to successfully take advantage of the new Securitization Act, which allows us to finance deferred cost using AAA-rated long-term securitization financing. This transaction allowed us to redeem $410 million of debt at the Ohio utilities. In addition to Securitization, we plan to further reduce debt on our 3 Ohio utilities during the third quarter and have the issue notices to redeem an additional $660 million of debt. As these plans are implemented, we will have achieved our goal of significantly improving the credit metrics of each of our Ohio utilities. As we discussed in the first quarter call, through early May, we had already taken action that resulted in the reduction of about $1.5 billion in long-term debt at our competitive businesses. Subsequently, FE Corp. contributed $1.5 billion of equity to FES, which used the funds to repay outstanding debt. These actions have put the credit metrics for our competitive operations on more solid ground. During the second quarter, we also completed the extension of our credit facilities through May 2018. And as Tony mentioned, we exercised the $500 million accordion option on our revolver, bringing the total size of the facilities to $6 billion. Overall, we've made very solid progress on the financial plan we laid out for this year, and are reaffirming 2013 non-GAAP earnings guidance. And looking at the bigger picture, we're working through the challenging economic landscape by taking proactive steps to reduce capital and expenses, without restricting our ability to create and take advantage of opportunities across all of our businesses. As Tony mentioned, we've made significant capital reductions of $875 million on the competitive side of the business, with a continued focus on further refining both our MATS and other capital spend. We have an intense focus on cost, with $150 million to $200 million in further reductions already identified across the company through medical and benefit changes, staffing reductions and changes to pension funding. We are redeploying capital into regulated areas of our business that provide reliable returns, such as the investments in our transmission business and the potential rate cases and growth opportunities in distribution. In our retail business, which has a strong book already in place for 2014, we plan to continue to be more selective in our channel and customer activity going forward. Finally, we will continue working to strengthen our balance sheet through our equity program and continued implementation of our financial plan. As both Tony and I have outlined, we have taken significant steps to reduce costs, redeploy capital toward predictable and reliable return opportunities and move retail megawatt hours into higher-margin channels. The end result will be a stronger FirstEnergy, well positioned to address challenges and deliver positive results for shareholders. Now I'll open the call to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Dan Eggers with Crédit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Listen, I wanted to dig a little bit more into the $150 million to $200 million of savings. And, Tony, I appreciate it's still a bit early in the process, but can you maybe help bucket out what fits into kind of capital savings relative to O&M savings, given all the efforts you guys have done in the last couple of years already to bring cost down and capital out of the business?
Anthony J. Alexander: Dan, this is Tony. When you think about it, it starts off all as an expense reduction. But a big part of our expenses end up being capitalized because it's all people-related. So it's going to really turn out to be a function of whether or not the workload and how it gets allocated -- is just going to be a question of whether or not that $150 million is going to be allocated to expense because that's where the individual would have or is working on, or whether that will be moved over to capital because of that same rationale. This isn't capital in the sense that we're delaying projects or eliminating projects. These are real cash savings that will then get allocated depending on where our people are working and what projects we're working on during the time frame.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So how much headcount reduction goes into this, then? Because that's -- I mean, it's a lot of efficiency gains relative to your cost base.
James F. Pearson: I'd say, Dan, we said that there would be about 250 positions that would be eliminated. Some were not filled, and that was in addition to the 380 positions that were associated with the deactivation of those plants. I think the bigger cost item will be the elimination of some of our benefit cost. It's a bigger cost reduction than just the staffing in itself, Dan. So I would say that would be the more significant component of the cost reduction.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And this doesn't -- this is separate from the money you're saving from Hatfield and Mitchell closing, right?
James F. Pearson: That right, that's right. What I would say the O&M savings associated with Mitchell and Hatfield, that would align with the several-cent incremental earnings per share.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. I got it. And then, I'd ask just maybe 1 more question on this, is that if you think about, kind of, from an O&M inflation perspective, net of these benefits, what should we think about, from a '13 baseline, will be the O&M inflation for FirstEnergy on a consolidated basis?
Anthony J. Alexander: I guess, Dan, we're going to wait and give you that next year or later this year when we give you 2014 guidance. Obviously, we'll be looking at all of our costs, not just the ones that we've dealt with here. But fundamentally, each and every time we go about developing what our game plan is for the upcoming year, we'll scrub all of the numbers and determine where best to spend our available cash.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Chin with Bank of America.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Question, you have in the release a reference to net MISO and PJM transmission costs. What is that? And can you talk about whether transmission rights and underfunding, is that the issue that you are referring to in that, similar to one of your peers earlier this earnings season?
Donald R. Schneider: Brian, this is Donny. Let me talk about the FTRs first because that seems to be a hot issue. Like many of the other PJM market participants, we also have experienced FTR underfunding. However, as we went into this year, we had adjusted our hedging strategy to be less dependent on FTRs. So versus our expectations, the impact has been very minor. If you think about what's going on there, what's driving this underfunding, there is a whole myriad of issues. There's the themes issues between MISO and PJM. There's the difference between what you would anticipate from kind of an infrastructure perspective, when the FTRs are allocated versus what actually occurs with outages and that sort of thing. And then, obviously, differences between how the day-ahead in real-time congestion is settled. I think we also released that we, in fact, filed a complaint with FERC back in 2011 to try and address these issues, and that case is still pending. We are seeing funding coming in, about 75% to 85% of what we feel we're entitled to. So we believe we're being shorted somewhere in the neighborhood of 15% to 25%. So while versus expectations, it's a very minor impact to us, on a year-to-date basis, we believe our revenue was off for about $6.5 million, about $0.01.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And so that's not the MISO, PJM transmission issue, it's a separate issue. Understood.
Donald R. Schneider: That's correct.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then, with regards to the cost cuts, just jumping back on Dan's earlier question. Is there a breakdown you can give to what extent those cost cuts are related to deregulated operations versus regulated operations?
James F. Pearson: No. Right now we don't have that breakdown, Brian. And as a Tony said, we're going to incorporate that into our 2014 plans and we'll probably be able to give a little more clarity then.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So quick question. It seems that there's been a little bit of a change in tact with regard to regulated rate base growth and positioning of the company. Could you, perhaps, confirm that and, perhaps, speak to what a new rate base growth trajectory could be prospectively, given some of the spending ambitions you guys spoke about on the distribution side?
Anthony J. Alexander: Julien, I wouldn't necessarily describe it as difference. I mean, I -- we've always invested heavily in our regulated operations. The fact is, however, that as you look to the future, that there are probably stronger returns available, and more predictable returns available, from shifting investments towards transmission and other items as opposed to investing in generation assets. That's kind of a decision we make all the time in the business. The growth opportunities in transmission and distribution, we're looking very closely at. You've kind of -- I tried to give you a sense for the type of opportunities that are in the transmission business. I wouldn't necessarily say they are the same types of opportunities in the -- one-off opportunities, if you will, in the distribution business, but they are significant in the distribution business if, in fact, we start to, perhaps, accelerate smart meter technology throughout the system. The timing is going to be dependent, in large measure, on when we believe it's time to begin to expand rate base in those areas and take advantage of those growth opportunities.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. So still not quite clear yet, but stay tuned. Perhaps, looking at the back of the regulated -- unregulated side, rather. The latest RPM auction, while you guys didn't want to disclose how many megawatts cleared kind of indicatively, if you would, in the latest auction relative to the last, how significant was the change in cleared capacity? Do you get what I'm asking? If you can provide anything.
Anthony J. Alexander: Nice try. That's pretty good, though. Since you didn't know the first one or the second one, I don't really know how to answer that. The question was clear, though. You guys are getting better at this.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Tony, you may have sounded more enthusiastic about the economy than you have in a while. And even though the numbers -- the sort of sales numbers, were not -- we're not seeing it in the numbers, can you just sort of give us some more insight into what you're seeing in the customer base? And what's the basis for your commentary in the prepared remarks?
Anthony J. Alexander: Yes, I think what we're seeing, basically, Jonathan, is -- we think the bottom is behind us now. Most of the plants that we think were particularly exposed, for example, the Ford Brook Park plant we talked about and that 1 steel operation, they were closed in 2012, and we're starting to see that the other items are up significantly. Some of the other steel mills that we have are up. So once you get kind of through this period that we think now is bottomed out, we're seeing some -- we're seeing really strong growth in shale areas, in steel-related, particularly item -- particularly, steel mills that are operating in the pipe-related types of activity. Like I said, housing starts are up. It's a slow start, but it's far more positive than what we've seen in the past. And we're starting to see some activity across each segment of the business. Are you still on? Hello?
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, I'm sorry, Tony. Hit the mute button. You mentioned the accordion facility at the parent to upside that line $500 million. Does that have cost implications?
James F. Pearson: No. It really doesn't have any cost implications other than you get, always, a charge for your unused capacity. So you have very minor incremental cost associated with it.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Not something we're going to notice, then, Jim?
James F. Pearson: Say that again, Jonathan?
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Not something we're going to notice?
James F. Pearson: No, you will not notice it. No.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I was wondering, just -- sorry to be a little slow here but Brian, I think, was asking this. What is the PJM, MISO transmission cost? What is causing that? Because it was also a thing that hit you guys had in the first quarter as well?
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, I think, Jonathan -- this is Donny. The biggest driver there is just increased sales. I mean, we have to pay network transmission to deliver our product, in many cases. And so that's the biggest driver, but we'll net some other things against that.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then, the net financial sales and purchase, what was that? The $0.02 there?
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, that's basically, when you look at that, we're hedging -- that's one of the instruments we use to hedge the congestion. So we'll do a financial sale and a financial buy to hedge the congestion, and that's the net of the 2.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then, just in terms of the nuclear expense, with the steam generators and everything, just -- is there any flexibility on that? You did mention that you were thinking of, potentially, augmenting the CapEx going forward. And I was just wondering, given market conditions and everything, whether there's been any change or any thought process on that, if there is any flexibility on that.
James F. Pearson: Those steam generators, you're probably referring to the Davis-Besse that we're planning in '14; and then, we also have Beaver Valley 2 that's in '17. And although you could move that, it's very unlikely that we would because you have a pretty laid out schedule right there that you've got to meet and then you also got to plan what your outages are. So I think it would be very unlikely that we'd be making any modification to that construction schedule.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great. And then, just finally, with respect to the cost savings and stuff, you mentioned a lot on the benefit side and what have you. And I do see that the retirement benefit sort of noncash -- impact on the cash flow statement has sort of increased. Is that the kind of thing that we should be thinking about? Should we be thinking about this as being one of those things that over the long term provides savings but in the near term, that sort of accelerated in terms of the noncash accounting benefit because of the OPEB and the pension liability are lower?
Anthony J. Alexander: No, I think the ones that we're talking about today, while there could be some impacts there, the ones we're talking about today are fundamental changes in plans. Single administrator, as an example. Changing in plans that have higher deductibles. Things of that nature are driving the real change and the cost savings.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: So it will have a direct cash impact pretty quickly, it would sound like, starting in 2014?
Anthony J. Alexander: That's what we're expecting, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: A couple of questions. Just on the equity issuance through the DRIP programs, is that just a 2013 -- or do you intend to continue new equity through DRIP after '13?
James F. Pearson: At this point, we would expect that this would continue throughout next year. And as we said, it would be about $100 million on an annual basis, Steve. So you won't see $100 million this year. It probably won't really get implemented until probably by the fourth quarter of next year. But we would expect that to continue into next year.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. So from a model standpoint, like, just assume $100 million per year, really, starting in '14?
James F. Pearson: That's correct.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: And then on retail margins, it sounded like, if I heard it, you said that maybe you're actually seeing improving retail margins. Because it seems like most other people keep complaining that retail margins are declining. So maybe you could just give some color. Just clarify kind of what you are seeing on retail margins? And maybe, is it that you're targeting this different customer base or why do you think it might be very different than what we're hearing from others?
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, Steve, this is Donny. I think it is the way we're pushing into the different channels. I think over the last several years, we have talked about our multichannel approach. And some of those channels are harder. I mean, retail sales, residential retail sales is much harder than selling to a big C&I customer. Generally, you get stronger margins there. You have to be very careful about your cost to acquisition. But if you think about, for example, our $0.07 for 7 years, in today's market, those contracts are paying very nice margins to us. In general, I think right now we've sold about 75 terawatt hours forward for 2014, and we're seeing an aggregate rate, about $1 better than what we're delivering this year. I think this year we're right about that $53 a megawatt hour. Next year, what we've got booked so far, will produce something right around $54 a megawatt hour.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. And then, my last question is just on the -- you mentioned the Hatfield shutdown and Mitchell that's about a 10% reduction in megawatt hours, but obviously, a lot of cash flow benefit from that. The Other savings at generation in terms of cash flow, I mean, is there any additional impact on megawatt hour production? Or should we assume about that 10% reduction just from those plants?
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, I would assume it's probably about 9.5 to 10 million-megawatt hours that would be associated with the Hatfield and Mitchell. So that's what I would assume for that.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: But the other cash flow savings that you mentioned don't have any associated reduction in megawatt hours?
Donald R. Schneider: No, no, no. That's correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to just talk about the credit position and the equity needs. Regarding Harrison and the asset transfer, if that were to not be approved, how would that impact your thinking about equity requirements?
Donald R. Schneider: I don't think that it would change our thought process on equity at all.
Anthony J. Alexander: We've laid out our game plan for equity. Those will not affect our decision-making.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So a -- the period to get that transfer of Harrison would not -- wouldn't impact that, okay.
Anthony J. Alexander: No.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then, just switching over to transmission, you had mentioned a lot of potential growth. As you think about the financing and structuring of that, do you think much about different options in terms of how to finance that? Some folks have thought about a pure-play transmission approach or is this something we should just assume would very likely just continue to be funded sort of organically within FirstEnergy?
Anthony J. Alexander: My sense is that we will look at a number of different opportunities and determine what's in our best interest and our shareholders' best interest going forward.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So that is something that you are -- you do think about a variety of options there? It's not set in stone that it will always be simply funded within FirstEnergy?
Anthony J. Alexander: I think that's a fair statement, yes.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan with Visium.
Ashar Khan: Tony, I just wanted to recap what I heard, so I apologize if I might be repeating some things. One thing you said is that the generation transaction would be at least a couple of pennies or more accretive to EPS starting next year, 2014. I think -- so the other thing that came out is that there's $875 million of reduction in CapEx over this time horizon of MATS. And if I can get what that is -- over what period, is it 3 years? 5 years? I forget what the time frame of that is. Thirdly, you mentioned about $150 million to $200 million of lower cost reductions. These are additional stuff. And if I'm right, you mentioned that a lot of them would be related to retirement benefits. And if I'm hearing that's lower deductible and everything. If I'm right, those would mean lower, I guess, pension or retirement costs, if I understand rightly, what was described in the Q&A. If I can get a little bit of a clarifications on what I said, if they are on the right track or not on the right track?
Anthony J. Alexander: Okay. Well, let me deal with the first one, since I only said it's accretive. I think Jimmy said it's, what, a couple of cents?
James F. Pearson: Yes.
Anthony J. Alexander: So I think the couple of cents is kind of what you ought to be thinking about. The $875 million reduction in capital, I think that's -- was that 5 years? Over that 5-year time frame. With the bulk of that coming in the earlier years, the time when the MATS expenditures would be coming through. And with respect to the $150 million to $200 million, I think you're a little confused. The bulk of these expenditure or bulk of these savings relate to current employees. Somebody raised a question with respect to retirees, but the fact of the matter is, the medical plan benefit changes and the other change that we are contemplating in benefits and otherwise, are really related to the current benefit package we offer employees.
Ashar Khan: Okay. Fair enough. And then, if I heard, we might get 2014 outlook this year at EEI or is that what we should look forward to?
Anthony J. Alexander: We'll give it to you when we're ready.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski with Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: I have 2 quick questions. One is the $54 per megawatt hour margin for the retail business for 2014. Is that really comparable to the margins from this year, given that there's a change in mix? For instance, between retail and C&I sales?
Donald R. Schneider: Yes. I think it's very comparable. I mean, if you think about what the markets have done as we booked those sales, the wholesale markets have dropped off fairly steadily over the last several years. And to be able to deliver a higher aggregate rate, I think is significant.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: No, I'm actually more asking about, if there is, like, a significantly higher SG&A expense associated with those sales compared to the sales that are being executed this year?
Donald R. Schneider: No. No, generally, I think, Angie, what you'd see is our SG&A expenses have come down. I would especially point to fuel, for example, has come down significantly based on the work we did last year.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. And secondly, I know that you're still in the midst of the hydro asset sales process. But can you at least give us a sense of, at this stage, your expectations for the outcome of that sale as similar to expectations that you had earlier in the year?
James F. Pearson: Yes, I think, at this point, Angie, we had the first round of indicative bids. We had a lot of interest in the hydro assets. We're in the process now of narrowing that down, and we're continuing to evaluate that. So I don't think there is any change at this point. Okay. Thanks, everybody. Thanks for participating in the call and your continued interest in FirstEnergy. Thanks.
Anthony J. Alexander: Bye now.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-07 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Meghan Beringer Anthony J. Alexander - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President and General Counsel James F. Pearson - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Donald R. Schneider - Principal Executive Officer and President Irene M. Prezelj  Steven R. Staub - Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Meghan Beringer, Director of Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you. Ms. Beringer, you may begin.
Meghan Beringer: Thank you, Manny, and good afternoon. Welcome to FirstEnergy's first quarter earnings call. First, please be reminded that during this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp. are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause the actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated report to the financial community, which was released earlier today and is also available on our website under the Earnings Release link. Reconciliations to GAAP for the non-GAAP earnings measures we will be referring to today are also contained in that report, as well as on the Investor Information section on our website at www.firstenergycorp.com/ir. Participating on today's call are Tony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; Jim Pearson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Donny Schneider, President of FirstEnergy Solutions; Jon Taylor, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Steve Staub, Vice President and Treasurer; and Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'd like to mention for anyone who has not already visited, that we recently launched a new page on our Investor Relations website for fixed income investors. It includes data on frequently used information, including our long-term debt, credit ratings, liquidity and credit facilities, and financing structure. Look for the Fixed Income investors link on our Investor Relations homepage. You can also find a link to this information on our Investor Relations app for the iPhone and iPad. Now I will turn the call over to Tony Alexander.
Anthony J. Alexander: Thanks, Meghan, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Today, I'll provide a general overview of our first quarter results and accomplishments, and a review of the progress we've made on our financial plan. Leila will join us for a brief regulatory update, and then Jim will provide more details on first quarter results. Okay, let's get started. Today, we announced first quarter non-GAAP earnings of $0.76 per share. These results are solidly in line with our expectations, with a return to normal weather providing incremental benefits compared to the first quarter of 2012. As we described during our last earnings call, our focus in 2013 is on successfully executing our plans to control costs, continue to improve operational performance and explore growth opportunities in our regulated and competitive businesses. We expect this strategy to help us address the impact of market conditions and regulatory challenges, while positioning our company for long-term growth when the economy and power prices recover. Another very important objective for 2013 is implementing our financial plan, which was structured to improve the balance sheet, enhance liquidity and maintain investment-grade credit metrics. As Jim described in February, the plan focuses on reducing debt at our competitive companies, primarily FES and Allegheny Energy Supply, by about $1.5 billion. We have made great progress on this front in a very short period of time by successfully executing numerous parts of the plan. I'll take a minute to walk you through these developments. In early March, we issued $1.5 billion of senior unsecured notes at FirstEnergy Corp. in an offering that was positively received. We completed the transaction with a mix of 5- and 10-year notes at very attractive rates of 2.75% and 4.25%, respectively. We then funded tender offers at FE Solutions or FirstEnergy Solutions and Allegheny Supply -- and Allegheny Energy Supply, as we repurchased $665 million of outstanding senior notes. In April, we completed the early redemption of $400 million of FES senior notes that were due in 2015. We also reduced lease debt by about $100 million with the repurchase of certain remaining lessor interests in connection with the 1987 Bruce Mansfield sale-leaseback transaction, and expect $90 million of additional lease debt to amortize naturally through the remainder of the year. In addition, in April, we issued notice for $235 million of tax exempt bonds, which will be repurchased in early June. Combined, these actions will result in a reduction of long-term debt by about $1.5 billion at our competitive businesses. In addition, our Met-Ed subsidiary issued $300 million in senior unsecured notes due in 2023, and used the proceeds to refinance $150 million of maturing debt and reduce short-term borrowings. Our Ohio utilities filed a registration statement with the SEC to securitize certain deferred costs, and this process continues to move forward. And finally, we started discussions with our bank groups to extend the maturity of our existing $5.5 billion credit facilities for another year, through May of 2018. We're also looking to exercise the accordion option, which will increase the total size of the facilities to $6 billion. We expect to complete this process in a few days. By taking these actions to reduce -- or to refinance short-term borrowings with long-term debt at rates at that are at historic lows, we have made solid progress on our financial plan we laid out for this year. Further, we continue to move forward with our plan to sell up to 1,240 megawatts of unregulated noncore hydro generation assets. We have retained an independent advisor and commenced marketing activities with a goal of completing this process in the second half of the year. We plan to use the proceeds to complete our debt reduction plans. Our success with the actions we have already taken, particularly the bond deal with FirstEnergy Corp. means the Harrison transaction, while still important to both West Virginia and FirstEnergy Solutions, is no longer critical to the successful completion of our financial plan. Leila will talk more about Harrison in a few minutes. As we discussed previously, we still expect to issue equity later in the year to further strengthen our balance sheet. We will determine the exact level, up to $300 million, later in the year, as we get more clarity on our other initiatives. Moving now to an update of our businesses. With respect to the construction of simple cycle peakers in Eastlake, Ohio, American Municipal Power has notified us that they do not intend to proceed with the project. With this development, the Eastlake peakers will not be bid into this month's PJM RPM auction for the 2016-2017 period. Since we already have substantial transmission investments planned to support reliability in this part of the ATSI zone, approximately $700 million through 2016, we do not expect AMP's decision to not proceed with the project to have any significant impact on the auction. We will continue to work with PJM to address the need for any additional transmission projects, which would create additional investment opportunities, beyond the projects identified through 2016 or in future years, to further bolster and support system reliability in that area. Looking at our distribution deliveries. As you may recall, the first quarter of 2012 was abnormally warm. Our distribution sales benefit -- benefited from a return to weather that was slightly colder than normal this year. Jim will provide more details on this topic in a few minutes. At FirstEnergy Solutions, we continue to focus on expanding our retail business, strengthening our brand among customers in both new and existing targeted markets and implementing our multichannel sales strategy. We increased our retail customer base by about 800,000 customers or 42% since March of 2012. More importantly, while sales margins are compressing somewhat as a result of continued pricing pressure, our strategy of channel shifting, for example, moving kilowatt hours from POLR to higher-value retail channels such as mass market and government aggregation, continues to help offset the impact of lower market prices. FirstEnergy Solutions sales book, which targets 104 million megawatt hours in 2013, is essentially filled. While we have had considerable success in building our customer base, forward prices, as you know, have dropped about $10 per megawatt hour from early 2012 and have continued to lag in that same range. As we continue to see downward pressure on power prices, we are adjusting our forward hedging strategy, so that sales for future years fall into the lower range of the glide path we have established, allowing more opportunities to capture potential improvement in power prices. Finally, with respect to the Mercury and Air Toxics Standards Rule, or MATS, we were granted extensions for compliance through April 2016 in both Pennsylvania and West Virginia for our Hatfield, Bruce Mansfield, Fort Martin, Harrison and Pleasants stations. These extensions provide for an additional year, as I said through April 16, for compliance at these units. And as we continue to refine our capital expenditures related to MATS, we are lowering our estimated costs to approximately $925 million from the $975 million previously reported. We continue to believe that a focus on our core generation, distribution and transmission businesses provides greater flexibility, growth opportunities and financial stability than any single standalone business. And we continue to manage our businesses with a combination of long- and short-term strategies, which is helping us weather current market conditions. We believe that as the economy and power prices improve, we are well positioned to take advantage of growth opportunities, resulting from more robust conditions. Now I'll turn this over to Leila for a regulatory update.
Leila L. Vespoli: Thanks, Tony. In February, I provided a review of the key regulatory and legislative issues that we will address in 2013. And today, I will update you on the status of several of those matters in Ohio, New Jersey and West Virginia. In Ohio, the state senate has introduced legislation reevaluating the aggressive energy efficiency standards that were passed in Senate Bill 221 in 2008. As you may know, Ohio investor-owned utilities, including FirstEnergy, must achieve annual compliance targets, ultimately resulting in a 22% reduction in electric consumption by 2025. In light of rising program costs, as well as the changing economic landscape since Senate Bill 221 was passed, the Senate Public Utilities Committee is evaluating whether changes should be made to the existing law. FirstEnergy is actively involved in this process and is advocating changes that we believe make more sense for our customers and help foster solid economic growth in Ohio, including the development of shale gas. Also in Ohio, we continue to participate in a proceeding at the PUCO regarding the alternative energy rider that recovers our costs associated with procurement of renewable energy credits required under Ohio's renewable energy portfolio standard. A decision is expected in the second or third quarter of 2013. With regard to our pending rate case in New Jersey, the Board of Public Utilities established a generic proceeding to review the prudence of certain storm costs. By July 1, 2013, JCP&L is expected to file a detailed report of its storm costs, for which it intends to seek recovery from ratepayers. On April 4, 2013, JCP&L filed a motion with the BPU, requesting that the commission reconsider its March 20 order, and rule that the company's cost in response to major storm events will be reviewed and considered in the pending base rate case and not be considered in the generic proceeding. In the alternative, JCP&L requested that the BPU issue an order clarifying the procedures and processes that the BPU will apply to coordinate the generic proceeding with the base rate case, to enable recovery of the costs for the major storm event. Such coordination would include holding the base rate case in abeyance pending conclusion of the generic proceeding. We expect the commission to rule on our motion in May. Hearings are currently scheduled in the base rate case from mid-September through mid-November. Turning now to West Virginia. On April 23, we received FERC authorization for the proposed Harrison/Pleasants transaction to transfer nearly 1,500 megawatts from our competitive operations to our Mon Power subsidiary. We await approval from FERC of our filing related to financing for the transaction. At the same time, we continue to work through the state regulatory process. On April 26, various parties filed their testimony. Rebuttal testimony is due by May 17 and hearings are scheduled from May 29 through May 31. We believe the proposed transaction is good for the state of West Virginia, as it is expected to help ensure reliable power for our West Virginia utility customers for many years to come. The proposed transaction is and remains very positive for the West Virginia economy and our customers of our utilities in West Virginia. Thank you for your time. Now I will hand the call over to Jim for a review of the first quarter results.
James F. Pearson: Thanks, Leila. Let's go ahead and get started with a review of the first quarter. You may want to turn to the consolidated report as I walk through our results. Looking at the first quarter of 2013, non-GAAP earnings were $0.76 per share, while GAAP results were $0.47 per share. In the first quarter of 2012, non-GAAP earnings were $0.82 per share, while GAAP earnings were $0.73 per share. As Tony mentioned, our non-GAAP earnings were solidly in line with our expectations for the first quarter, with some incremental benefit year-over-year due to colder weather. On Page 4 of the consolidated report, you can find a list of special items that make up the difference between the GAAP and the non-GAAP results. The largest of these special items is $0.18 per share in debt redemption cost related to the debt reduction efforts at FES and Allegheny Energy Supply. Other special items for the first quarter of 2013 include regulatory charges of $0.04 per share, a decrease of $0.03 per share related to merger accounting for the commodity contracts, plant deactivation cost of $0.01 per share, a decrease of $0.01 per share from impacts of the sale or impairment of noncore assets, a decrease of $0.01 per share related to mark-to-market adjustments and trust securities impairment of $0.01 per share. Let's turn now to distribution delivery, which increased earnings by $0.07 per share. Overall, deliveries increased 979,000 megawatt hours or about 3%, primarily due to weather that was significantly cooler than the same period last year and slightly cooler than normal. Residential deliveries increased by 6% quarter-over-quarter, again, primarily due to the impact of weather, while commercial and industrial deliveries increased slightly compared to the first quarter of 2012. To put the impact of weather in perspective, heating degree days were 30% higher than in 2012, but only 2% above normal. When we adjust deliveries for the impact of the extra day in 2012 due to leap year, first quarter 2013 sales in the industrial class were up 1.5% quarter-over-quarter. Sales increased in both the chemicals and refinery segments, but were down overall in steel and automotive. One of the bright spots we see is certain customers within the steel sector are starting to fill increased orders for pipe used in shale gas drilling, with expectations for increased usage continuing through the year. Adjusting for both leap year and the swing in weather, first quarter 2013 sales were down 2% in residential and 1% in commercial. Sales in these classes continue to remain weak. We also took a look at residential sales over the longer period to see if there were any identifiable trends. That analysis revealed that, since 2007, our residential customer count and usage has been relatively flat. Commercial and industrial sales are still down versus 2007 at 6% and 8%, respectively. Looking at other first quarter drivers, earnings also benefited by a total of $0.05 per share from the combination of lower operations and maintenance expense, a lower effective income tax rate and lower general taxes. These gains were offset by higher depreciation expense of $0.02 per share and lower regulated transmission earnings of $0.02 per share, consistent with our expectations due to a lower rate base at TrAIL, the Trans-Allegheny Interstate Line Company, and lower net system peak demand. Finally, I'd like to provide additional detail on commodity margin at our competitive business, which reduced earnings by $0.14 per share compared to the first quarter of 2012. While we continue to successfully execute our retail strategy, gains from this initiative were offset by lower revenues related to historically low PJM capacity prices, which reduced earnings by $0.19 per share. These prices will remain in the range of $16 to $28 per megawatt day through May 2014, as a result of the auctions held during the recession years of 2009 and 2010. As we have noted previously, subsequent auctions in 2011 and 2012 resulted in prices that are substantially higher, above $100 per megawatt day for the period of June 2014 through May 2016. This drop in capacity prices should have resulted in a drop of about $6 per megawatt hour in our overall competitive rate. However, our actual decrease was just $3 per megawatt hour, pointing to the benefits of our channel-shifting strategy, and our average retail rate of $54 per megawatt hour is consistent with the expectations we laid out with our 2013 earnings guidance. So we're right on target with where we said we would be. Excluding the impact of the lower capacity revenues, commodity margin for the quarter was up $0.05 per share year-over-year. Overall, contract sales revenue in our competitive operations increased 4% or $0.09 per share. Looking at each of our channels, the continued successful expansion into Illinois drove a 36% increase in governmental aggregation sales during the quarter. Mass market sales, driven by growth in Pennsylvania and Ohio, increased 46% with the introduction of several new marketing campaigns. Structured sales increased 92% due to increased municipal, cooperative and bilateral sales. Direct sales to large- and medium-sized commercial and industrial customers increased 7%, primarily due to higher sales in central and southern Ohio. And finally, POLR sales continued to decrease consistent with our retail strategy to realign our sales portfolio. The successful growth in our retail sales resulted in a 4% increase in total generation output, and capacity factors of 73% at our supercritical and 54% at our subcritical units compared to 65% and 24%, respectively, at those units last year. With this additional generation output came higher fuel consumption. Although the fuel rate is also in line with our expectations. Our retail sales growth also resulted in increased purchase power and transmission expenses and lower wholesale sales. Commodity margin was also impacted by lower sales of renewable energy credits and lower capacity expenses compared to the first quarter of 2012. Overall, we are pleased with the quarter's results and also with the progress we're making in the implementation of our financial plan for the year. We plan to continue to strengthen our balance sheet, while also looking for additional opportunities to reduce our costs. Most importantly, we are positioning the company to take advantage of opportunities created by expanded competitive markets and improved economic conditions. Now I'll open the call to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Dan Eggers of Crédit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Hey, just following up on Tony's comments and Leila's comments about Harrison. Can you just maybe help us understand how important it is you think, at this point in time, to move that asset over from a balance-sheet perspective relative to a customer-benefit perspective? And then given kind of the wide -- or the low bid made in the intervenor testimony, how important is it to take a lower price or accept a lower price to get this done relative to keeping it at FES if the pricing doesn't make sense?
James F. Pearson: Yes, well, I'll start off with that, Dan. Well, let me start off. I think the low price of the $565 million or whatever is, that's just a nonstarter. So I'll leave that at that. From a balance-sheet perspective, we think we're in pretty good shape by getting the FirstEnergy Corp. bond deal down, where we upsized it to $1.5 billion. And we also feel we're in a very good position with the hydro sales, so we feel real comfortable about that. And as you know, we plan to infuse equity from FirstEnergy down into Mon Power associated with this asset transfer. If the asset transfer doesn't go forward, we would likely infuse that equity that we have planned for Mon Power down into FES. So I think we'd end up at a good position for the balance sheet there at FES.
Anthony J. Alexander: Yes, Dan, this is Tony. As I'm looking at this, I think this is far more important to West Virginia and Mon Power, in terms of providing them with a stable and long-term resource that they can rely on, than it is, at this point, from a balance sheet standpoint at FES or FirstEnergy.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: But if it didn't transfer, you'd feel comfortable keeping that extra capacity at FES?
Anthony J. Alexander: Absolutely. It's a great asset. So that's not a consideration.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess on RPM outlook, I know you guys have kind of signaled, Donny, I think, of kind of flattish in prior comments. With the clarity on the DR rules and the AMP project not going through, is there any change in your thought process?
Anthony J. Alexander: Give me that again, Dan, because I was talking the same time you were.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Oh, I'm sorry. I was just going to ask Donny, since last -- he said prior that RPM expectations were relatively flat or that's kind of where you thought it was going to come. Just curious if you had any updated thoughts, now that we have the DR rule clarification out of FERC and the decision on the AMP project not going forward.
Donald R. Schneider: I really haven't changed my opinion here, Dan. We'll see here in a couple of weeks, obviously, where the auction comes out.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just one last question on industrial load. I mean, you said that you're seeing signs that steel was looking better. The first quarter had pretty good demand growth. Are you reevaluating what you guys think normalized load growth is going to be at this point, Tony, or is this just a little early?
Anthony J. Alexander: Dan, I think it's a little early. It's still spotty. We're seeing real strength right now in steel and in chemicals, and there is absolutely a lot of upside if we can get this manufacturing and further development of the shale gas plays really into an economic development engine for this area. But I think it still too early to say, because some of the other things are not as strong. Automotive's down a little bit, but the fact of the matter is there's been a number of announced projects, that as they go forward, should provide some upside on the industrial sales side. So right now, I'm cautiously optimistic that we're going to start seeing the economy improve and begin to see some of the expected real growth that can occur in this area as a real energy center for America.
Operator: The next question is from Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a quick one. So the use of proceeds, if you are successful in Harrison and hydro, because you've already hit your delevering targets at FES, I think, with this new deal in April, should we just assume more of the same or something different?
James F. Pearson: We would use those proceeds, Jonathan, to pay down some of the short-term borrowings that we have there right now associated with paying down the debt.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: At FES?
James F. Pearson: That's correct.
Operator: The next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So just following up on Dan's question a little bit here. With regards to ATSI specifically, what do you expect there in '16, '17 just to be explicit?
Anthony J. Alexander: I expect to get the results about May 24, I think is the date.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Fair enough. And again, kind of following up on a little granular detail here, the energy efficiency component of the Ohio program recently approved. As of today, what is the total megawatts that you're seeing come out of that program that you'd expect to bid?
Irene M. Prezelj : Roughly, right now we're expecting a delta from what we maybe would have put in versus what the commission order would require us to do, I assume that's what you're getting at, of roughly 160 megawatts.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And again, broadly speaking, if you could summarize, not to put it too cutely here. But a lot of other peers of yours have framed upside to power forwards in a dollar-per-megawatt-hour fashion. I'd be curious if you guys would be willing to opine using a comparable metric out in '15 or '16 or what have you?
Anthony J. Alexander: I think it's always interesting. I've heard what they've said in the main and I don't really have any reason to say otherwise. I think there's going to be a lot more generation removed from both the energy and capacity markets as we go forward. That will bring the demand -- the supply side more in balance over time. I'm not sure that, that's fully reflected yet in the forward prices that we're seeing out there. And on the demand side, we're certainly hopeful that, by the time we move into these time frames, there is more robust economic activity than we've seen here recently. So a combination of demand and supply, as it naturally would affect prices, we would expect to see some upside.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then maybe just last one here. How does that fit into your hedging strategy here? I mean, you talked about being in the lower range of the glide path, et cetera.
Anthony J. Alexander: Again, it just means that we're going to hold some sales back to take advantage of higher energy prices as they materialize in time, because we truly believe that they are going to rise. And therefore, we're going to slow down the amount of, otherwise, contracting we would do into forward periods.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wonder if you could talk a little about the process you're going through with PJM, given the Eastlake peaker decision. Is there anything we should be looking for in the near term in terms of the assessment of further transmission needed? If, for example, anything that might come out before the auction or any other discussion from PJM as to shortfalls in the ASTI zone or anything else we should be looking for, I guess, at PJM?
Anthony J. Alexander: I'd say, at this point, probably you shouldn't be looking for anything in the near term. Remembering that the '15, '16 auction did not clear the peaking unit at -- in that area, transmission requirements were put in place to address those concerns, as well as RMR agreements or RM, whatever -- RMR agreements which should cover that period. I would expect by the time that we get to the '16 and '17 time frame and beyond is where people would begin looking at whether or not any additional transmission's required. So I'm not expecting anything near term.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Understood. And just wanted to follow-up on Dan's question on the credit. I just want to make sure that I understood the message there. As I understand it, the message is that you have -- you've done quite a bit of refinancing and work there. You have hydro assets that you can sell and you may or may not issue up to $300 million of equity. And as you look at that, that puts you in a position to be able to maintain your credit position. Is that fair?
James F. Pearson: Yes, I would say that was fair, Stephen. And one of the things I said to the earlier question of -- on the FES side specifically is if the Harrison asset transfer goes through, then we will use those proceeds to continue our debt reduction there. If that transaction would not go forward, then the money that we had targeted to infuse from FirstEnergy holding company down to Mon Power, we could use those proceeds to infuse down into FirstEnergy Solutions, bolster their equity and give them those proceeds to pay down debt.
Operator: The next question is from Neel Mitra of Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: As we look at FE holdco, now that you've raised enough debt that you can deleverage enough at FES, what are the factors that we should look at to see whether you're going to kind of use the full $300 million? I guess, what are the puts and takes that would decide whether you would decide to use that? And what would it be used for, the full $300 million?
James F. Pearson: Well, I would say the primary thing that we'll be looking at, Neel, would be the hydro asset sale, when we get that completed and how successful we are there. But as we said, we do plan to issue equity sometime towards the end of the year and it would be up to $300 million. So I'd say the key benchmark to be looking at would be the hydro sale.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then now that, I guess, we've seen a run up in '13 gas, how have your coal plants been running? Are the capacity factors higher now that we're seeing higher dark spreads than last year?
James F. Pearson: Yes, I think we said that the critical units were running around 74%. We probably have that number right there.
Steven R. Staub: Yes, Page 12 of the consolidated report. The base load units were at 73% capacity factor versus last year at 65%.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just a few quick ones on the AMP Ohio deal. As I recall, there was some sort of transmission offset in terms of CapEx. I'm just wondering the kind of CapEx savings that you might be seeing because of this? And if you could just give me a little bit more clarity as to why it doesn't impact the RPM? Is that because of other things like the energy efficiency ruling or something else?
James F. Pearson: Well, I think on the first part of your question, Paul, I think we originally said that the transmission spend was going to be several hundred million dollars higher, absent building this plant. But we'll have discussions with PJM, and that additional spend is not likely to incur -- to occur until after 2016. And it could be as late as 2019 or '20. So I think that's the answer there. As far as impacting the capacity auction, as Tony said, the '15, '16 auction did not include AMP, and so the changes between '15 and '16 and '16 and '17 will be on what PJM's assessment is on demand growth, what happens with DR and if there's any new generation. So...
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. I see what you're saying. So you were talking about relative to last year, the fact that -- Okay, I got you. It wasn't there before so is that what you mean? Okay, I didn't...
James F. Pearson: Yes.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Sorry to be slow on that. Okay. So just the energy efficiency ruling, what's the number of megawatts that's associated with that?
Leila L. Vespoli: Hi, Paul. This is Leila. Roughly a delta of 160 megawatts.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just on this transmission side, the net system peak seemed to impact you guys and I was wondering sort of if you could elaborate a little on that. It sounds like weather and sales are sort of higher in the territory and stuff. I was just wondering what that net system peak demand reduction, what that signified versus...
Anthony J. Alexander: That isn't for the current year. That's set on prior years' net peak demand. And I think that was actually for the end of '10, beginning of '11, where that peak was, maybe from July 1, 2010 through June 30 or May 31 of '11. So that peak demand has -- deals with prior periods. It has nothing to do with this current year.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Questions both on the regulated side of the house and on the nonregulated side. I just wanted to double check the time line. When do you expect new rates per the general rate case in New Jersey for JCP&L? When do those go in effect?
Anthony J. Alexander: Michael, I'll let Leila jump in on this. But at this point, we have various things in front of the commission. It's the generic proceeding on the storm costs. We also have filed for a base rate increase and we've asked the commission to consider the storm costs as part of our base rate proceeding. But at this point, we would not expect that rates would go into effect until probably the first or second quarter of 2014. We have our -- currently, we have hearings scheduled for the September through the November time frame. So it's not likely we will hear anything until early next year.
Leila L. Vespoli: And Michael, this is Leila. Just to add a little bit to that. Should they want to go forward with the generic proceedings and allow the results to flow into the rate case, it would offset the timing that Jim just laid out by a month or 2. I would imagine it would be a manageably short period of time. So that can get elongated a little bit.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then one question on the balance sheet. Just what kind of feedback have you gotten from the rating agencies regarding just total consolidated leverage metrics. You've done a really good job of reducing debt at FES, but so far, pre the asset sales, it seems that you've just simply added debt at the holding company to reduce debt at FES. I'm just curious what kind of feedback the rating agencies have provided on consolidated debt metrics?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, they came out with a report, I believe it was in the February timeframe, where they gave a report on FirstEnergy consolidated. We've shared our plan with them. I think they're waiting to see the success of some of the financial initiatives that we've laid out, as well as the outcome in the Jersey rate proceedings. So I think they're waiting to see the end results of all of those. But we've fed them all of the information, and we're in active dialogue with them.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then last item. If I look at Page 13 in the release, where you show kind of all your contract sales and your wholesale sales. One thing that stands out a little bit is just -- and I know your total megawatt hours sold has gone up year-over-year, but so has your purchase power level, especially your spot purchase power. Meaning your total purchase power is up almost 2 terawatt hours year-over-year, your spot purchase power is, I don't know, up 1.7 and change. Just curious about kind of risk management and how far in advance you procure those spot megawatt hours. I'm just trying to think about exposure, kind of exposure to future volatility in spot power prices for -- to purchase power to supply your retail customers.
Donald R. Schneider: Michael, this is Donny. It depends on the time frame in which we need those purchases. Obviously, if it's a summertime load issue, we'll either go out and buy -- we'll buy forwards or we'll buy call options to cover that. And if it's associated with the shoulder months, which is sometimes more likely, believe it or not, because we'll have units on scheduled outages, we'll let some of that ride in the spot market, not a large percentage of it, but we'll let some of it ride. We're very comfortable with being able to procure power to serve load. For years, prior to our merger with Allegheny, we served all of the Penelec and Met-Ed load. I think that, in total, was about 30 terawatt hours a year, and we did all -- almost all of with purchased power.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. But how does that flow through? Let's say this summer, you're buying power in the spot market to serve your retail load, and for some reason, there's -- someone else has planned outages and there's a spike, a $10 or $15 increase per megawatt hour. How does that impact retail margins? And how does it impact -- I'm just trying to think about the exposure to volatility, kind of week over week or month over month, in power prices. And I don't mean kind of the $1 or $2 dollar movements. I mean, like we saw in New England this past winter, where you saw major movements in the short-term pricing.
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, I think that the short answer is, Michael, we would not leave ourselves that exposed. We're going to -- if we're into the summer months and it's on-peak power requirements, we're going to cover that up with a combination of forwards and calls.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. So it's safe to assume by, like a May, June time frame, you've probably locked up the summer requirements, unless the demand is ridiculously hot, in which case other parts of your business would benefit.
Donald R. Schneider: Absolutely. Even earlier than May and June.
Operator: The next question is from Charles Fishman of MorningStar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: If you do have a lower glide path on your contract sales, will that change your strategy as far as how quickly you reduce your POLR sales over the next few years?
Donald R. Schneider: Charles, I don't -- this is Donny by the way. We generally use POLR sales almost as a plug, if you will, depending on how our other sales are going, and obviously, we also take a look at how competitive that POLR sale is. So they could be related, that if we've slowed down and we've become more selective around our retail sales and a good opportunity comes along in the POLR market, we may step into that little stronger. But it would really depend on what the competitors were doing in that particular auction at the time.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. So I guess what I'm hearing is, they're not as directly related as maybe I thought.
Donald R. Schneider: No. No, they're not directly related.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I had to jump off and on so I'm not sure if you went over it. If you did, I apologize. But your latest thoughts on Signal Peak?
Anthony J. Alexander: Signal Peak, it's producing very well. I think we're into the third long wall move. I think, probably beginning next year, we'll start on the surface mining. So at this point, it's performing very well. We're getting low cost out of the mine, production's increasing. And I would say ultimately, we would look to sell the asset. We've said that, that's not a business that we want to be in long term. But it's not one of the assets that we're focused on right now.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: What is long term?
Anthony J. Alexander: I would say probably within the next 5 years.
Operator: Our next question is from Greg Gordon of ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Just on the idea of hedging and you being sort of at the low end of your sort of hedge channel versus the high end. I just went back and pulled up your last Analyst Day presentation, where you present sort of a visual guide to how you think about hedging. So is it fair to say, looking at that, that for 2014 then, given where you are this time of year, that you'd be about 55% to 60% sold forward at this point?
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, that's about right, Greg.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So the rest of it's open and can either be sold wholesale or into POLR?
Donald R. Schneider: That's correct.
Operator: And the final question comes from Raymond Leung of Goldman Sachs.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can we talk a little about, one, provide me a quick update on securitization, I think the Ohio units have something. Can you provide some time line on that? And then also you mentioned the potential equity injection related to the asset transfer for Harrison or otherwise injecting equity down to FES. Can you sort of provide me some context of what the source of funds would be? And then the last thing also, can you talk a little bit more about the bank line extension and the accordion feature? Can you just discuss that a little bit more? Is that just a $0.5 billion incremental if you use the accordion feature?
James F. Pearson: Let me take that since I was last one, Ray. Yes, our bank credit facilities, we expect to close that in the very near term and we're going to extend that out by 1 year through May of 2018. And yes, the accordion feature will be for $500 million and that will at the corp. level. As far as the securitization, we've filed our registration statement. We've got comments back from the SEC. We're in the process of responding to those comments. And my expectation, that in the very near future, we'll be ready to take that to market.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And what the use of proceeds would be for securitization?
James F. Pearson: Well, that would be to buyback debt at Ohio Edison, Cleveland, and Toledo Edison.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And my last question on source of funds for the equity injection.
Anthony J. Alexander: Yes, the source of funds, as we had always said from the Mon Power asset transfer, we would infuse equity into Mon Power from FE Corp. So we went out, we raised $1.5 billion, so it would be funds that were sitting there at FE Corp. And instead of pushing those down to Mon Power, we could push them down to FES if we need be. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. We appreciate your support and your interest in FirstEnergy. Thanks everybody.
James F. Pearson: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-25 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Meghan Beringer Anthony J. Alexander - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President and General Counsel James F. Pearson - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Donald R. Schneider - Principal Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Meghan Beringer, Director of Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you, Ms. Beringer. You may begin.
Meghan Beringer: Thank you, and good afternoon. During this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp. are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties, and a number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated report to the financial community, which was released earlier today and is also available on our website under the Earnings Release link. Reconciliations to GAAP for the non-GAAP earnings measures we will be referring to today are also contained in that report, as well as on the Investor Information section on our website at www.firstenergycorp.com/ir. Participating in today's call are Tony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; Jim Pearson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Donny Schneider, President of FirstEnergy Solutions; Harvey Wagner, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Steve Staub, Vice President and Treasurer; and Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations. I'll now turn the call over to Tony.
Anthony J. Alexander: Thanks, Meghan, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Today, I'll provide a general overview of last year's results and accomplishments before moving to some of our key areas of focus for 2013. Leila will join us for a brief regulatory overview. And finally, Jim will join the call for the first time in his new capacity as CFO. Jim will take a look back at the fourth quarter and full year 2012 and provide a preview of our 2013 financial objectives. I'm sure most of you already know Jim from his tenure as Treasurer, so expect this transition to be quite smooth. And of course, Mark Clark remains involved in key company projects in his new role as Executive Vice President of Finance and Strategy. I would also like to take a moment here to thank Harvey Wagner for his exceptional guidance and oversight as our Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. And I wish him best in his upcoming retirement. Okay. Let's get started. Today, we announced full year non-GAAP earnings of $3.34 per share, in line with our guidance. Despite the absence of a meaningful rebound in the regional economy and energy markets, we accomplished much in 2012, and I'll start by walking through some of the highlights. First, we maintained our dividend, which is supported by the solid and stable returns from our regulated distribution and transmission business segments, and we maintained our credit ratings through very challenging economic conditions. Our competitive strategy at FirstEnergy Solutions continues to produce significant growth. FES now serves 2.6 million retail customers, which is an increase of 42% compared to the end of 2011. And FES grew direct retail sales by 18% during the year. Our nuclear fleet achieved strong safety and operational performance. This includes the industry's lowest worker dose exposure at our Beaver Valley units and our best-ever fleet forced loss rates. Forced loss rates were industry top decile at Beaver Valley Unit 1 and top quartile at Beaver Valley Unit 2 and Davis-Besse. At our fossil fleet, we deactivated units at 7 of our older coal-fired plants in response to MATS and other environmental regulations that made these plants even less likely to be dispatched. We also plan to deactivate several additional units in early 2015 at the conclusion of Reliability Must Run arrangements. At our remaining fossil units, we have taken an aggressive look at the capital investment required to comply with these environmental standards. After a rigorous analysis of the necessary environmental controls, we have reduced our projected spend to $200 -- to $975 million, down from an original estimate of $2 billion to $3 billion. We also took proactive measures to implement more efficient fuel and dispatch strategies, trim maintenance costs, enhance operational flexibility and reorganize certain areas of business to ensure more appropriate staffing levels and reduced costs in light of the economy. On the regulatory front, the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio approved our electric security plan. This new ESP, which takes us through May 31, 2016, is essentially an extension of our existing plan. Our ESP has been widely considered a success in terms of its ability to produce competitively priced electricity for customers who remain with the utility for generation service, as well as creating a level playing field among suppliers competing to serve customers who choose to shop. On the financial side, we made a $600 million contribution to the pension plan in early 2012 and pursued an early buyout of the Bruce Mansfield sale leasebacks taking future obligations off the table. And finally, today marks the 2 years since we closed our merger with Allegheny. We remain very pleased with this combination. It has produced cost savings and increased our operating flexibility while also expanding our pool of leadership talent. I'm very proud of these achievements. Our focus on our 3 core business segments, generation, distribution and transmission, offers greater flexibility and more growth opportunities and financial stability than any one business could provide on a stand-alone basis. And our strategy remains unchanged. We are prepared to meet the economic and regulatory challenges of 2013 while positioning our company for long-term growth. Our plan includes a focus on controlling costs, continuing to improve our operational performance and exploring opportunities to grow our regulated and competitive businesses. I'll discuss these opportunities in more detail starting with utilities where we are working to promote growth on several fronts. For example, we have joined an industry electrification effort that is offering electric power at truck stops as an alternative to running diesel engines overnight. This is a particularly attractive alternatives in areas that are not meeting Clean Air Act quality standards. We are also very active in economic development efforts related to the Utica and Marcellus Shale boom in and near our Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Ohio service territories. This includes initiatives like building a new Black River Substation that is about to go on online in Lorain, Ohio. Our facility will support a major steel manufacturer that is expanding in response to the growth of the natural gas industry. In our transmission business, we expect our investments within the FirstEnergy footprint to continue providing growth and stable returns. In 2012, we consolidated ATSI and TrAIL under a large stand-alone transmission subsidiary holding company and put in place $1 billion credit facility. We also formulated a long-term plan for the ATSI region that includes a significant number of projects designed to support reliability in the Northern Ohio area primarily in response to the plant deactivations brought on by MATS and other environmental regulations. On a related note, we continue moving forward with American Municipal Power on the potential project announced in November to develop peaking capacity at our Eastlake plant near Cleveland. This project, which is subject to, among other things, regulatory approval, could reduce our need for some of the previously announced transmission projects and extend the time frame for others. Finally, we're also building a new transmission control center in the Akron area that will include advanced technology to enhance service reliability across our entire footprint. Turning now to FirstEnergy Solutions, our focus remains on expanding our retail business and strengthening our brand among customers in both new and existing targeted markets. Governmental aggregation is an area where we've had tremendous success, and it will remain a priority in 2013. Last year, FirstEnergy Solutions signed contracts with 160 communities, including more than 100 in Illinois. Today, FES serves this sales channel with more than 17-million-megawatt hours, a 10% increase over 2011, and we continue to see potential for more growth in both Ohio -- in both in Southern Ohio and Illinois. We project annual FES sales growth of about 3% to 5% over the next few years. In 2013, we expect continued benefits from our strategy of first mover advantage and shifting megawatt hours between sales channels, as we remain focused on both volume and margin. As you've heard us say over the years, we operate in many ways like a traditional utility but without the geographic restrictions. By design, our customer portfolio continues to look a lot like that of a Midwestern utility. That's the type of load our plants were originally built to serve, and we continue to leverage our generation assets selling the power that we produce to our end-use retail customers. But our approach is much different from others in the electric retail market space. We have fully implemented a multi-channel sales approach, which means we go deep and wide in the territories we target. We strongly believe that this approach is far less risky and more profitable than simply focusing on one segment of the market, and it's allowing us to significantly grow our customer base in a cost-effective fashion, while also taking advantage of opportunities to increase our profitability. In addition, our balanced portfolio provides greater stability over the long term and diversifies our risk, and our integrated asset-backed strategy offers flexibility, as we work to reduce costs and maximize margins. Finally, as our competitive sales continue to grow over time and markets begin to improve, we plan to reinvest or revisit our fleet investment strategy that we call "mining our assets". This approach focuses on improving efficiencies, lowering forced loss rates and upgrading equipment at existing plants as markets justify instead of making investments in costly new generation. In the past, this successful strategy allowed us to add more than 600 megawatts of capacity with far less risk and at a fraction of the cost of building a new plant. The "mining our asset" approach provides an incremental platform for our generation capabilities to support sales growth. We will take a very competitive-minded approach to these investments, spending capital on improvements only after sales have been committed to support them. In doing so, we expect the timing of these investments to be linked closely to the growth of our retail business. These plans represent short- and long-term examples of how we are managing our business for the current market conditions while preparing for the eventual economic improvement. As more generating units are deactivated due to environmental regulations and natural gas and power prices rise, we would expect an improved supply-demand balance, and at that point, the groundwork we are laying today should help accelerate our growth. We have a strong track record of delivering on our plans, and that is how we are approaching 2013. We expect this to be a year of executing on our strategies and implementing the plans we have described. And we believe this approach will result in an even stronger company that is well positioned for the future. Now I'll turn it over to Leila for a look at our regulatory priorities for 2013. Leila?
Leila L. Vespoli: Thanks, Tony. We have a full plate of regulatory and legislative issues before us this year with significant activity in 4 states. I'll go through the agenda state by state starting with Pennsylvania. In December, we filed a smart meter deployment plan with the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission or PUC. Hearings have been scheduled for May, and I would anticipate final approval by September. The plan calls for deployment over the period 2013 through 2019 with an estimated cost of the completion of about $1.25 billion. Cost recovery is expected to occur through the existing smart meter technology surcharge. We also filed a change to our default service supply plan in Pennsylvania, which shifted procurement to 2 auctions per year from 4. The second 2013 auction was completed on February 12. FirstEnergy Solutions participated and won 24 out of 75 tranches. In response to the PUC's guidance in its retail market investigation, last year, we adopted elements of the PUC's earlier recommendations in our default service plan for the period June 2013 through May 2015. We will continue working with the PUC and other stakeholders to promote a fair and robust competitive market. A retail market investigation has also been launched by the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio. While we do not anticipate significant changes to the Ohio market rule, we share the commission's objective to expand retail competition throughout Ohio. Currently, 77% of our Ohio utility load has selected an alternative supplier, and Ohio competitive markets have developed well despite being hindered by some lingering subsidies. A 3-year auction for generation supply for our Ohio utility customers was conducted on January 22, resulting in a price of $59.17 per megawatt hour. FirstEnergy Solutions participated and won 5 of the 17 tranches available for bid, very much consistent with FES' business plan. The next auction is scheduled for October 2013. Also in Ohio, we have an active case with respect to an audit of the alternative energy rider, which recovers costs associated with procurement of renewable energy credit. As you recall, our Ohio utilities purchased these RECs at market prices in 2009 through 2010 to comply with the state's alternative energy law. Now certain parties have suggested that we should have rejected available RECs and instead either paid a penalty or otherwise petitioned the commission for relief. However, Ohio law does not give the commission the authority to relieve us from our statutory requirement when RECs are available. We will continue to participate in these proceedings, which include a public hearing that commenced on February 19 with a decision expected late second or early third quarter. As of July 31, 2013, we will have collected all but $4.9 million of the costs at issue. I'll take a moment here to discuss Hurricane Sandy, which affected practically our entire service area. The total costs associated with restoring service and rebuilding damaged part of our system in 5 states is approximately $860 million. A state-by-state breakdown of the capital, expense and cost deferral is available on the consolidated report to the financial community, which was posted to our website this morning. In New Jersey, where the damage from Hurricane Sandy was the most devastating, our costs were about $630 million. As you know, we filed a base rate case for JCP&L in November as required by the New Jersey Board of Public Utility. On February 22, we amended the case to include $603 million of the distribution costs relating to Hurricane Sandy, including approximately $345 million for capital expenditures incurred while restoring service, as well as $258 million in deferred expenses that we propose to recover over a 6-year period. Despite the massive damage and spending on restoring power to JCP&L customers after this historic storm, the impact on our customer rates is still in the single digit. And JCP&L's rates remained the lowest among New Jersey utilities regulated by the BPU. Let's look now at West Virginia. The proposed transaction to transfer full ownership of the Harrison plant to our Mon Power subsidiary is important both for the state and the company. We discussed last quarter this transfer is a part of a resource plan to address the capacity shortfall related to the deactivation of more than 600 megawatts of older regulated generating capacity due to environmental regulation. It is expected to help ensure reliable power for our Mon Power and Potomac Edison customers in West Virginia for many years to come. The Harrison facility is equipped with modern emission control, and it produces electricity with coal mined in the state. We believe that this transaction is very positive for the economy of West Virginia. Under the proposed terms, Mon Power would acquire the remaining 80% of the Harrison plant, giving the utility sole ownership of the 1,984-megawatt facility. In addition, Mon Power would sell its 8% minority interest or about 100 megawatts in the Pleasants Power Station to Allegheny Energy Supply. The proposed asset transfer requires approval of the West Virginia Public Service Commission and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. We are well along on the discovery process, and the West Virginia Coal Association and the IBEW have gone on record with the PUC in support of the transaction. Earlier this month, we received the procedural schedule to set hearings in the case from May 29 through May 31. Finally, we have announced that the temporary surcharge that will be used to recover transaction-related expenses once the transfer is approved will have a price tag of less than $1 per month for typical residential customers compared to the prices they were paying in 2012. Mon Power and Potomac Edison have also agreed to fund the base rate case no later than 6 months after the transaction closes to help define the end of that surcharge. We would expect that rate case proceeding to take about 12 months to complete. Thank you for your time. Now I will hand the call over to Jim for a review of the fourth quarter results and our 2013 financial objectives.
James F. Pearson: Thank you, Leila. I'm pleased to be here today. I have enjoyed getting to know many of you over the past several years, and I look forward to meeting many of you on my new role. Today, I will review the fourth quarter and full year 2012 results, then close with a discussion of our 2013 financial plan. Before I move on to our 2012 results, I want to reaffirm our non-GAAP earnings guidance for 2013 of $2.85 to $3.15 per share. Let's turn now to the consolidated report, as I walk through our results. Looking at the fourth quarter of 2012, non-GAAP earnings were $0.80 per share, while GAAP results were a loss of $0.35 per share. As I would discuss in a moment, our fourth quarter and full year GAAP results were significantly impacted by pension accounting. In the fourth quarter of 2011, non-GAAP earnings were $0.77 per share, while GAAP earnings were $0.23 per share. For the year, our non-GAAP earnings are $3.34 per share. And as Tony said, that is in line with our 2012 guidance. Full year 2012 GAAP earnings are $1.85 per share. These results compare to 2011 non-GAAP earnings of $3.64 per share and GAAP earnings of $2.22 per share. On Pages 4 and 20 of the consolidated report, you can find the list of special items that make up the difference between the GAAP and non-GAAP results. As I mentioned, the largest of these special items is the mark-to-market adjustment for pension and OPEB accounting, which was a negative $0.91 per share in the fourth quarter primarily related to a reduction in the discount rate. As you may recall, last year, we adopted a change in accounting where we will annually recognize any adjustments from deviations in actuarial assumptions in year incurred versus amortizing them over a number of years. In 2011, this adjustment was $0.74 per share, but it was more than offset by a onetime gain from the sale of non-core assets. Other special items for the fourth quarter 2012 include plant deactivation cost, which decreased GAAP earnings by $0.12 per share; a decrease of $0.04 per share from impacts of the sale or impairment of non-core assets; other mark-to-market gains of $0.03 per share; a decrease of $0.03 per share related to merger accounting for commodity contracts and $0.02 per share in merger-related cost; a decrease of $0.02 per share related to tax legislative changes, regulatory charges of $0.02 per share, trust securities impairment of a $0.01 per share and a charge of $0.01 per share for restructuring costs. Moving now to the drivers of our ongoing results. Clearly, Hurricane Sandy had a significant impact on our company during the quarter. Approximately 10,000 employees from across the company were dedicated to storm restoration efforts from late October through mid-November, redeploying them to capital work instead of O&M. Regulated distribution O&M expense, net of storm deferrals, decreased in the quarter as a result of this mass redeployment of the workforce. O&M also benefited from lower expenses related to our fossil and nuclear plants, as well as the coal units we deactivated in the third quarter. These items, in total, increased earnings by $0.08 per share. Let's turn now to distribution deliveries, which increased earnings by $0.04 per share. Overall deliveries increased 252,000 megawatt hours or about 1%. Commercial deliveries were essentially flat, while industrial deliveries were down 3% compared to the fourth quarter of 2011 largely due to reduced operations by many of our large steel, automotive and refinery customers. Residential deliveries increased by 5% quarter-over-quarter influenced by colder weather versus the same period in 2011. With regard to economic recovery in our service territory, we still have a ways to go. Full year 2012 sales adjusted for weather show that residential volumes are now on par with the levels we experienced in 2007. However, commercial sales remain down 5% and industrial sales are still 8% below prerecession levels. Further, while industrial sales have improved versus their 2009 low point, they have been basically stagnant for the past 3 years. Moving back to the fourth quarter drivers. 2012 earnings also benefited by a total of $0.04 per share primarily as a result of investment income as we rebalanced our nuclear decommissioning trust portfolio and general taxes. Commodity margin reduced earnings by $0.08 per share in the quarter. Looking at commodity margin from a high level, the execution of our retail strategy resulted in a sales gain of $0.11 per share, but this was offset by $0.19 per share decrease in capacity revenues due to lower capacity prices. It should be noted that capacity prices and PJM during the June 2012 through May 2013 and June 2013 through May 2014 planning years are at historic lows in the range of $16 to $28 per megawatt day primarily as a result of auctions in the 2009 and 2010 periods that were at the depths of our recession. Further, the June 2014 through May 2016 planning years, as a result of auctions conducted in 2011 and 2012, prices are substantially higher in the $100-plus per megawatt day range. On a more granular scale, overall contract sales increased 10% or $0.07 per share. And once again, the volume gains in contract sales offset the impact of lower market prices. Governmental aggregation sales increased 29% in the quarter driven primarily by new contracts in Illinois. Mass market sales rose 72% with much of that growth in Pennsylvania. And sales to large commercial and industrial customers increased 6%, as new customers in Southern Ohio offset lower use by some of our large commercial customers in our Ohio and Pennsylvania utility service territory. Finally, POLR sales continue to decrease, consistent with our retail strategy to realign our sales portfolio. I'll mention here that FirstEnergy Solution's hedge position for the balance of 2013 is currently at 96%. Commodity margin in the fourth quarter also benefited from lower capacity expense, lower fuel expense related to increased nuclear output in the generation mix and gains from net financial sales and purchases. These were offset by lower PJM capacity revenues as I mentioned earlier, a decrease in wholesale sales due to higher contract sales and lower generation output, higher purchased power costs mainly related to having Sammis temporarily offline and serving more customers, higher transmission expense and lower sales of renewable energy credits. While 2012 commodity margin was negatively impacted by lower capacity revenues at a lower average rate of 56 per megawatt hour, we are pleased with the progress that FirstEnergy Solutions is making. We ended the year with 100 million megawatt hours in competitive sales, a 10% increase compared to 2011. And we grew our retail customer base by 42% through the continued success of our multi-channel strategy. Respecting our 2012 financial plan, we funded the Bruce Mansfield sale leaseback repurchase and took out additional nuclear sale leasebacks. We also contributed $600 million to the pension fund, putting the pension plan in the position to be fully funded once the discount rate returns to more historic levels, for example, like those adopted by Congress for determining funding obligations. And while we remain generally on track to achieve our overall goals, the cash requirements from the ratio and Hurricane Sandy put some additional pressure on our balance sheet. Looking now at 2013. Our financial plan is structured to improve the balance sheet, enhance liquidity and maintain investment-grade credit metrics. The plan initially focuses on reducing debt at our competitive companies, primarily FES and Allegheny Supply, by at least $1.5 billion. The proceeds of the Harrison-Pleasants transaction in West Virginia combined with asset sales are expected to be sufficient to fund the debt reduction. The assets we intend to sell are primarily our competitive hydro fleet, which includes nearly 1,180 megawatts that were initially in our plans to be sold in 2015. We're expecting to retire a combination of both tax-exempts bonds and taxable debt to achieve these debt reductions. While we have not looked to target taxable debt in recent years, it is now on our list of potential actions, as we weigh the redemption costs against the benefits of future interest savings from the current low-interest environment. On the liquidity front, we are also working to refinance short-term borrowings with long-term debt as appropriate at our utilities and possibly at the corporate level. This refinancing activity would term out some of our revolver borrowings and again, take advantage of today's historically low interest rates to position ourselves for the future. We're also working with our banks to extend the maturity of existing credit facilities totaling $5.5 billion for an additional year to 2018. We believe this is a comprehensive plan that moves us where we would like to be in terms of our credit metrics and once completed, would significantly improve the balance sheet, especially at our competitive operations. As Tony outlined, we are focused on growth across each of our businesses, including investments in new transmission projects and growing our competitive business. As we address these opportunities, we believe a modest amount of equity, late this year of up to $300 million subject to market and other conditions, will help to further strengthen our balance sheet and investment-grade metrics and support our growth initiatives. We will explore auctions, which may include implementing a dribble program this -- late this year to effectively address these ongoing requirements. Importantly, this level of equity will not take us off course from the guidance we've reaffirmed for 2013. Finally, while it is always subject to board approval, I will reiterate that we expect to maintain our dividend. Our regulated operations, distribution and transmission provide a strong foundation of earnings and cash, which support the dividend, and our competitive businesses further support the payout. As we move forward, we will continue to assess our operations and look for additional opportunities to reduce our cost. Most importantly, we remain well positioned to take advantage of opportunities created by expanded competitive markets and improved economic conditions. Now I'll ask the operator to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Dan Eggers from Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Jim, just kind of following on maybe on where you left off on your comments just with the fund-raising options between the Harrison transfer of that nearly 1,200 megawatts of hydro sale and then $300 million of equity. Even using pretty conservative assumptions, it seems like you'll get well past the $1.5 billion debt paydown target you guys talked about. How do we put that level of fundraising in context with -- kind of with the strategy of getting down to the $1.5 billion? What happens with the excess money?
James F. Pearson: Well, Dan, as Tony alluded to, we're in the midst of a growth program also. We're investing in our transmission facilities. In conjunction with the Harrison asset transfer, we're going to have an equity infusion down into the Mon Power level. We're also growing our competitive business. And as we said, we believe the finance plan we have laid out with the asset transfer, as well as the asset sales will more than cover the $1.5 billion. But with our focus on growth, we thought it would be prudent to add a bit of equity to the mix.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And I guess, if you look out to kind of '14 and beyond, do you see the need to continue raising equity at that kind of rate to support the growth program? Or is this just a rebalancing option in your mind?
James F. Pearson: At this point, Dan, I would consider a rebalancing, but as we go out into the future and continue to look at our growth opportunities, we'll always consider equity in the mix.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess, if you have Donny on the phone, Donny, can you talk a little bit about kind of with 96% hedged for 2013, how the volume targets have matched off against what you guys provided at EEI? and if there's any customer segments that are doing better or worse than what you thought you're going to be doing?
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, sure, Dan. So our target hasn't changed. I think at the EEI we said 104 terawatt hours. I would tell that you I have a boss who continually challenges me to exceed that, so we'll see how the year progresses. The 94% is against that original target though.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And are you seeing kind of customer cost mix consistent with original expectations or there's been some movement?
Donald R. Schneider: No. It's still pretty much in line with -- we've really done well on our mass market sales. We've just recently launched our customer choice campaign, and we would see that bringing in additional mass market customers along with continuing to push on gov ag.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So just following up on Dan's last question there, with respect to asset sales, et cetera, how does the $300 million kind of jive against expectations there if you could kind of just be a little bit more explicit?
Anthony J. Alexander: I'll just give you my perspective on it. I think the transactions would otherwise have laid out for the asset sales in Harrison where we're more than adequate to carry out the game plan that we've laid out for debt reduction. The $300 million we talk in terms of equity is going to help support some of the growth initiatives that we have going on throughout the company, including the transmission expansion plans that we have, several plans to increase the capacity at some of our nuclear plants to renew turbines and things of that nature that are beginning to position the company for longer-term growth as this economy improves.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And could you speak to the timing of asset sales? Just is it a this year event? Or is this kind of over the next couple of years or what have you?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, I think the key one that we're talking about at this point, next -- there's always an opportunity for asset sales as you guys well know from our -- what we've done over the last several years. But the key one being the hydro sale, we would like to complete this year, and that's our -- that's what we are targeting to accomplish.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then perhaps going back broadly and tying retail back into this, as I heard your comments, you described growing retail broadly speaking. How does that jive with asset sales here? I mean, are we talking about potentially adding selective assets in markets where perhaps you might want to serve more from your generation, i.e., Eastern PJM or something?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, not at this point. I think at this point, what we're looking at is allowing sales to drive generation investment. And I have confidence in Donny and his team to drive retail sales to the levels beyond where we're at today such that beginning to reinvest in our power plants to reduce forced loss rates, make them more efficient so we can get more kilowatt hours out of the same machines will be where most of our investment is targeted. In the near term, much of that investment is being targeted towards the nuclear upgrades in the -- not only at Beaver Valley in 2012, but 2013, we have upgrades at both Perry and Beaver Valley 2 or Beaver Valley 1 for new turbines. But we have with some major investments in the nuclear fleet with respect to steam generator replacements, which will reduce our long-term O&M costs and give us -- in addition, give us shorter outages, which will create more kilowatt hours from those -- from that fleet to be used and deployed in the retail strategy. So there's a lot of activity going on, and there's a lot of opportunities yet inside the fleet to expand and become more effective with the machines we have before we look outside.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And just a real quick clarification. Given pension, mark to market, et cetera, pension funding plans as it stands today, there are no contributions projected for '13 or beyond.
James F. Pearson: That's correct, Julien. Probably the first time that we would make a contribution would be 2016 for the 2015 plan year, and that's just based on current rates. So we don't have any expectation on making a contribution over the next several years.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Stephen Byrd from Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to just get your general thoughts on low-growth outlook. I know there's a lot of unusual weather activity, and for the year, total low was up 70 basis points from last year. But as you mentioned in your sort of prepared remarks, there was certainly a lot of movement within the investment classes. Could you just talk a little bit further about the 3 customer classes and your general views on the outlook for low growth amongst those 3 classes?
James F. Pearson: Stephen, this is Jim. We're looking at load growth of about 0.5% to 0.6% next year. What we see the residential and commercial areas just growing ever so slightly, and the industrial sector has been sluggish over the last 3 years. It's remained fairly stagnant. Now we're seeing some positive signs such as Ford. They're opening up a new engine plant, and we expect ultimately that we'll start seeing industrial and commercial activity coming from the Marcellus and the Utica Shale that we have in our area. But I don't see that as active in 2013 as maybe it will be when we get out in '14 and beyond.
Anthony J. Alexander: I think that's right, Steve. I'm being a little cautious in terms of how fast this economy will turn around. I think this area is poised to grow and grow at rates that are potentially far greater than what we've seen in the past because of the economic development potential in -- for the Marcellus and Utica Shale. We're all looking -- if you take a look across the area, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Ohio, it basically sits on our -- sits under our service territory. There's a lot of expectations right now in terms of a manufacturing renaissance taking advantage of the locational advantage they would have for energy. And we'd hope to see this as a catalyst for a much more significant and much more sustained growth not only in the manufacturing and industrial segments but the fallout of that through the commercial and the residential markets. So, so much depends on what happens to the economy in general in terms of are we going to be growing or continuing to kind of stagnate and are we going to begin to use the resources we have as a country to really reposition the economic capability and potential, particularly of this region, to take advantage of it.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Now that's very helpful. And then just one follow-up on, Jim, on the equity side of things. As you think about funding growth, you had mentioned up to $300 million to fund some of your growth objectives. Would you envision the dribble as being the primary method to achieve that?
James F. Pearson: There is various methods there, Stephen. At this point, the dribble method is one that we like.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just quickly on the asset sales, are you looking -- Tony, I just want to make sure I heard this correctly -- exclusively at the hydro Assets? Or are there other things you potentially on the table? Or should we just sort of be focused on that?
Anthony J. Alexander: I think that's the primary one, Jonathan. I mean there's always assets moving around in this company because of -- just because of our location. For example, we have lots of resources and lots of land in -- that sits above Marcellus and Utica Shale. So I mean I suspect there'll be some transactions like that. They'll typically be one-offs. I think the real game here is going to be played on the hydro assets.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And did you -- have you disclosed kind of what book value is on those assets or anything other than just the megawatts?
Anthony J. Alexander: I don't plan on telling anybody what the book value is.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And if I may, just sort of another front. There's obviously a lot of talk around EPA planning to regulate, have a move forward on regulating carbon. Can you just talk about how that's factoring into your thought process around investment in the coal fleet? What are you thinking comes out of that process? And what sort of time frame do you get enough clarity to sort of be certain that what you're doing on your existing plants will sort of survive future regulation on the CO2 front? Anything you can tell us there?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, I guess, Jonathan, if I had all those answers, I'd feel really good about it. All I can tell you is I think we're preparing ourselves to deal with these issues as best we can. If you take a look at our fleet and you compare, for example, going back in time to either 1990 or 2005, which are the kind of the dates that had been thrown around to measure, we will have reduced our carbon footprint in our fleet significantly beyond what any expectations were at either the Kyoto Protocol of 1990 or the 2005 baselines that were used before. So we've done a lot. A lot of the plants as they get shut down reposition. The investing in the nuclear fleet to produce more out of that side of the house has done -- has improved significantly the -- and reduced significantly the amount of CO2 that our fleet produces. So on balance, a lot of it depends on what the rules are and what the baseline is in terms of what the expectations are going forward. We all know that there's no technology today that's commercially available to address this issue in a major coal-fired facility. So there has to be a transition period. There has to be recognized -- somehow, we have to recognize the time frame associated with it. And quite frankly, I think our fleet's in pretty good position.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Neel Mitra from Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question. Can you give us a rough sense of what your earned ROEs were in 2012 and just what opportunities or whether you'd be in the rate case arena besides in New Jersey in Mon Power for the asset swap in the coming years?
Leila L. Vespoli: This is Leila. We do provide information regarding our ROEs in an ongoing basis with our state utility commission, the majority of which is publicly available. And what we're going to be doing, we're going to be pulling together our latest filings and hope to make them available in our investor presentation materials at our conference next week. But I think the long and the short of it is we believe that our utilities are earning a fair return as permitted by state law.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Second question on the generation side, how willing are you to rely on the purchase power market to fund, I guess, the retail sales? I know now that you're running generation less, you rely more on the purchase power market. And how far are you willing to go on that just in terms of how risky that is?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, obviously, when we think those issues through, the risk is associated with the -- more with the creditworthiness of the person that you're buying from. We will close positions against the sales that we make and then essentially reclose those positions using our own assets once we determine that the sale is sustainable and if we can increase the margin associated with that sale by essentially producing it ourselves.
Operator: Our final question is coming from the line of Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: There'd been -- you mentioned the manufacturing that it's on and there'd been a bunch of new power plants that have been announced in Ohio and Pennsylvania. Some of them are merchant. I'm just wondering any thoughts about what that presents in terms of an opportunity to you. Or competitive threat? Or just what do you make of that?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, my own sense is that the market today has sufficient capacity in it, so investments in new generation of significant amounts is -- it could be a problem for the investors.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. The hydro asset, it doesn't sound like you guys are talking about the book value or anything. Can you give us a sense of what the capacity factor is on those plants?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, we probably could. I don't think we have it with us. But you got to remember you can't look at capacity factor for some of these plants or pump storage because relatively meaningless because -- well, they really run during the day, and they're pumped up at night, then run a river kinds of facilities the rest of them are -- I mean, I don't -- I'm not sure capacity factor is particularly relevant.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. But I mean, I guess, you know where I'm coming from. I'm trying to figure the margin if you can tell us that, sort of a sense as to what might be going away as you sell those.
Anthony J. Alexander: We're not particularly concerned about it on our fleet, again, because of the other options we have.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great. And then in terms of the Harrison plant, you guys mentioned the December letter, that if you didn't have 100% of the plant, you may not be able to offer it into the RPM auction at a price that would clear. Given now what the procedural schedule is, it looks like, I mean, the approval's going to happen after the auction. How should we think about that?
Donald R. Schneider: Paul, this is Donny. We'll bid the Harrison plant into the auction in May from FES' side of the equation.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: But we should expect it to clear?
Donald R. Schneider: Well, we'll treat it like we would any other generator that we bid in, Paul.
Anthony J. Alexander: Yes. The asset's going to bid and I guess, by 2 entities. One would be the utility. They'll choose what to bid. And the other will be FES on their other ownership, and they'll choose what the bid.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just finally on the POLR and the PUC in Pennsylvania. It seems like they've changed the rules, and I'm just wondering is that a lot more opportunity -- does that give you guys more opportunity on the retail side there?
Donald R. Schneider: Are you talking about where they are going with these shorter-term bids, Paul?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Yes. Sounds like they want to create more volatility almost like they want to sort of force people to shop or encourage them to shop, I guess, is a better way to put it.
Donald R. Schneider: Well, clearly, that Pennsylvania has an objective. They would love to see 100% of the customers shop. And I think that those auctions are designed to do that. We've participated in those processes, and we're very comfortable competing both in the POLR auctions as well as the retail front.
James F. Pearson: Okay. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. Tony, Leila and I will be in New York next week for a conference, and we look forward to seeing many of you there. As always, we appreciate your support and your interest in FirstEnergy. Thank you.
Anthony J. Alexander: Thank you, everyone.
Leila L. Vespoli: Thank you.
Anthony J. Alexander: Bye now.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines, and you have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-08 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Meghan Beringer Mark Tanner Clark - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Anthony J. Alexander - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Donald R. Schneider - Principal Executive Officer and President Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ashar Khan Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Meghan Beringer, Director of Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you, miss. You may begin.
Meghan Beringer: Thank you, and good afternoon. During this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp. are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated report to the financial community, which was released earlier today and is also available on our website under the Earnings Release link. Reconciliations to GAAP for the non-GAAP earnings measures we will be referring to today are also contained in that report, as well as on the Investor Information section on our website at www.firstenergycorp.com/ir. Participating in today's call are Tony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Clark, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; Donny Schneider, President of FirstEnergy Solutions; Jim Pearson, Senior Vice President and Treasurer; Harvey Wagner, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; and Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations. I'll now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Tanner Clark: Thanks, Meghan, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us. With our 2000 earnings forecast being of great interest to many of you, we thought it would be best to start today's call with the financial discussion, then Tony will follow with closing comments on the company and the economy. Before I move to the third quarter review, I'd like to talk briefly about Hurricane Sandy, the most devastating storm in our country's history and its impact on 2.3 million customers in the communities across our entire service territory, no doubt including some of you who may be on the call. Outages related to the hurricane were fully restored in Ohio and Pennsylvania earlier this week, and we are working to complete restoration in our New Jersey, West Virginia and Maryland service territories as quickly and safely as possible. There may be isolated pockets of New Jersey customers located in inaccessible areas or who have individual flooding or down-line issues that will take longer. Yesterday's nor'easter created an additional 120,000 new outages in the areas affected by Hurricane Sandy, and we brought in 1,600 additional crews today to assist with restoration. In addition to nearly 1,000 -- excuse me, 11,000 of our own employees, hurricane restoration has been assisted by almost 9,000 outside crews that were available to us as a result of our membership in 4 mutual assistance organizations: Mid-Atlantic Mutual Assistance, The New York Mutual Assistance Group, Southeastern Electric Exchange and Great Lakes Mutual Assistance. Tony will talk more about the hurricane and its impact in a few minutes. Let's get started with a review of the quarter. Today, we were pleased to report solid third quarter earnings results that are very much consistent with our expectations, including continued growth in retail. Excluding special items, non-GAAP earnings for the third quarter of 2012 are $1.11 per share, compared to $1.39 per share in the same period of last year. On a GAAP basis, third quarter 2012 earnings were $1.02 per share, compared to $1.27 per share in the third quarter last year. Year-to-date 2012 non-GAAP earnings are $2.53 per share and GAAP earnings are $2.20 per share. We are narrowing our 2012 non-GAAP earnings guidance to $3.30 to $3.40 per share, which is the lower end of our previous range. Although we continue to successfully manage our costs and improve retail margins, these efforts have not been able to offset the impacts from the weak economy, which continues to languish much longer than expected, or the weaker sales generally and mild weather this year. As we discuss third quarter drivers, it may be helpful for you to refer to the consolidated report to the financial community, which was posted on our website this morning. Special items are detailed on Page 5 of the report. These 5 items have a net impact of decreasing third quarter 2012 GAAP earnings by $0.09 per share. Special items for the third quarter of 2012 include a $0.02 per share decrease related to tax legislative changes, a $0.03 per share decrease related to merger accounting for commodity contracts, a $0.03 per share decrease from regulatory charges and a charge of $0.04 per share associated with plant deactivation costs. These reductions were partially offset by a $0.03 per share gain from mark-to-market adjustments. As a note, we have normalized the revenues and expenses related to the older coal-fired units that we designated for deactivation as a result of environmental regulations. The Reliability Must-Run units are not being normalized after September 1, 2012. These units are receiving RMR payments from PJM that effectively makes their operating earnings neutral. Now let me move to the main drivers for the third quarter, starting with the positives. The first of these is lower operating costs, which include lower expense associated with ongoing fossil operations; the transfer from expense to capital of utility project costs relating to the alignment of Allegheny's work management system with the FirstEnergy system; and lower energy delivery expenses, primarily due to more devoted -- more work devoted to capital projects in the third quarter of 2012 compared to the same period last year, as well as lower overall non-deferred storm costs across all service territories this year versus last. Earnings also benefited from lower interest expense as a result of recent financing activities, lower depreciation expense due to a reduction in depreciation rates for West Penn Power and lower general taxes primarily due to lower gross receipts. With respect to the negative drivers for the third quarter, they include a higher effective income tax rate, lower distribution deliveries and reduced commodity margin. Distribution deliveries decreased earnings by $0.04 per share, compared to the third quarter of 2011 as overall deliveries decreased 1.7 million megawatt hours or 4%. Commercial deliveries were down 3%. And for the first time in several quarters, we also saw a decrease in industrial deliveries. While there was some growth in the chemical and refinery sectors, industrial deliveries were down 5% overall compared to the third quarter of 2011 as a result of lower steel and automotive production. Finally, residential deliveries decreased by 4% in the quarter. Some of the year-over-year decline in residential consumption can be attributable to weather. Despite the hot summer in much of our service territory early in the quarter, third quarter temperatures were actually about 4% milder on the whole than in 2011. Let's move now to a review of commodity margin, which is detailed on Pages 2 and 3 of the consolidated report. In that report, you'll also find additional information on megawatt hour volumes. Overall, commodity margin had a negative impact of $0.34 per share. As you know, this includes the absence of the $0.18 per share benefit realized in the third quarter of 2011 related to fuel contract restructuring. It also includes a $0.22 per share impact from lower PJM, RPM capacity revenues, which is primarily a result of lower capacity prices that became effective this past June. Excluding those 2 items, third quarter commodity margin increased earnings by $0.06 per share compared to the third quarter of 2011, driven by a 10% increase in competitive contract sales volume. These gains in contract sales once again partially offset energy prices. While overall prices were down about -- down by about $3 per megawatt hour, the net impact to our sales was only about $1 per megawatt hour after adjusting out the impact of lower capacity prices. Looking more closely at third quarter competitive contract sales, we achieved a 9% increase in direct sales driven by growth in Central and Southern Ohio; mass market sales more than doubled, driven primarily by growth in Pennsylvania and in Ohio; a 47% increase in structured sales; a 15% increase in government aggregation sales. In the past year, we have signed on 43 new communities in Ohio and 81 new communities in Illinois. This week's selection governmental aggregation was approved in about 200 Illinois communities and we will be actively participating in the process to make offer to those potential new customers. And finally, consistent with our retail strategy to realign our sales portfolio, solar sales continue to decrease. Commodity margin also benefited from lower congestion, network and transmission line loss expense, net financial sales and purchases and lower fuel expense primarily due to a 3.4 million megawatt hour decrease in generation output from our competitive fleet compared to the third quarter of 2011. This reflects the change in our economic dispatch strategy, a nuclear outage and the plant deactivations that occurred on September 1. Purchased power increased by $0.40 per share due to decreased generation volume and the increased retail sales I just mentioned. Finally, wholesale sales volume had an $0.08 per share negative impact on the quarter results. This also reflects the 21% decline in prices at the 80 Hub from $43 to $33 year-over-year. As I’ve said before, our retail strategy partially mitigates the impact of the prices established in the wholesale market. We remain very pleased with the overall performance of FirstEnergy Solutions. We've achieved a 42% increase in the number of retail customers compared to the same period in 2011, and we look to end 2012 with 101 million megawatt hours in competitive sales. We believe our retail strategy has 2 primary competitive advantages: First, we are building our retail book to look like a utility in a regulated market, using a generating portfolio that was originally built for that kind of load. The difference today is that we can optimize our channel mix because we are not constrained by the old geographic barriers. Second, we now have more than 2.5 million retail customers, which gives us a much larger customer base or denominator to spread back-office costs. We believe that these 2 advantages results in pricing flexibility that sets us apart even in a depressed power market. We believe this is why FirstEnergy Solutions has been so successful in the market. Now moving away from 2012 to a more detailed discussion of our 2013 non-GAAP earnings guidance, which is $2.85 to $3.15 per share. A high-level overview of the 2013 non-GAAP earnings drivers, sales forecast and generation forecast can be found on Page 22 of our consolidated report. In 2013, our regulated utilities are projected to deliver solid earnings of $2.08 to $2.13 per share, and our transmission segment is expected to earn between $0.47 and $0.52 per share. The earnings from our regulated operations are in line with our prior guidance. As we have said in the past, these 2 segments, combined, provide a solid foundation with stable earnings, cash and strong support for our dividend. Corporate and other is expected to reduce 2000 earnings by $0.25 per share. Our competitive operations are expected to provide between $0.55 and $0.75 per share in 2013. Total sales volumes to direct retail customers or those in the LCI, MCI, governmental aggregation and mass market channels are expected to grow by 12% year-over-year while POLR and structured sales are expected to be down 6% compared to 2012, again consistent with our strategy to shift away from POLR. Our competitive sales volume forecast for 2013 has been revised to 104 million megawatt hours, and we anticipate an average rate per megawatt hour of $53. At this point, our 2013 sales are already 81% committed. We are providing a range for competitive generation output next year of 78 million to 93 million megawatt hours. We are giving a range because it provides the flexibility to respond to market conditions as we continue to leverage our fuel and dispatch strategies accordingly. I'm sure you have questions on the drivers for 2013, some of which we can answer today. But I also want to note that we will be posting materials for the EEI Financial Conference to our website this Sunday afternoon. Those materials will include additional information in advance of the conference where we look forward to seeing many of you. One final note before turning it over to Tony. I wanted to also brief you on a project that we're very excited about. We've entered into a nonbinding memorandum of understanding with American Municipal Power or AMP to develop 873 megawatts of peaking capacity at our Eastlake plant located in the ATSI footprint and just east of Cleveland, Ohio. This project is subject to, among other things, regulatory approval. Under the MOU, we would supervise construction of the units. AMP would provide 100% of the construction financing and own 75%. Upon completion, FirstEnergy will purchase the remaining 25%. Importantly, FirstEnergy Generation will manage the project and operate the units. At this juncture, we anticipate the facility would be operational in early 2016 and would be bid into the 2016-2017 PJM-RPM auction scheduled for next May. This proposed project is expected to reduce our need for some of the previously announced transmission projects and extend the timeframe for others. As a result, our earlier estimates for transmission spending of between $700 million to $900 million for 2016 have been reduced by about $200 million, bringing the estimated transmission spend to $500 million to $700 million. Approximately $150 million of that will be incurred in 2013. We are very pleased with this project and its potential benefit to FirstEnergy. As we move forward, we will continue to assess our operations and look for additional opportunities to reduce our costs. Most importantly, we remain well positioned to take advantage of opportunities created by expanded competitive markets and improved economic conditions. Now, I'll turn the call over to Tony.
Anthony J. Alexander: Thanks, Mark, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll begin today with a brief update on some recent events, and then I'll provide my perspective on the economy and the actions we are taking to strengthen the company as we continue to address the challenges of low market prices and weak demand for electricity. First, we know many of you experienced, firsthand, the devastating impact of Hurricane Sandy. The wind, flooding and snow associated with the storm ultimately resulted in power outages for about 1/3 of the utility customers we serve across our entire service area. The storm, which was far more destructive than Hurricane Irene and last year's unusual October snowstorm, has required replacement of more than 7,000 poles, 24,000 crossarms, 3,000 transformers and nearly 600 miles of wire and cable. Storm costs are expected to be in excess of $500 million and approximately 95% of that is expected to be capitalized or deferred for future recovery. Final storm costs will be determined during the fourth quarter. We called upon every available resource to restore service to our customers as quickly as possible. Our own employees from across our 10 operating companies were joined by thousands of contractors and mutual assistant crews from other utilities all across the United States. Together, they worked under difficult conditions to clear debris and make repairs at thousands of locations throughout our service area. I'd like to extend a special thanks to the elected officials, police, fire and emergency management personnel for their dedicated efforts in keeping public safety a priority and helping us meet the unprecedented challenges of this disastrous storm. We understand that losing power is a significant hardship, and we greatly appreciate our customers' patience and understanding as we continue to complete this massive restoration effort. Let's move now to a review of regulatory activity. In Ohio, a 3-year auction for generation supply for our Ohio utility customers was conducted on October 23 and resulted in a price of $60.89 per megawatt hour. FirstEnergy Solutions participated and won 5 of the 17 tranches available for bid. The next auction is scheduled for January 2013. Also in Ohio, the Public Utilities Commission approved our application to securitize previously incurred costs that are currently being recovered from customers under deferred recovery riders. As filed in the application, those riders were estimated at $436 million as of December 31, 2012. This was the first test of the state's new securitization law. We expect to file an application for rehearing on November 9 to obtain certain changes and clarifications to the PUCO order. Once the rehearing process is successfully resolved, we expect to use the proceeds from the transaction to reduce debt at our Ohio utility companies. Finally, in August, the PUCO ruled on AEP's modified electric security plan. And in mid-October, the PUCO upheld many provisions of its July order in the AEP Ohio capacity case. In addition, Dayton Power & Light filed an electric security plan in October. We continue to believe that giving customers the right to shop will result in lower electric bills in an improved Ohio business climate. FirstEnergy Solutions will continue to monitor and actively participate in these cases and remain a strong advocate for competitive markets. Turning now to new regulatory activity. Leila Vespoli and her team will be focused on 2 new proceedings over the next year or so. In New Jersey, we will file a rate case with the Board of Public Utilities by December 1. The filing was delayed from the originally scheduled filing date of November 1 due to the devastating impact of Hurricane Sandy on New Jersey. In West Virginia, we plan to file with the Public Service Commission for approval to transfer ownership of the Harrison plant to our Mon Power Subsidiary. West Virginia is our only fully regulated service territory and we deactivated about 600 megawatts of regulated generating capacity there earlier this year due to the new environmental regulations. This transfer is part of a resource plan to address the capacity shortfall and ensure reliable power for Mon Power and Potomac Edison customers in West Virginia. Under the terms of the proposed asset transfer, Mon Power would acquire an additional 80% of the Harrison plant, giving the utility sole ownership of the 1,984 megawatt facility. In addition, Mon Power would sell its 8% minority interest or 100 megawatts in the Pleasants Power Station to Allegheny Energy Supply. We considered a number of alternatives to obtain the necessary energy and capacity in West Virginia, including purchasing power from the market or building new generation. We believe this proposed asset transfer is the most cost-effective option for our customers and our company over time. And since the facility is equipped with modern emission controls and produces electricity with locally mined coal, the plan should be very positive for the economy of West Virginia. The proposed asset transfer will require approval from the West Virginia Public Service Commission and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. Moving now to an update on some of our marketing efforts. Our retail strategy focuses on optimizing our channel mix. And as you heard earlier, we expect to grow our direct retail sales by 12% in 2013. As a part of this effort, in late August, FirstEnergy Solutions launched a major new mass market campaign featuring a 7-year fixed price offer. This innovative product targets residential and small commercial customers in the Southern Ohio markets, as well as in our Ohio utility footprint. We are extending the offer and also plan to introduce similar fixed price offers in other states, consistent with our strategy of seeking higher-margin channels while continuing to offer innovative products to customers. This program, along with others, will help shape our retail portfolio, consistent with our overall strategy. We remain focused on building our retail business and strengthening our brand among customers in targeted markets. We believe this retail strategy, as well as the actions we're taking across the rest of our business, will position FirstEnergy to take advantage of improving economic conditions over time. Now with respect to the economy, we certainly anticipated that it would be more robust when we developed our initial forecast for 2012 and 2013. Instead, we continue to see very slow, even stagnant growth. The impact on our company, and in fact, our industry is essentially flat electric distribution sales with no growth in the residential sector, decreasing demand from many small and medium-sized commercial customers and very spotty growth in many sectors of the industrial customer class. This weak sales environment is coupled with depressed power and natural gas prices over the past year or so, which has put downward pressure on earnings from our competitive segment. With a significant oversupply of generation and weak demand continuing to dominate in our region, we expect these conditions to continue in the near term. Longer term, in 2015 and beyond, coal plant deactivations as a result of MATS and other environmental regulations should improve the power supply and demand imbalance that we have today. In response to these ongoing conditions, we took a step back and reframed our projections and some of our short-term strategies. We accelerated our normal budgeting process in order to share our 2013 outlook with you today. And we completed a thorough assessment of how we operate our facilities, taking the steps necessary to continue reducing costs and aggressively managing our expenses. As a part of that process, we completed an organizational study that resulted in the reduction of approximately 200 positions in our corporate support departments and at FirstEnergy Solutions. In addition, we anticipate the reduction of another 300 to 400 positions throughout 2013 due to normal attrition throughout our operations. We also implemented changes to the 401(k), health care and other employee and retiree benefits. We will continue to assess our operations, our regulatory opportunities and financial initiatives to ensure that we continue to deliver value and remain positioned to take advantage of growth when the economy does eventually recover. And as we pursue additional cost savings, we remain focused on ensuring we have a strong balance sheet given our increased capital program over the next several years. We have a strong management team, and we are prepared to meet these challenges in order to deliver shareholder value. As we look to the future, we see several catalysts for longer-term growth. First is the overall improvement in the general economic conditions over time should bring us back to at least modest levels of growth at the regulated utilities, and we see the potential for exciting additional growth opportunities associated with the Marcellus and Utica Shale build-out within our service area. Transmission investments within the FirstEnergy footprint will provide growth and stable returns. The current supply-demand imbalance will likely tighten as additional generating facilities in the region are deactivated due to more stringent environmental regulations. And improvements in the price of natural gas and power will benefit our fleet. Finally, I know there's been a lot of talk recently about dividends. That's where I would like to close. While it's always subject to board approval, we expect to maintain a stable and solid dividend. As the numbers earlier reflected, our regulated operations provide a strong foundation of earnings, cash and support for the dividend. And I am committed to our efforts at maintaining a stable and secure dividend. Thank you for your continued support of FirstEnergy. And now, I would like to open up the call to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dan Eggers of Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Tony, when you think about all the process you guys went through in the last couple of months to reevaluate 2013 and really much of that inquiry of yours have been on the FES side. What is set out to you is kind of the biggest surprises, both positive and negative, to get to guidance where we are right now and if there's anything in there that you see as a bright spot or a negative spot amongst those bands, what do you think they are right now?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, if you take a look at the entire company and the bright spot in my mind, quite frankly, is the resourcefulness of company management and executives to take on problems like we have in the challenges of this current economic condition and come to a positions that allows this company to move forward, to position itself for the future, to be able to take advantage of improving conditions going forward and to deliver in the near term fairly solid results, given the circumstances in the market that we are currently facing.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Tony, when you look at the O&M savings and kind of the ability to bring down headcount, of the decline in O&M in the winds of inflation, how much of that is going to be people-related? And if you think about looking to a recovery, can you support a recovery at this new base or will there be some greater acceleration in costs as the recovery takes off?
Anthony J. Alexander: No, I think I'm pretty comfortable, Dan, with the headcount and numbers that we have in place at this point. We said it looks like about 200 positions have been eliminated. We expect another 300 to 500 next year through kind of normal attrition through the organization. We should be able to hold headcount steady. As the business grows, we'll evaluate the need for additional resources wherever those resources may be needed.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess one last one. Just on kind of on the channels for customer positioning. I know you gave the 2013 numbers and you don't want to get into a '14 guidance situation. But if you were to look at trends, where do you think you're going to see more growth amongst those customer classes looking at kind of some of the market developments we've had recently?
Mark Tanner Clark: This is Mark. I think it’s just as easy for Donny to answer, but we're really targeting the mass market and the middle commercial industrial market. We think those are very fertile for us. We like the stability offered to us by the large commercial industrial market. We said we're going to target less POLR. So you should see growth in both the MCI and mass market, and Donny's group is being very aggressive in those markets and targeting them and coming out with new programs.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I was just thinking through your 2013 guidance and the projected output of the power plants of 78 to 93 terawatt hours. And I'm just sort of thinking through in 2013 and beyond your sort of net long versus short position on power price changes and was wondering if you could give some guidance as to if the forward power price were to change, how that would impact you in 2013?
Donald R. Schneider: Stephen, this is Donny. Rather than think about it from a power plant output perspective, I would draw your attention to our open book. Right now, I think Mark said we're about 81% closed, leaving about 19% of our book open for '13. So obviously, as prices move that -- those sales would reflect increased prices.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Understood. What I was trying to think through is the balance of the retail book that's about 81% hedged versus the power plant open position and trying to figure out sort of on a net basis whether you're sort of evenly matched or if a change in just change power prices would have a sort of net bottom line impact to EPS in 2013?
Mark Tanner Clark: I guess all else being equal, any increase in the power price would have a positive impact on the bottom line. If you're getting to would we run more of our own plants if, in fact, the power prices went up? Yes, we probably would. Right now, we're keeping some of them down because we can buy it less expensive that we can produce it. Donny's also renegotiating a number of the fuel contracts. That'll have an impact next year depending on his success, and he's had great success so far, so higher power prices would in all likelihood mean more production from our side and -- but don't forget that, that also impacts what we can do on the coal contract side.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, understood. And then you had mentioned ATSI and some work you're doing there. As you think about whether that zone may remain constrained or not, does some of your recent activity there sort of change thinking, or how do you generally think about whether that zone could be constrained?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, I don't think adding the generation there is really going to change the dynamics because PJM will make a decision based on the amount of new -- either new transmission or hard generating assets within that area to determine the extent of and where constraints may be and how they would attempt to address them. I still like -- like we've talked in the past, I still like the idea of having generation inside the City of Cleveland and I'm very pleased that we are able to work this arrangement out with AMP. I think it's a solid plan, and I look forward to proceeding with that and getting that deal put through all of the hurdles to make it -- to get started on it.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Understood. And lastly, if I may, just very briefly. On pension assumptions for 2013, anything you would highlight in terms of assumptions that you've made in terms of any material changes in terms of things like discount rates or anything else we should be thinking about as we think about your pension expense?
Mark Tanner Clark: I don't think we've made any changes, but we're no different than anybody else watching the treasuries for what that impact could have on the end of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Couple of questions. I guess, first, the -- is there -- have you assumed the West Virginia transaction gets done in the guidance for '13 and is that meaningful within the range of numbers you're giving?
Mark Tanner Clark: I think the answer to that would be yes and it's in the guidance, but I don't know if I'd characterize it as meaningful.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then on the mass market offers that you've had, could you maybe give us a little more color on what kind of take-up you've had for that offer? What kind of consumer reaction you've had?
Anthony J. Alexander: It's been very positive.
Mark Tanner Clark: Now that's a little bit like the margin question. We prefer not to deal with what individual margins are per channel and we prefer not to talk about the successes in the volumes we were having with respect to individual programs. But we've been very, very pleased with it; that's why we extended it past the October 31 date.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then finally, when you gave the guidance a couple of years ago, in your channels there used to be a wholesale channel. I'm assuming now that your generation is so much lower that you're really not going to be selling anything wholesale. Is that the reason that's no longer showing up there?
Donald R. Schneider: Steve, it's -- a big piece of it is just when you look at forward prices in the wholesale space coupled with where we're at with generation. It just doesn't make a lot of sense to forecast much wholesale sales.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So first question on retail. You've talked about expanding retail here. Just kind of curious on a go-forward basis '13 and perhaps beyond, matching up your load and you generation. I mean, is that an ambition here, obviously gas prices being as volatile as they are, or are they kind of being somewhat structurally separated here from a certain perspective?
Mark Tanner Clark: I don't think they're being structurally separated. I think -- we want to have that retail book look more like a regulated utility and so that would be about 1/3 industrial, 1/3 commercial and 1/3 residential. That's why we're pushing a little bit harder on the mass market residential, the medium commercial, which is kind of the lower end of commercial. We might pull a little bit out of the LCI downward into those channels and we'll be trying to do less on the POLR side. So it ultimately should be pretty close to 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 and that's what we're targeting, but that's what our generation was built for as well, so...
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Right. And so maybe perhaps not to put words in your mouth, when you think about like '14 and beyond, is your thought process to keep your retail intact to 100 terawatt hours and over time see generation kind of leg back up into that level. Is that kind of the thought process?
Mark Tanner Clark: Well, I think we've said in the past that retail will lead generation. As the retail side grows, we may add generation. We may go secure some other sources, but retail will lead the generation portion. In other words, we want to have the sale before we commit on the other side.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Right, right. Absolutely. And speaking of the other side of the equation, could you perhaps describe a little bit more of the economics of the new peaking plant that you described? I mean, I suppose the primary question I would have is didn't this clear in the last auction, the last ATSI capacity auction, that is, and are you benefiting from those kinds of economics or how are you getting paid for this?
Mark Tanner Clark: Well, first, we're not funding the construction of it, so we were really looking at the market in '16 and '17 of which we plan on bidding into, but it did not clear when we proposed it to PJM. But my understanding from AMP is that they don't -- they're indifferent to that and they're going to build it no matter what. They have their own requirements. They self-serve and we're just happy to do this. We're going to build it; we're going to operate it. It helps the reliability issue. It drives down some of our transmission expense. And we're going to own 25% of it at the tail end. So it's kind of a win-win for us and a win-win for them.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got you. And then just a last quick question here. In looking at the details on your '13 guidance, RPM revenues seemed to have come down from what you guided at your last analyst day. In terms of the year-on-year decline, it looked like it's less. You kind of described $200 million. Now it's closer to that $160 million level from what I can tell?
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, Julien, this is Donny. We don't always clear 100% of our available capacity in those BRA auctions. And so when you think about the numbers we give, those are based on the BRA auctions. Subsequent to that, we will always participate in incremental auctions, and on occasion we'll do a bilateral contract for capacity.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got you. So implicitly, what you're saying is you've locked in more capacity contracts in the interim, right?
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ashar Khan of Visium.
Ashar Khan: I was just -- Mark, I don't know if I am front-running the Sunday slides or I don't know if you can help me just trying to get a broader sense. The previous guidance midpoint was around like, if I'm right, $3.30 or so and we are now at $3 so there's a decrement of about nearly like $0.30 -- $0.30, $0.35.
Mark Tanner Clark: It's actually $0.25.
Ashar Khan: $0.25.
Mark Tanner Clark: Right, $3.10 to $3.40 was the prior guidance. Now, it's $2.85 to $3.15.
Ashar Khan: Now if I take the revenues numbers and if I'm throwing the wholesale piece out as Steve has mentioned, but if I just take the revenue that you had previously from the channel sales and which you're giving right now, the decrement is something like $0.80 or so. If I just do the -- decrease the revenues, I'm just doing it like that. And you've mentioned O&M, you pick up $0.15; Mansfield leases, you pick up $0.05, probably another $0.05 on this lower revenues and all that. So I'm left with like trying to account for another $0.40 of improvements to offset that increase in channel revenues. And I don't know if you can help me where those improvements are coming from because you mentioned the regulated business is similar to what it was before and there's been no change over there. Can you just help me where those other $0.40 of improvements are coming from, generally?
Mark Tanner Clark: Well, I don't know if you're front-running or not, but I can tell you that Tony alluded to the fact that we're taking 200 positions out in the corporate and the FES side. Those are effective December 1. So those will not be in next year. We expect 300 to 400 to 500 people to attrit. They will not be in next year's numbers either, so -- and we changed some of the benefit programs, some of the other things around. Those are big numbers. They're well in excess of $100 million, just the things I had alluded to right there. I'd have to go through the whole list of all the changes, but it's pretty much across-the-board. I think Tony said it really, really well when he challenged all of us to go find money. And even though Chuck might be a midpoint of $2.60, which was the midpoint we had him before, there's a little bit of a mix in that. Distribution is up a little bit, transmission is down a little. So even though his numbers might be the same as to a midpoint, they're a little different. And I would say that, there's just a whole host of smallish-type things that added up to a big number. When you take -- after you factor out the volume and the price delta that we already alluded to.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Earlier this morning, PPL actually pointed auto as a bright spot in Kentucky. Can you given a little more flavor about what's going on with steel and auto?
Mark Tanner Clark: Well, I can't give a description of Kentucky, but I know, for example, the Chevy Cruze, which is produced in Youngstown, had a record month last year in terms of sales of 34,000 vehicles. So I think some of it is just a little bit of catch-up. We were going for a while at double-digit year-over-year increases in industrial sales and then we kind of slowed up to the high single digits. So some of it, I think, is just catching up. But again, the Cruze is still running 3 shifts, but I don't believe they're running 3 shifts through the weekend. Ford backed off a shift, but they're still running 2 shifts instead of 3. Steel input -- steel output is strong and that's really, really tied anymore to what's going on in Marcellus and Utica. So it could be just a plant-specific quirk or it could be an industry quirk, but we're really pleased with the plants that we have in our territory because they're all running 2 or 3 shifts.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And if you look at the midpoint of guidance at $3, kind of what underlies that with respect to your expectations economically? Is that just status quo?
Mark Tanner Clark: We didn't do anything in terms of -- if you're asking did we get overly aggressive with the economy to bump the numbers up; no. In fact, I think we held them pretty consistently flat across-the-board.
Operator: Next question comes from Brian Chin of Citigroup.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: For Hurricane Sandy, how much of that $0.5 billion cost comes from Jersey Central versus in Monongahela?
Mark Tanner Clark: I don't have the numbers right in front of me, Brian, but I would say the vast, vast majority, probably 80% or higher.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Comes from Jersey Central.
Mark Tanner Clark: Right.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. I know that you guys have done historically a very good job in terms of recovering storm costs, but when I look at sort of the magnitude of the cost estimates here relative to the amount of outages, it seems like Hurricane Sandy is just a lot higher in order of magnitude of costs. Can you just talk about what was it in particular that made Hurricane Sandy a lot more expensive than, say, Irene or the October storm?
Mark Tanner Clark: Tony flew over in a helicopter so I'll let him talk to that. But I spoke to Chuck Jones, the Head of Utilities this morning and he's been around for 35-some years and he's -- he just continues to say he's never seen anything like this before. But Tony flew over it, so I'll let him speak.
Anthony J. Alexander: I think, Brian, the extent of the damage is extensive and broad, affecting -- when you think about it, it affected almost every customer we have in New Jersey in terms of we had over 1 million customers out. We had to build back the system with not only some transmission, but substation and sub-transmission, substation damage that had to be corrected. And the amount of trees in and across multiple power lines. It's just the way the storm hit, the way it came through New Jersey, hit our service territory and several other companies because they're struggling with many of the same issues that we are, very hard. And you can tell that with the restoration effort the way it is, I mean we're probably restoring at this rate faster than any other restoration any place in the country with this amount of extensive damage. But it's still a very slow go hooking up customers with the amount of damage that's been sustained. I mean it's significant; it's broader than what we've seen before and it's affecting many more circuits multiple -- in multiple places than what we've seen in the past.
Mark Tanner Clark: Brian, I'd just give you one quick example. I mean, if you have a substation that's flooded, you have to wait until it drains out. But in this case, you might have a substation that's flooded with saltwater, which means you not only have to wait for it to drain out, but then you have to re-flush it out so you get the salt off all the circuits, so it's like almost you're getting penalized twice. Once, to have to wait for it to drain out then you've got to deal with the salt that's all over. So it's like this compounding effect.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Understood. And then my last question on this, so obviously the JCP&L rate case has been delayed in terms of their filing until December. When you make the December filing, is Hurricane Sandy cost recovery going to be a part of that or is that going to be handled in a separate proceeding?
Leila L. Vespoli: Brian, this is Leila, yes, I would expect that filing to take into account the effects of Hurricane Sandy. We're still working through exactly how we would present that, but we would anticipate including it in the filing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Brian just asked one of my questions so I'm not going to ask that again. But on this issue of the capacity delta in 2013, the $160 million versus the $210 million before, you said it was due to having not placed all your capacity in the initial BRA auctions. Was there any element of that line that relates to having entered into some more term contracts where that's kind of part of the retail margin, or would that show up at a different line? I guess, that's my question.
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, Jonathan, this is Donny. The -- if you're thinking about when we doing retail sale, take our 7-year product as an example, obviously that spans well into the '15, '16 BRA and beyond for that matter. And so there is a component of capacity revenue as you levelize that charge that you pull forward, but that would actually show up in our retail sales.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So what you're showing in that line is just the pure wholesale capacity PJM auction-type piece?
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, that's correct.
Operator: The last question is from Hugh Wynne of Sanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So New Jersey in the last 14 months or so has had 3 major storms that have caused extensive damage and extended outages for large numbers of customers. Now this last one cost your company something like $400 million in storm restoration cost. Is the industry thinking ahead to a need to harden distribution systems in a significant way to prevent the recurrence of these costs or is that something that's certainly not kind of become an issue for discussion yet?
Anthony J. Alexander: I don't think generally that, that's been proposed. I mean, a lot of talk has been out about we should underground everything. The costs of doing that are pretty extensive and have significant impacts on individual customers and their neighborhoods as you begin to bore through the underground facilities. No one likes these types of storms, obviously, and to the extent that there are things that we can do over time to make the system a little more resilient, we'll be undertaking them. Obviously, after 3 storms, I'd be surprised if there's a tree left standing, but there certainly are more there that I expect that we had problems with last night as a result of the nor'easter coming through. So it is a combination of whatever system you have in our space. Essentially, 95-or-more percent of what we do is exposed on a day-to-day basis to the elements. Whether they are wind, whether it's flooding, whether it's surges off the coast, hurricanes, snowstorms, all of them have impacts that need to be taken into account. To the extent that there are other things that we can do over time, we're certainly going to look at them. But when a major storm like this comes through, whether it's in New Jersey or anyplace else, it has significant consequences.
Mark Tanner Clark: We look forward to meeting with many of you at the EEI Financial Conference, which gets underway in just a few days. In terms of logistics, we plan to post additional materials on our -- of our 2013 guidance along with EEI materials to our website sometime midafternoon on Sunday. Tony and I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today and as always, we appreciate your support and interest in FirstEnergy. Thank you very much.
Anthony J. Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time; and thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-08 13:00:00) =====
Executives:  Irene Prezelj – VP, IR Tony Alexander – President and CEO Mark Clark – EVP and CFO James Pearson – VP and Treasurer Donald Schneider – President Leila Vespoli – EVP, General Counsel
Analysts:  Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS Gregg Orrill – Barclays Ashar Khan – Visium Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Hugh Wynne – Sanford Bernstein Andrew Levi – Avon Capital
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Irene Prezelj, Vice President, Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you. Ms. Prezelj. You may begin.
Irene Prezelj: Thank you, Latonya, and good afternoon. During this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects, and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp. are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the Consolidated Report to the Financial Community, which was released earlier today and is also available on our website under the Earnings Release link. Reconciliations to GAAP for the non-GAAP earnings measures we will be referring to today are also contained in that report as well as on the Investor Information section on our website at www.FirstEnergyCorp.com/ir. Participating in today’s call are Tony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Clark, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; Donny Schneider, President of FirstEnergy Solutions; Jim Pearson, Senior Vice President and Treasurer; and Harvey Wagner, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. I will now turn the call over to Tony.
Tony Alexander: Thanks Irene and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Today, I’ll provide an update on our plant and retail operations, regulatory matters and the impact of recent storms. I’ll finish with a discussion of our non-GAAP earnings guidance, and then Mark will talk about our earnings drivers and provide the detail on our second quarter results. Let’s get started with an update on our generating units. As mentioned on previous occasions, we’ve been rigorously evaluating the environmental controls that will be needed to meet the new environmental regulations including the Mercury and Air Toxics Standards rule or MATS that is scheduled to go into effect in 2015. As a result of this analysis, we have significantly reduced our projected capital investment related to MATS compliance. We now estimate investment of about $975 million across our Fossil Fleet. This is down from the $1.3 billion to $1.7 billion estimate we provided in February and well below our initial projections of $2 billion to $3 billion. While we still have work to do to confirm and refine our current estimate, we’re clearly moving in the right direction. At the same time, we’re moving forward with our previously announced plan to deactivate units at seven of our older coal-fired plants by September 1st of this year. Again, as a result of the MATS and other environmental rules, the effective units are Eastlake 4 and 5, Bay Shore 2, 3 and 4 and the Armstrong or R. Paul Smith, Albright, Willow Island and Rivesville plants. We expect to continue operating Eastlake 1 through 3, Lakeshore and Ashtabula until early 2015 coinciding with the conclusion of reliability must run or RMR arrangements with the PJM interconnection. We filed with FERC regarding RMR compensation for these units in July. As you recall, we also proposed to construct four gas-fired simple cycle peaking units totaling 832 megawatts at the Eastlake plant. This proposal was contingent on the capacity clearing the PJM capacity auction which was held in May. However, these units did not clear and as a result we will not proceed with their construction at this time. As we make changes in our generating fleet, we are moving forward with a number of transmission projects that have been approved by PJM and will be implemented over the next several years in practically all of our service territories Ohio, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, New Jersey and Maryland. A number of these projects are specifically designed to help address potential issues related to plant deactivations in the ATSI zone in northern Ohio. One of those projects includes converting the Eastlake and Lake Shore units to synchronous condensers. We are currently projecting a capital spend of $700 million to $900 million through 2016 for these transmission related projects across the five state region, and we expect these transmission investments to be an important part of our growth going forward. Now, let’s move now to a review of current regulatory activity. In New Jersey, the Board of Public Utilities agreed with the rate counsel’s request for a base rate case for our JCP&L utility. We continue to believe that there is no basis for the rate counsel’s claims, in fact JCP&L’s rates have decreased by approximately 10% since 2008 and are the lowest electric rates among the four New Jersey electric distribution companies regulated by the BPU. We’re preparing for our case and plan to file by November 1st as requested by the commission. Looking at our Ohio operations, last month the Public Utilities Commission approved our utility’s proposed electric security plan, which is essentially a two-year extension of our current ESP. The new ESP will be effective from June 2014 through May of 2016 and allows Ohio Edison, Cleveland Electric Illuminating Company, and Toledo Edison to conduct power auctions to secure generation supply for a longer period of time for customers who do not shop. This should help shield customers from potential price volatility by blending energy and capacity prices over the term of the plan. Also in Ohio on July 2nd, the PUCO issued an order in the AEP Ohio capacity case that will require AEP to charge competitive suppliers the RPM market price for capacity. This eliminates the pricing capacity proposed by AEP that would have limited customer choice and increased prices. We are cautiously optimistic that these actions will restore meaningful savings for all AEP Ohio customers who would like to receive service from a competitive supplier and will enhance the market available for FES. But that decision will not be clear or entirely clear until the PUCO rules on the AEP’s modified electric security plan, which is expected later this week. Market based capacity pricing will give businesses and customers access to electric generation prices that are at historic lows. FirstEnergy Solutions strongly advocated for customers’ right to shop and we believe that these changes if implemented in the right way will result in lower electric bills for customers, an improved business climate in Ohio. FirstEnergy Solutions continues to prove that competitive markets work. For example, FES increased its customer base by nearly 17% since the second quarter of 2011, producing a 16% increase in retail sales. And while Mark will talk more about FES including an update on our hedged position for the remainder of 2012 and 2013, the continued success of our retail strategy is clear. It is better positioning our company. Even so we are facing very depressed prices. And at the same time, we’re addressing increased environmental costs and government mandates and policies that impact both the supply and demand of electricity. We will work through these issues and I remain committed to further developing our retail operations and positioning the company to take advantage of improving economic conditions over time. Finally, let me spend a few minutes on the storms that cut through our utility service territories in late June and early July. During the last weekend in June, a straight-line windstorm, called a Derecho, something I never heard about, tore across central Ohio, Southwestern Pennsylvania, Maryland, and West Virginia service territories, causing outages for 566,000 of our customers. This windstorm with winds of up to 90 miles per hour caused the most significant damage our company has ever experienced on our transmission grid. West Virginia was the hardest hit area with more than two-thirds of the 380,000 customers in our Mon Power service territory affected. Restoring service proved very labor-intensive. For example in one remote location, crews had to replace 19 damaged poles to restore power to only a handful of customers. While we were cleaning up from the Derecho, another wave of thunderstorms brought on by the extreme heat caused major outrages in our Toledo, Edison and Jersey Central service territories. These outrages were resolved in a matter of days. Total restoration costs are estimated to be in excess of $130 million, substantiate all of those costs will be incurred in the third quarter. Approximately 70% of the total cost of capital, most of the remainder is expected to be deferred for future recovery. We have deferral mechanisms in place in Ohio, Pennsylvania and New Jersey and we expect to file for approval to defer the cost in West Virginia later this quarter. As we announced this morning, we are reaffirming our 2012 non-GAAP earnings guidance of $3.30 to $3.60 per share. While we remain confident in our long-term strategies, we will continue to assess our operations particularly at our Fossil Fleet in light of the continued sluggish economy and its effect on power prices. Now I’ll turn over to Mark for an in-depth look at the second quarter. Mark?
Mark Clark: Thanks, Tony, and good afternoon everyone. As Tony mentioned, I’ll start with the review of second quarter results then I’ll provide an update on the continued success of our retail strategy and finally I’ll conclude with several comments on next year’s forecast. Before I move on to the details of our second quarter results, I’ll take this opportunity to remind you of several housekeeping items. First, this is the first quarter we’re presenting our total company results in a combined year-over-year format, fully reflecting our merger with Allegheny Energy. Second, as we did last quarter, we are normalizing the revenues, expenses and output related to the deactivation of our older coal-fired units. And finally, with the integration of Allegheny into our automated financial reporting systems in the second quarter, we’ve modified our regulated reporting segments to isolate all federally regulated transmission operations and state regulated distribution operations as separate segments. Looking now at second quarter results excluding special items, non-GAAP earnings were $0.60 per share compared to $0.70 per share in the second quarter of 2011. On a GAAP basis, this quarter’s earnings were $0.45 per share compared to $0.48 per share in the same period last year. As we move to the detailed review of second quarter 2012 drivers, it may be helpful for you to refer to the Consolidated Report to the Financial Community that was posted on our website this morning. Special items for the second quarter are detailed on page four of the report. These items have a net impact of decreasing GAAP earnings by $0.15 per share. By comparison, in the second quarter of 2011, special items reduced GAAP earnings by $0.22 per share. Looking at the special items for the second quarter of 2012, a gain of $0.01 per share related to the impact of non-core asset sales, was offset by the following six items. A charge of $0.07 per share related to plant closing costs, which includes revenues, expenses, and activities to prepare our older coal-fired units for deactivation as a result of environmental regulations; a $0.03 per share decrease in earnings related to merger accounting for commodity contracts; a $0.02 per share decrease related to tax legislative changes; an additional $0.02 per share decrease for mark-to-market adjustments; a $0.01 per share decrease for regulatory charges and finally a $0.01 per share decrease from the impairment of nuclear decommissioning trust securities. Moving now to distribution deliveries. While the earnings impact of distribution sales was flat compared to the second quarter of 2011, total deliveries increased slightly; however, distribution deliveries have not recovered to the levels we saw in 2007 before the impact of the recession. Industrial deliveries were up 3% and commercial deliveries also increased slightly. In Ohio, we continue to see improving industrial activity, particularly in the steel and automotive industry. In our other states, sales are essentially flat. These increases and any earnings impact were offset by a 1% decrease in residential deliveries. We attribute this in part to customer conservation efforts in the face of the continuing tough economy where underemployment and unemployment remain a significant factor. This trend seems to be consistent with what other utilities in our region are also reporting. The impact of weather was slightly positive in the second quarter. The reason for the negligible impact is that temperatures were comparable to those we experienced in the second quarter of 2011 – a relatively mild April and May followed by a very warm June. Perhaps, the best way to express this is by looking at second quarter 2012 cooling and heating degree days. Heating degree days were 19% below normal and just 1% below last year, while cooling degree days were 33% above normal, but only 5% above 2011. This trend continued in July: while cooling degree days across our utility service territory were up 39% above normal, they were 3.5% below July of 2011. Let’s turn now to the items that are highlighted in the earnings variance box on page one of the Consolidated Report. There were three positive drivers. The first is lower operating costs: while we did have more days in nuclear refueling outages they were offset by decreased cost in our ongoing fossil operation as a result of fewer planned outages in the second quarter of 2012 compared to the same period last year and the benefit of merger synergies and reduced storm costs in our energy delivery business compared to last year’s quarter. Another earnings benefit was lower general taxes, primarily due to lower gross receipts. And finally, we had lower interest expense as a result of recent financing activity. Moving now to items that reduced second quarter results, first, depreciation costs increased and second, we saw a reduction in other income, which includes lower investment income from the nuclear decommissioning trust and the absence of revenue in the second quarter of 2012 from the sale of pole attachment lease rights in June of 2011. I’ll conclude our earnings discussion with a review of commodity margin, which is detailed on pages two and three of the consolidated report. In that report, you’ll also find additional information on megawatt hour volumes. To start, actual generation output from our ongoing competitive fleet increased by 1.2 million megawatt hours compared to the second quarter of 2011. Both nuclear and fossil plant utilization increased resulting from fewer refueling outage days across our entire fleet in this quarter compared to the same period last year. Fuel expense was down for the quarter while purchase power was up essentially offsetting each other for the quarter. While commodity margin had a net negative impact of $0.09 per share, this reflects the interplay of various positive and negative components and overall, we remain very pleased with the performance of our competitive business FirstEnergy Solutions. You will note that contract sales increased 6% over the second quarter of 2011. Achievements in the quarter included further expansion into the competitive markets in Illinois, Michigan, New Jersey and Maryland as well as growth in both the large and medium commercial and industrial account segments. Looking more closely at the industrial sales channel, we achieved a 16% increase in direct sales, a 3.5 fold increase in mass market sales and structured sales that increased slightly as new load acquired outsider traditional utility footprint offset the expiration of some municipal and co-op contracts. I think I said industrial sales channels, but I meant to say individual previously I apologize. While government aggregation megawatt hours sales decreased slightly, we began delivering power to 25 additional communities in central and southern Ohio during the second quarter. One important point to make is that during the second half of the year, we will begin to deliver power under newly signed aggregation contracts with another 48 communities in Ohio and six new communities in Illinois. And POLR sales continued to decrease consistent with the realignment of our sales portfolio as part of our overall retail strategy. I’ll mention here that FirstEnergy Solutions’ hedged position for the balance of 2012 is 95%, while we are currently at 70% for 2013. Commodity margin for the second quarter of 2012 also benefited from lower congestion, network, transmission, line loss expense. On the other side of the equation, negative drivers of commodity margin were lower capacity revenues primarily as a result of the lower capacity price in the ATSI zone that became effective in June 2012. The RTO price in June 2012 was $16 per megawatt day compared to $110 per megawatt day in June 2011. Reduced Renewable Energy Credit or REC sales were $0.02 per share, and capacity increase expense increased as a result of FES serving more retail load. Although there are myriad of the factors affecting the net reduction in commodity margin, FES continues to benefit from its strategy of moving megawatt hours sales between channels. A retail volume increase of 16% helped to partially offset lower prices of approximately $4 per megawatt hour. In the $4 per megawatt hour decrease in overall retail rates, when adjusted for transmission cost changes for Ohio customers and changes in capacity prices is actually a $1 decrease. When you compare this to the dramatic decline of $10 in the wholesale market prices year-over-year, it points to the solid success of our retail program. While we were challenged by market conditions during the quarter, we strongly believe in our strategy and our business model, and we will continue to take actions we deem necessary to ensure we are well positioned for the eventual economic recovery. As Tony mentioned, we are reaffirming our 2012 non-GAAP earnings guidance of $3.30 to $3.60 per share. Look to next year, we remain confident that the regulated side of the house, which includes our utility and transmission operations will continue to provide a strong foundation and fully support the dividend. We see no change in their strategic role nor in their ability to deliver. On the competitive side of our business, we’ve seen a significant number of changes, some negative, some positive and some yet unknown that were not anticipated in our earlier forecast. Some of these changes relate to the regulatory side that will have an impact on the competitive side. Just to name three examples that were not included in our prior forecast. The new ESP 3 in Ohio, the October and January Ohio auctions, and the AEP ESP, and of course the economy, which remains more depressed than we anticipated as well as continued regulatory and political uncertainty will impact our estimates. A simple example was CSAPR. We expected to be in a position to excel CSAPR allowances given our fleet’s compliance position, yet we still don’t have any answer from the courts as to when or whether CSAPR will become effective. Once we have better clarity around the issues that require updating as well as incorporating changes from our normal fall budgeting process, we will update next year’s earnings forecast. Thank you very much for listening and now I’d like to open up to calls and your questions. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Hey good afternoon guys.
Tony Alexander: Hi Dan.
Mark Clark: Hello Dan.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Hey, just on the 2013 number, Mark, I take it as you guys are withdrawing the 2013 guidance number or is this the number you’re keeping but there is you have certainly a number of issues at play that could affect it that we will have to kind of wait and see how they play out for the rest of the year?
Mark Clark: That’s a good question Dan. I think the answer to next year’s forecast is both simple and straightforward. There’ve been a number of substantial changes that will affect next year’s forecast. As I said, some are going to be positive, some are negative, and some we just don’t know yet. What I do know is that I’m working with a pretty long list of changes, I mentioned the Ohio – approving the Ohio ESP, extending October-January auctions, storm costs, the New Jersey case, coal transportation, power prices, transmission whether we can accelerate, of course, the big gorilla in the room being the general economy, but let me just address two to give a little bit better flavor. Our earlier forecast assumed a one-year auction in October and January, while we believe the changes Tony mentioned the three years will help the consumer it will also help FES. Another example was the AEP ESP and as Tony again said we think that’s very positive for the consumer depending on how the commission rules that could be very positive for FES. And, as you just said the point we’re making is that we need to update a long list of items, which we plan to do along with our normal fall budgeting process. I apologize if that’s a long answer, but it’s a long list of changes that we have to get updated and that’s what we’re trying to do.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay, I think I got it. Thank you. And then Tony I guess just, can you share some thoughts kind of out of the RPM auction results and kind of where the pricing went with the big demand, response, consumption in ATSI. How important do you think it is to get a more of a physical resource in that market in the future and your kind of your comfort around reliability in the region as we look forward?
Tony Alexander: Sure Dan, I think demand response when it comes in across a broad region and is not clearly identified in a particular area has some benefit, but it’s not the real type of benefit that you’re looking for in what otherwise are fairly constrained areas. My sense is we’re going to have to get a better handle on that to determine whether or not it’s usable or it’s just an interesting thing to have, but it will not improve reliability in and around the area. My own sense is that many of the transmission projects including the conversion of the generating units in the – in and around Cleveland to synchronous condensers will put us in a position to deliver reliable electric service in that area. It’s going to take some time to put all that in place and that’s why we have the RMR arrangements being contemplated, but we intend to work as aggressively as we can to meet the schedule and to be able to stay within the guide post that we’ve kind of laid out for ourselves and that is basically to not be in a position to be running any of our power plants beyond March of 2015 that we’ve otherwise scheduled to shut down.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay. And I guess just one last one. As you look at kind of the mix and the retail business or kind of the gain in customer count relative to where your projections were at the Analyst Day, it looks like there might be a little behind on some of the share gains and LCI, MCI maybe relative to plan. Where do you guys think you are in capturing the new customers over the course of the schedule and it was always kind of an assumption that you have an acceleration in the second half of more the government ag activities?
Tony Alexander: Well I think we knew that once our retail group went the government aggregation it was just going to be a question of how fast you can get them transitioned over which as you said was mostly in the second half. I think we’ve had great success in the large commercial, medium-sized commercial, I think we are a little behind in the mass market, but I know they’ve got some good plans to catch back up there. So, Dan I get a weekly report in terms of what we win and what we lose and we’re up for the year across all the different segments particularly in southern Ohio.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Hey, good afternoon guys.
Mark Clark: Hi Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: So first kind of following up on Dan’s first question there. If you could provide a sense of priorities or rather impacts if you will, you listed out those few items, which of those are most impactful and it seems as if a lot of those are actually positive items to 2013 EPS as you think about the update. So, if you were to kind of ballpark it, is this actually a revision downwards or upwards? I apologize if that’s an obvious question.
Mark Clark: I think it’s an obvious question but we don’t have an obvious answer. We just have to get through a long list. I think as we said earlier, the retail group is 70% closed right now for 2013, so power prices are going to impact them. I don’t know what’s going to happen with the economy, the election, taxes, budget, things like that. Power prices are not a positive, depends on whether the commission rules favorably this week, that could be a positive. One big positive potentially is we’ve reduced the amount of spend on MATS from $1 billion to – down $1 billion to $2 billion. We’ve got transmission spend, how much transmission spend can we accelerate into 2012 that’ll affect 2013. So I don’t know if I would characterize any one weighing more than the other. I think we’ve got to get our book closed for 2013. We’ve got to see what power prices are doing, how much more channel switching Donny’s group in retail can do. So as I said, there are some really strong positives. Power prices are not going to necessarily be a positive and we’ve got to wait for some regulatory outcome and of course a big potential positive would be the auction, since they are now into three years. So good question, I just have a long list of things that we have to get updated, plus as I said before, this is really the time of the year we are doing our normal budgeting process. So we’ve got to get just the normal budgeting updates incorporated.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: All right. Thank you. Maybe a follow-up again kind of to Dan’s original set of questions here on ATSI, as we look forward and as we’ve seen your transmission spend announced in the quarter, how are you guys thinking about, not to jump the gun here, but the 2016, 2017 auction in the ATSI zone and any kind of commentary I imagine, or at least I understand that the transmission is set to go into service prior to the next auction date?
Tony Alexander: Well, Julien, some of it will, some of it will be perhaps beyond that. The real issue I see in terms of being able to get many of those transmission facilities in place, will not necessarily be driven by the construction schedule, but will be more affected by our ability to acquire rights of way, abilities to get outside crews in to support it, and doing that and getting the permits necessary to complete that amount of work in the timeframe that we’ve laid out in front of us. So, we have some work to do, there’s a lot involved in the process, we’re in the early stages now, we’re preparing environmental impact statements and all of the other parts, pieces and parts that will require regulatory approval, primarily from siting organizations, and as we move in that timeframe, we’ll be better able to predict when we will have the particular parts of those projects in place. Because this is not just one project, there are a number of things that are going to be done. Substations are going to be enhanced, additional ones are going to be built, new lines are going to be brought in to serve those. The synchronous condensers will be put in place. We’ll have to see how all of those impact the schedule that we have now as well as what the loads do in the Cleveland area between now and 2016 and 2017.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Great. Thank you for the clarity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregg Orrill with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Gregg Orrill – Barclays: Thanks a lot. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the Ohio ESP approval and the provision where they changed the POLR auctions to three years versus one and just whether you feel that is more attractive from a FirstEnergy Solutions standpoint? And if you’d be more interested in participating in those auctions?
Tony Alexander: Let me address that one first. The primary purpose of this is providing a more gradual glide path for our customers, so that we could take out the volatility that we otherwise would have anticipated happening between today’s pricing, which are based on very low capacity costs in the main, and what we are seeing in the 2014, 2015, 2016 kind of timeframe. We thought smoothing which is kind of consistent with what our utilities have tried to do for as long as I’ve been actively involved in trying to work through what otherwise are potential spikes in pricing, try to blend that out. From an FES strategy standpoint, whatever that auction is – it is, our strategy continues to be focused on direct sales to individual customers pulling away from POLR obligations and POLR sales, because we believe that’s the greatest opportunity for this company to be successful over the long term. We will likely participate in auctions and we do in multiple regions and will likely also participate in these auctions, but again, much of that will depend on where is the status of our retail book of direct sales and how much we have available or do we want to place in that kind of call auction associated with a POLR transaction.
Gregg Orrill – Barclays: Thanks, Tony.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ashar Khan with Visium. Please proceed with your question.
Ashar Khan – Visium: Good afternoon.
Tony Alexander: Hi, Ashar.
Ashar Khan – Visium: Can I just ask when should we hear back on the new guidance? Is it end of the year? Next year? Or could you give us a timeframe?
Mark Clark: That’s a good question. No, not really. I think we got to get through the whole process as it’s a long list, got to get through our normal budget process. I think our Investor Relations folks told us that there is an Analyst Meeting early in 2013, so it can’t be any later than that and if we get it done sooner we’ll get it done sooner. So, it’s just a lot of work we’ve got to get done between now and then.
Ashar Khan – Visium: Okay, okay. And then could you just again, I’m sorry to apologize for getting it repeated could you just go over the factors again the changing factors? Could you just repeat them if you don’t mind?
Mark Clark: Well these are just some of the ones off the top of my head that I put down, it’s the approval of the Ohio ESP.
Ashar Khan – Visium: Okay.
Mark Clark: The auction that’s been extended from one year to three years in Ohio for both October and January.
Ashar Khan – Visium: Okay. So that’s a positive, right?
Mark Clark: Right. The storm costs and the request to defer those that Tony mentioned in his text in West Virginia. We’ve got the New Jersey rate case. All the plant deactivations that’s going to affect our coal and transportation costs and those are all being negotiated by FES right now. Our power prices are going to affect the open position, where FES is 70% closed. I think the last time we spoke was somewhere around 50%, 55% something in that range. So they’re right on their glide path and right where they need to be. I spoke about transmission reliability investments, the fact that we don’t have some of these big capital cost related to MATS, related to the peakers, the $500 million there. How much our transmission group can get accelerated on the transmission side both into 2012 into 2013. Then the big gorilla in the room is the economy, where the economy is going, what’s going to happen with the tax cliff, are they going to extend it, not extend it. So, those are just some of the things that I wrote down really quickly off the top of my head, but I can assure you that the list is three to four times that length.
Ashar Khan – Visium: Okay. And then can I just Mark, just from our purposes, I have not forget I don’t have the presentation in front of me. What had you assumed for the economy for 2013 in terms of growth?
Mark Clark: I think in the distribution side, Jim do you know that – probably like 1.5%?
James Pearson: About 1% to 1.5%.
Mark Clark: 1% to 1.5% on the distribution side, but it doesn’t necessarily affect what the retail group is doing. They’re targeting a set number of megawatt hours at the highest possible margin. So, if the economy is going backwards or forwards, doesn’t really matter to us because at the retail side, they’re targeting a set number of megawatt hours which I think in 2013 is 112 as opposed to 104 in 2012. So, they target megawatt hours, the distribution models and forecasts around the economy, which is I said is somewhere between 1% and 1.5%.
Tony Alexander: But the economy impacts – the amount available to go after in the market. So, they are integrally tied as to whether or not this economy is going to get back in growing or whether or not we’re going to stay stagnant in 2007 levels. When in fact at the end of the day, we had assumed that this economy was going to get a little bit back on track, it clearly has not yet, and it is impacting the estimates.
Ashar Khan – Visium: Okay. That’s great. Thank you so much
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley: Good afternoon.
Mark Clark: Hi, Steven.
Tony Alexander: Hi, Steven.
Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley: Wonder if you could talk a bit about the trends you’re seeing in competition levels on the retail side. Mark, you mentioned margins they were down just a fairly modest $1 megawatt hour whereas wholesale prices fell significantly more, is this in line with your expectations, are you seeing certain emerging trends with respect to the degree of competition?
Mark Clark: Actually, I have Donny Schneider he’s the President of the Retail Group. So, I’m just going to let Donny speak for his group.
Donald Schneider: Stephen, clearly the competition is out there. I think we’re doing a great job. One of the things that we monitor very closely is what we call our attrition rates and so these are customers that we’ve traditionally held and whether or not we’re able to retain those. And in our residential space, when you look across our EDCs we’re 3% to 4% year-to-date attrition in our FE Ohio, that’s more like 1%. So we’re doing very well at being able to retain those customers. In other EDCs where we call them our close to home EDCs, where we go after customers, we’re doing quite well across the board in being able to secure market share that we’d anticipated.
Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thank you. And just as shifting gears over to PJM, there have been a number of conversations about the minimum offer price rule and that there is continued discussions about potential modification for that. I was just curious from your perspective how that process has been unfolding, anything just out of the ordinary as you’ve been going though that, is it proceeding as you would hope. How do you see that shaping up in terms of potential changes to the MOPR?
Donald Schneider: Stephen, this is Donny again. Yeah my folks are involved with that. As you know PJM has a very elongated process when it comes to these things. So they’re actively involved. I think it’s a little soon to tell, to speculate on how that might come out. So we’re just going to have to watch it. Obviously it’s something we’re very interested in and we’re paying close attention to that, but a little soon in the process to speculate.
Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley: Understood. Thanks Donny.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Good morning.
Tony Alexander: Good morning Paul.
Mark Clark: Hey Paul.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: I’m sorry. The AEP ESP it sounds like you guys thought that that might turn out positively for you. Is that I mean just wondering what you’re thinking is in terms of what’s going to be coming out there? And whether or not this capacity ruling was – how that figures in your thinking and also I guess remarks by Duke that they might be looking at this – the face that they’re an FR entity and therefore they might be able to get a capacity cost. They’re at least looking into that sort of issue. Any thoughts there you want to just elaborate a little bit on?
Leila Vespoli: , this is Leila Vespoli. I think the capacity order that came out was very favorable. They did defer one issue to AEP’s ESP and that was how they were going to handle the deferral between the 188 and RPM. So, we’re still looking to see and I guess that would be tomorrow when the commission issues its order in the APKs and hopefully we’ll get that result positively, and then and kind of have a complete picture with respect to that. With respect to...
Mark Clark: Duke.
Leila Vespoli: Duke, yeah. I apologize, I forgot the second part of the question. With respect to Duke, yes, they have raised issues with respect to that. If you think about how AEP presented their case, they presented a cost-based case and that’s what the commission was looking at. So, in setting AEP’s state based FRR mechanism, they looked at cost. So, if Duke is thinking of trying to implement something like that, from our standpoint they have an ESP that’s in place that incorporated RPM pricing.
Mark Clark: Duke, per day, DPL Go ahead, keep going.
Leila Vespoli: And so with respect to that I think that they would have a huge hurdle to clear with respect to that.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then with respect to peak demand just in the third quarter here we’ve seen a lot of hot weather in the Midwest and we haven’t seen – and in the East Coast, and we haven’t really seen much in terms of high peaks at PJM, and I was just wondering if you could maybe sort of give us an indication as to what you’re seeing on the demand response side, are you seeing demand response in the energy market which has been sort of a tariff that PJM has put in here, or any sort of comments you’d like to make on that?
Donald Schneider: This is Donny. I think Mark touched on the residential space being down a little bit, what we’re seeing is that for a given number of residential customers, if you assume an EDC where the residential customer count has not changed, the actual consumption is down a little bit, with what we’d normally expect to see with these hot conditions. So, it looks like the economy, the energy efficiency, et cetera is starting to have a bit of a dampening effect on residential consumption.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then just finally on, Ashar asked about economic forecast, and as opposed to sort of a sales growth, I was just wondering sort of a GDP forecast, what have you guys been assuming for 2013 just in terms of the economic rebound?
Mark Clark: 2.5%, but that really could get changed depending on what happens with the tax cliff. Paul, I don’t know what that number is, but I have seen numbers like 3% to 5%, if they don’t extend it. You subtract that from anything and it’s not pretty – so but we assumed about 2.5%.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: With regards to your CapEx around environmental, it’s come down pretty considerably. Where have you found that opportunity?
Mark Clark: I think pretty much across the board, I think Tony challenged the folks to come up with creative solutions and they’ve done that. I think coal firing with gas is going to help if the power prices stay low. There is some things we can put off, moving some of the outages around, it’s pretty much across the board. We’re pretty pleased with where they are, but we keep pushing them to lower that number too. So Tony you want to...
Tony Alexander: No, I think it’s just a comprehensive look at each and every unit and each and every plant. And looking more holistically at the plant and its capabilities and what you can do with existing equipment to enhance it and improve it, for example the prove performance of precipitators or tightening up so that you don’t have as many air leaks, a whole series of things unit by unit specific to eliminate kind of the large, bigger ticket items that would otherwise be kind of hung on the back end of the plant because you’re not making the rest of the facility as efficient and as effective as it can be.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: One of the items you mentioned, Mark, around the uncertainty over the 2013 power prices, but you took your open position from 45% to 30% and as you close that 15% how is that pricing relative to what your view was when you did have guidance out there?
Mark Clark: It’s lower. I don’t know, Donny, you want to speak to...
Donald Schneider: Yeah I think, in the first quarter of this year, first and second quarter we saw a dropoff of about $10 a megawatt hour in wholesale prices.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Hugh Wynne – Sanford Bernstein: You all have talked about the offsetting impacts of rising contract sale volumes against the decline in capacity prices and energy prices. There has also been a material mix shift in the composition of your contract sales from POLR to large C&I. And I was wondering if you could comment year-over-year whether the mix-shift has been positive or negative to your commodity margin, or broadly neutral?
Donald Schneider: Hi, Hugh. This is Donny. I would say it’s been very positive. And I’ll just use FE Ohio as my example. If you think about when FE Ohio first opened up, and I’m using FE Ohio as an example; I could use any one of the EDCs as they progress from the beginning to where they are sometime later. FE Ohio opened up in the spring of 2009. When it first opened up, there was very little shopping and so as you went in there and procured tranches, if you were a participant in POLR, you were receiving a nice margin and a nice volume. As time has went on though, that volume has absolutely crept away from those POLR providers. Today in FE Ohio, you’re probably somewhere in the neighborhood of about 80% of the customers have now shopped. So, if you had only participated in that POLR procurement, not only looking now at 2012 – not only would your rate have dropped off substantially but more importantly your volume would have been completely or, not completely but 86%, 80% erased from where you were just three short years ago. So our move from POLR to the LCI, MCI, Gov Agg, et cetera has allowed us to secure that volume.
Mark Clark: Hugh, this is Mark. I would add one additional caveat to what Donny just said, one of the things that we’re working very diligently on and have a lot of algorithms on is, suppose you can move a customer megawatt hours between channels or inside a channel, you’ve got an LCI customer that’s served by one EDC, can you move those megawatt hours over to another EDC in the same channel, but a higher margin or even within the EDC? And one of the big issues that comes up in the large industrial market is can we take those megawatt hours and move them to any of the other channels like mass market or something else? So they spend a lot of time trying to move either within channels or out of channels to increase the margin.
Hugh Wynne – Sanford Bernstein: Right, okay. And if I could just ask a follow-up question regarding the radical reduction in your MATS CapEx, is the coal firing with gas likely to be accompanied by a reduction in the variable cost of running the units that coal fire, or given forward prices for coal and gas an increase in variable cost? And I guess if it’s the latter, is it material?
Tony Alexander: Yeah, a lot of that is going – Hugh, this is Tony. A lot of that is going to depend on the price of natural gas obviously and the relative price nat and coal. We’re looking at it more from an operational standpoint. It’s not going to have some flexibility, but you also have to include all the back-end costs where you are not going to dispose of as much material so and you are not going to need as much material going in to your scrubber systems because you are not having to deal with as much of the effluent. If the coal kind of a relative balance, my sense is it is going to be about neutral. With respect to the overall cost, it could be sometimes plus, it could be sometimes a little negative.
Hugh Wynne – Sanford Bernstein: Well, hats off to your engineers, that’s a pretty impressive savings.
Tony Alexander: Thanks a lot.
Mark Clark: Thanks. Operator, how about we take one more question?
Operator: Okay. Our last question will be from Andy Levi with Avon Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Levi – Avon Capital: Hi guys, how are you?
Mark Clark: Great, Andy.
Andrew Levi – Avon Capital: Just want to try to clarify something. Obviously, you guys know what you’re doing as far as 2013 and you’ve articulated very clearly that there are numerous moving parts. At the same time obviously by kind of talking the way that you guys have, it has caused some angst in your stock today. And so I just want to give you kind of one more chance to kind of come out and just try to make a little bit clearer whether we should be concerned that there could be a significant revision down to 2013 estimate? I mean although it seems that a lot of the things are on the positive side, obviously the big gorilla in the room as you’ve mentioned is the economy but I just kind of want to give you one more chance to try to articulate that as your stock is down almost 4% right now?
Mark Clark: Well I can’t articulate why our stock is up or down, there are a lot of factors other than just whatever our forecast is going to be, but at the end of the day we’re trying to say we have an awful lot of changes to make in our forecast and we’re just trying to be honest and upfront about it. Some of those changes are going to be positive as we closed the book on the 20%, 15%, 20% that has to be closed. Chances are it’s going to be at lower prices, chances are we’re going to accelerate some transmission. I couldn’t tell you specifically today what our forecast is going to be so, I don’t know how anybody else is going to be. It is what it is. We’re just trying to be upfront and honest that there is going to be a tremendous number of changes in our forecast from the last time we did it. It’s a simple and straightforward statement.
Andrew Levi – Avon Capital: Right. Thank you very much.
Tony Alexander: Thanks Andy.
Operator: I would like to turn the call back over to management for closing comments at this time.
Mark Clark: Certainly, we like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today and as always we certainly appreciate your support and interest in FirstEnergy. Thanks a lot.
Tony Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time. And thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-01 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Meghan Beringer -  Anthony J. Alexander - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Mark T. Clark - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President William D. Byrd - Chief Risk Officer and Vice President of Corporate Risk Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President and General Counsel Harvey L. Wagner - Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller Irene M. Prezelj - 
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Kit Konolige - Konolige Research, LLC
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp.'s First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Meghan Beringer, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, Ms. Beringer, you may begin.
Meghan Beringer: Thank you, Jackie, and good afternoon. During this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor Provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp. are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated report to the financial community, which was released earlier today, and is also available on our website under the Earnings Release link. Reconciliations to GAAP for the non-GAAP earnings measures we will be referring to today are also contained in that report, as well as on the Investor Information section on our website at www.firstenergycorp.com/ir. Participating in today's call are Tony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Clark, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; Jim Pearson, Vice President and Treasurer; Harvey Wagner, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Bill Byrd, Vice President, Corporate Risk and Chief Risk Officer; and Irene Prezelj, Vice President of Investor Relations. I will now turn the call over to Tony Alexander.
Anthony J. Alexander: Thanks, Meghan, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. We will be reporting first quarter results, and quite frankly, they were solid despite the very mild temperatures that Mark will discuss in more detail.  Based on these results and our continued confidence in our business strategy, we are reconfirming 2012 and 2013 non-GAAP earnings guidance of $3.30 to $3.60 per share and $3.10 to $3.40 per share, respectively.  Turning now to a review of recent events. I'll start with an update on our actions to address new environmental regulations, including the plant retirements we announced earlier this year and the current cost expectation for compliance with those regulations at our remaining fleet. Finally, I'll look at recent state regulatory issues. Then Mark will discuss first quarter results, including recent economic activity across our region and review our retail strategy.  Okay, let's get started. As you know, we announced plans earlier this year to retire units at 9 of our older coal-fired plants by September 1, 2012, as a result of the new EPA Mercury and Air Toxics Standards, otherwise known as MATS and other environmental regulations. This includes units at 6 competitive plants in Ohio and Pennsylvania and 3 regulated plants in West Virginia. As a part of this process, PJM Interconnections conducted a review to determine the impacts these retirements could have on system reliability.  In March, to address PJM's preliminary reliability concerns, we filed an application proposing approximately 800 megawatts of new combustion turbine peaking generation to be installed at our existing Eastlake plant. It is our intent to offer these units into PJM's capacity auction next week. If they clear the auction, we would begin construction efforts to meet a targeted in-service date of spring 2015. In addition, to bridge the ATSI region to early 2015, PJM's current planning assumption is for reliability must run arrangements, or RMRs, for Eastlake units 1 through 3, Lake Shore unit 18 and Ashtabula unit 5. This involves a total of 885 megawatts, which will help ensure reliable electric service for the Cleveland region. We anticipate that the RMR arrangements will be structured so that PJM will compensate us to keep the units available for operation through early 2015. At that time, we plan to go forward with retiring those units. In addition to the RMRs and the new combustion turbine generation at Eastlake, our transmission group, working with PJM, has identified a number of transmission projects that can be implemented over the next several years and are expected to also improve reliability in the ATSI zone. While we do not have final estimates for the cost of these transmission projects, we are currently projecting a capital spend of between $700 million and $900 million over the next 4 to 5 years. We expect to earn a return on these transmission investments from the time we begin construction. The remaining competitive units slated for retirement, Eastlake units 4 and 5, Bay Shore units 2 through 4, Armstrong and R. Paul Smith are expected to be retired as planned by September 1 of this year. The 3 West Virginia plants included in these announcements are regulated and we have provided the West Virginia Public Service Commission with information regarding the plant deactivations. We also anticipated deactivating these units by September 1.  I know many of you are closely following the PJM capacity auction scheduled for next week. Just so we're all clear, we cannot and will not predict the pricing outcome of that auction. We believe the actions we are taking, building 800 megawatts of combustion turbine capacity at Eastlake and the transmission reliability projects, will benefit the region. We continue to fully support and encourage a utilization of competitive market mechanisms to provide the appropriate incentives to all market participants.  Turning now to the investment required to address MATS at our remaining coal fleet. At our analyst meeting, we told you Jim Lash's team identified lower cost solutions and allowed us to cut our anticipated expenditures roughly in half, from $2 billion to $3 billion in our original estimate, down to $1.3 billion to $1.7 billion. As we continue to find alternative approaches to meeting these requirements, including the possibility of coal firing certain units with natural gas, I can say that we are now comfortable with the lower end of the revised range. We expect to finalize our plans later this year, and we will continue our efforts to further reduce these costs if possible.  Looking now at regulatory issues, starting with New Jersey, where the Board of Public Utilities has requested information about JCP&L's earned rate of return, we have received a procedural schedule from the BPU and filed a brief supporting JCP&L's position. We expect a board response in June. We provide financial information to the BPU quarterly and we continue to believe that JCP&L's electric rates are just and reasonable, and that the Rate Council's request does not provide sufficient reason for the BPU to order a base case rate at this time.  Turning now to Ohio. In April, our Utilities filed an application with the PUCO for a 2 year extension through May of 2016 of our very successful Electric Security Plan. If approved, the extension would continue to allow Ohio Edison, Cleveland Electric Illuminating Company and Toledo Edison Company to establish retail generation prices for their standard service customers through a competitive bid process. While similar to the process now used by those companies, the proposed expansion will take the last 2 auctions under the current plan, which are scheduled for this coming October and January of next year, and extend the delivery time frame from 1 year to 3 years. This is expected to benefit the Ohio customers by mitigating potential price volatility that may otherwise occur.  The current ESP, which has been in place since June of 2011, has resulted in price certainty, lower prices and more than $10 million in annual economic development funding and low income assistance to FirstEnergy's utility customers and communities in Ohio. More than 20 parties, including the majority of those who were signatories on our existing ESP have supported the new ESP. PUCO has a set of plans to hold hearings on our plan starting on May 21. If our proposed plan is approved in June, we would have the opportunity to capture lower wholesale generation prices and blend those market-based power prices throughout the new ESP period.  Also in Ohio, FirstEnergy Solutions continues to be a strong advocate for competition in the Dayton Power & Light market rate offer and AEP Ohio's Electric Security Plan cases. In particular, AEP wants to restrict shopping in its territory by imposing above market capacity charges on competitive suppliers. These charges would severely limit the savings customers in the AEP territory, including a number of large governmental aggregation communities that passed ballot measures last fall, would otherwise achieve from competitive markets and in fact amounts to a windfall for AEP. We expect that PUCO to make a decision on the AEP case by mid-summer. Now I'll turn this over to Mark for a review of first quarter.
Mark T. Clark: Thanks, Tony. And like Tony, I'd like to welcome everyone this afternoon. Today, I will discuss first quarter results, and as part of that discussion, I'll touch on recent economic activity in our region and the continued progress of our retail strategy. As Tony mentioned, we delivered solid results during the quarter, excluding special items, first quarter 2012 non-GAAP earnings were $0.82 per share, compared to $0.75 per share in the first quarter of 2011. On a GAAP basis, this quarter's earnings were $0.73 per share, compared to $0.15 per share in the same period last year. I'll take a moment to remind you that earnings for the first 9 months of 2011, as well as earlier periods, were revised in connection with our adoption of the change announced in January, in the method of accounting for pensions and other post-employment benefit plans.  Moving on now to a review of our first quarter results. As in the past, it may be helpful for you to refer to the consolidated report to the financial community we issued this morning. First, I'll take a moment to review the special items from the first quarter of 2012, which are detailed on Page 4 of the report. Special items have the net impact of decreasing this quarter's GAAP earnings by $0.09 per share. By comparison, in the first quarter of 2011, special items reduced GAAP earnings by $0.60 per share. Special items in the first quarter of 2012 included benefit of $0.06 per share for mark-to-market adjustments, which was offset by a $0.05 per share charge related to plant closings, which includes both revenue and expenses, as well as activities in preparation to deactivating the units. A $0.04 per share decrease in earnings related to merger accounting for commodity contracts, and a $0.02 per share related to tax legislative changes. There were also 4 special items that each reduced GAAP earnings by $0.01 per share. They were the impairment of nuclear decommissioning trust securities, merger costs, the impact of non-core asset sales and impairments and regulatory charges.  Turning now to the other first quarter drivers, which are highlighted on Page 1 of the consolidated report. As we walk through these, we will once again discuss FirstEnergy on its stand-alone basis with the impact from Allegheny separated. Since there was only 1 month of the Allegheny results included in the first quarter 2011, beginning next quarter, our total company results will be presented in a combined year-over-year format. And in fact, the Allegheny contribution is one of the positive drivers of the first quarter, as it continues to be accretive to earnings, including the impact of shares issued in conjunction with the transaction. On a merger-related note, over the last weekend of March, we successfully completed the integration of our ITN business networks, which include about 100 different systems. While this was and will be a significant synergy item, it was also an important cultural milestone for our employees. It was a tremendous effort. I'm proud of our entire team for accomplishing this task in a remarkably short period of time. Another positive driver was lower operating costs. Last year, we had a first quarter refueling outage at Beaver Valley Unit 2. This year we benefited from having all of our nuclear units in service, as well as from lower costs in our Fossil operations. And the final positive items were lower interest expense and revenue linked to excise taxes. Moving now to items that reduced first quarter results, and since it was such a significant factor during the quarter, I'll start with a discussion of the weather. Nationally, this was the fourth warmest winter in the last 117 years and the warmest month of March since 1950. We certainly experienced the same conditions in our region, where heating degree days were 25% below 2011 levels and 22% below normal. In fact, when we look at the impact of abnormal whether on our company as a whole, including all 10 utility companies and generation sales, the cumulative impact was $0.12 per share this quarter. Obviously this affects our full year earnings forecast, but as Tony said earlier, we are reaffirming our guidance for 2012 and 2013 based on the strong performance of our retail business. Let's now turn to the distribution deliveries which reduced earnings by $0.05 per share. The extremely mild weather resulted in a 4% decrease in total distribution deliveries. Residential deliveries decreased 8%, while commercial deliveries were down 2% and industrial deliveries were relatively flat for the company as a whole. However, consistent with the recent trend of growth in certain pockets of the regional economy, industrial activity continues to improve in Ohio. Sales to that group were up 3% versus the first quarter of 2011. As a number of our steel customers expand to meet demand from shale gas exploration, including a new mill at the Republic Steel facility in Lorain, Ohio. As you know, our service territory sits directly atop both the Marcellus and the Utica shale formations. In addition to jobs and growth in the steel sector, this is also translating into an uptick in investment associated with drilling activity and infrastructure in our Pennsylvania and Ohio service areas. The state of Ohio had the fourth largest increase in job growth in the nation in 2011, and data is showing that 9% of the new employment is related to shale exploration. It's encouraging to see growth in our region and like everyone else, we are hoped to continue seeing more positive signs, especially in the commercial and residential sectors.  Let's move now to commodity margin, which decreased earnings by $0.02 per share overall this quarter. As always, when we discuss commodity margin, we're talking about the interplay of many different components. In each quarter we like to break out the positive and the negatives. A detailed summary can also be found on Pages 2 and 3 of the consolidated report, including additional information on megawatt hour volumes. Before I get into the individual elements of commodity margin, I'll note that generation output from our ongoing competitive fleet, which excludes those units we plan to retire or deactivate, decreased by 2.4 million megawatt hours or 13% compared to the first quarter of 2011, reflecting lower demand and soft power prices. Nuclear output increased due to the absence of any refueling outage in the quarter. This was offset by a lower output from our supercritical fossil generation and lower utilization of our subcritical fleet, which continues to be impacted by low natural gas prices. While our coal inventory increased with the decline of Fossil output, we also took advantage of certain market opportunities to build our inventory above what we would consider typical levels for this time of year. This had a negative impact on cash in the first quarter, which we expect to reverse over the remainder of the year. Let's move on to the 5 items that decreased commodity margin. These include: increased capacity expense as a result of FES serving more retail load; higher purchased power cost, chiefly related to economic purchases; a reduction in FES wholesale electricity sales to the spot market; lower sales of Renewable Energy Credits; and finally, a decrease in net financial hedges associated with the FES sales in generation portfolio.  Looking now at the 4 positive elements of commodity margin. First, our generation fleet earned high-capacity revenues in connection with ATSI's June 2011 transition from MISO to PJM. We also experienced lower PJM congestion, network and transmission line loss expense. Fuel expenses were lower, primarily related to the impact weather had on demand. And finally, FirstEnergy Solutions continues to successfully execute its retail strategy by hedging or selling forward to retail customers and by shifting sales volumes within and among retail channels, we believe we have significantly mitigated the financial impact of the weakness in the wholesale markets.  Contract sales increased 9% in the quarter, as FES experienced a 28% increase in direct sales, a six-fold increase in NAS market sales and nearly 1 million megawatt hour increase in structured sales. A significant portion of the growth in direct and NAS market sales took place outside our traditional footprint in markets including Central and Southern Ohio, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Michigan and New Jersey. Government aggregation sales were lower for the quarter as the result of weather, but FES continues to successfully expand this channel. In fact, you'll recall that 50 communities in Central Ohio voted to adopt governmental aggregation for their electric service last November. FES won 42 of those contracts, or about 90% of those communities that have selected a supplier and began service to some of those communities during the first quarter. While FES had a similar impact associated with weather, their success at increasing the movement of sales from polar to direct and the movement within and across channels essentially offset a portion of the negative weather impact. FirstEnergy Solutions' hedged position for the balance of 2012 is now at 91%, and we are at 60% for 2013. Let me close with a brief overview of our financing activities. As I referenced earlier, we are in the process of putting together a new $1 billion transmission company credit facility, and extending our existing $4.5 billion credit facility by 1 year through 2017, which will provide us with a solid liquidity position going forward. We are also in the process of negotiating the early buyout of the 1987 Bruce Mansfield sale leaseback arrangement, which will take a future obligation off the table opportunistically. And finally, this quarter we plan to file an application seeking a financing order with the PUCO under the new Ohio securitization legislation, as we've already announced. Together, these initiatives continue our progress towards the financial initiatives outlined last year and at our February Investor Day. Combined, these initiatives place us in a much stronger position for the increase in capital program over the next several years. As Tony mentioned, we are aggressively managing our MACT spend, and now expect to be at the low end of the $1.3 billion to $1.7 billion range we announced at the February analyst meeting. That is well down from the initial $2 billion to $3 billion estimate and importantly, we continue to evaluate options for further reductions. We're also addressing incremental capital spending related to building 800 megawatts of combustion turbine generation at Eastlake, as well as the projected transmission reliability investments all over the next 4 to 5 years. Although we will continue to assess our overall capital program, we are likewise evaluating our funding opportunities for these projects. As Tony said, we are pleased with our results for the quarter, and more important, we are confident that we are on track to meet our goals and guidance for the year. Thanks for listening. And now I'd like to open up the call to your questions. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Dan Eggers of Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: It looks like you guys are on course to get the customer shift you were looking for, but the EPA issues have probably complicated the story a little bit. If they were to be successful in front of commission and you do see the reversal in the shopping caps, how would the mix shift that you guys saw this quarter potentially reshuffle if you started mitigating some of the contracts because the capacity prices got goofy?
Anthony J. Alexander: I think it wouldn't change our strategy at all. I mean, we've got aggregated communities that voted to aggregate. As I said earlier, Dan, we've moved additional load into Pennsylvania, Michigan, Illinois. So there are a lot of markets outside of Central Ohio, but we're really pleased with where the retail group is and what they've been able to do, particularly shifting megawatt hours within channels and into different markets. So I don't think it would change what we're doing one iota.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, and then on the coal generation side, with the low output on the sub-criticals and the super-criticals as well, can you talk a little bit about your coal supply considerations and inventories and if you're continuing to shift your expectations for coal generation output for the year versus the analyst day?
Anthony J. Alexander: Yes, I think that's a great question. We are shifting our focus. We had some opportunities to build up our coal inventory in the first quarter. Those opportunities are no longer are there and we will be reversing that and actually burning down our inventory over the last 9 months of the year. And on a cash basis, we expect to end about where we thought at the beginning of the year. So cash to cash, it's about even. We just took advantage of some opportunities and we're pleased where we are. But a little long from where we would normally be, but nothing out of the norm.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So we shouldn't be perpetuating the 16% utilization rate on the sub-criticals for the rest of the year, I guess, is the punchline?
Anthony J. Alexander: No, I wouldn't.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just wanted to talk about the retail business. It looks like you've had great success in expanding your sales there. Could you talk a little bit about the competitive dynamics in the context of the pricing that you're getting on sales relative to -- as you see trends in power prices relative to hedge prices, are you seeing the ability to weather the storm in terms of the economics of hedges relative to changes in just power prices which are driven by gas? Are you seeing that sort of as a -- is that turning out to be a good buffer or are hedges on that side following directly along with power price moves?
Anthony J. Alexander: I'd take for this year, 91%'s already sold. So it's not going to have much impact next year at 60%. One of the avenues that we're using to address the power prices, and I think our retail group's done a great job is understanding the margin within each channel within each EDC, within each channel, so we can move megawatt hours between EDCs to try to generate higher margin and then move between channels themselves to generate higher margin on the same megawatt hour, so power prices being power prices what they are, there is a certain reality to it, but we're pretty comfortable with where we are, we're getting away from the polar, more on to the direct, more contract, extending some of the contracts out for longer terms. I think we're pretty comfortable. I don't know. Bill, do you want to add anything?
William D. Byrd: I agree with everything Mark said. It's 5 to 1 [ph], so I mention that the, inevitably, over time, our retail revenue will reflect market conditions if they don't change, but that movement to market will take years given our retail strategy. It's not something that would occur very quickly.
Operator: Our next question's coming from Stephen Fleishman of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a question regarding your comments on the funding some of the new projects such as the transmission. At one point in time, you had talked about potentially selling transmission or the like. And I'm just curious if the funding opportunities could be something where you would think about separating out transmission in some way, or is it more likely traditional sources?
Anthony J. Alexander: I think it's more traditional sources. Transmission right now is a strong contributor to earnings. It helps support the dividend. It generates a nice return. I think Jim is looking at the more traditional sources of funding. I don't know if you want to speak to that. But no, I -- we're not looking at selling any transmission asset or anything like that. We're just trying to fine tune what the MACT spend is going to be. We're trying to fine tune what demand sell lease purchase price is going to be, and in the context of all of that, we'll be tweaking our overall funding strategy.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And I guess one other question is just, maybe I don't know if maybe Bill wants to address this, but just the change in dynamics in PJM, coal to gas switching, some of the things they've seen. Is it affecting in any significant way that the basis of your different generation assets that's meaningful to the value of those assets? Or is it not that big a difference?
William D. Byrd: It's not really that big of a difference. The basis has shrunk with the decrease in overall market levels, but we aren't seeing anything that wouldn't be explained with consistent movement with the overall market.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So first on the transmission CapEx what you delineated there over the next 4 to 5 years, in terms of timing, is that sort of nearer term or is that toward of '15, '16, '17 spending, primarily?
Anthony J. Alexander: That's a good question. I just spoke to the head of our Utilities group yesterday about that question. It's pretty even. There's a little bump up in '14, a little bump to '15, but it's not outrageous or anything like that. It's fairly smooth over the period of time, but we're just really, to be honest with you, in the initial phases of it, they're doing a lot of work, we have asked them to look at different things. This is probably similar to MATS. We get into it, we start looking at different options, scenarios, trying to figure out different ways to reduce our cost. So it's, I would say for planning purposes, it's smooth, but it is very, very preliminary.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And how much of that is at risk around potential competitors trying to do comparable transmission projects, it would seem?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, I think the utilities are going to do the projects, or they could assign them to ATSI or TrAIL or one of those, I don't, I mean that thought's never even crossed my mind. So...
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: That's a good sign. And then frankly, on cost-cutting, looks like a pretty strong first quarter here. What is the trend year-to-date? How are we looking, maybe more structurally beyond that? I know you guys always kind of take a hard line.
Anthony J. Alexander: I think one of the biggest benefits as we're still seeing the synergy savings I alluded to. Having all of our systems integrated now means that all of our operating groups are on the same working platform. It also means that we can start reducing the size of the IT staff, because they're all integrated. So I think those of you that know Tony know that he's never satisfied with us unless we're taking a hard look at all of our expenses.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And just a quick last one on DR. You guys alluded to on the ESP, with regards to potential bidding and some incremental into the upcoming auction, but that depended on the timing of the approval. Could you maybe talk about how much incremental DR you're thinking about, I mean, that's not asking about forecasting price or anything, but just anecdotally between yourselves and others, what you're kind of seeing out there?
Leila L. Vespoli: Hello, this is Leila. With respect to the demand response, we would have needed a commission order before the capacity option. Given the current schedule that is not going to happen. So I would not anticipate any demand response being embedded into the capacity option. And let me explain the rationale for that. Our current ESP only goes -- it ends the day before the period of the next auction would start. So in terms of what the Utilities would have to bid, they don't have any customers, they don't have a tariff that would be in place for that period of time, so it would be impossible for them to bid any demand response into the auction. So by missing the deadline, at least that portion of what we had contemplated going forward within on the ESP would drop off. But as Tony mentioned, there are still other benefits associated with the ESP that would hopefully require a timely order by the commission.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Hello, guys. I was just -- on the transmission investment again, sorry to come back to this. Could you give me a little bit more detail about what kinds of things, these -- are they lines or is it upgrading of substations and the like? And are these upgrades embedded in the parameters that PJM modeled, so when they did the remodel of the auctions. So I know you've been in talks with them about how to address reliability. So just curious how that works into the planning process.
Anthony J. Alexander: Now Jonathan, we can give you a little bit of detail on that, and I think both of these projects have been identified as part of the PJM process. So I'll give you a high level, Bill can fill in the details. But probably 3 major components. One there'll be some substation enhancements that'll be added to the system. So we'll be expanding several substations and perhaps even adding a couple in the process. We plan on taking some of the existing generation resources that are being retired and adding or making them synchronized condensers, and third would be long lines. We have some open towers that we will be stringing additional wire on into the region and more longer-term, probably an additional line into the Cleveland area. So those are basically the components. So it's really structural in terms of substations, fold-in support through synchronous condensers, and some additional lines going into the region.
William D. Byrd: Jonathan, if you would contact our investor relations folks after the meeting, they can provide you with a link to the PJM website. PJM posted a document last Thursday that delineates each and every transmission project. There's 4 to 5 dozen projects and additionally, they can provide you with a link to a -- the meeting material from the PJM transmission expansion advisory committee meeting on Friday, which gives you more detail and information on these projects that you can ever hope to digest.
Anthony J. Alexander: Was my summary okay? I gave you the highlights, you can get into the details later, Jonathan.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, I'm taking that to mean that then most of these are in a kind of they're out there and known about.
Anthony J. Alexander: Yes, 1 of the 3 buckets.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, and can I ask on one other thing. I noticed in your commentary about sales in the quarter you'd sort of attributed the decline mostly to mild weather, which seems to suggest that there was some underlying pressure on usage that that wasn't explained by weather. Is that what you're saying and could you comment on such usage generally what you're seeing with customers?
Anthony J. Alexander: I think -- hopefully, I said the opposite. Weather was a significant driver. Residential obviously is weather driven. Commercial, generally the smaller commercial, is weather driven. Industrials were flat. Ohio industrials are up 3%, and we're seeing a lot of good shifting of margin within and around the channels of the retail group. So in the FES's case, they've actually offset some of the weather impact. So I would say it's the opposite.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Within distribution mark, when you kind of made the comment about of just deliveries, so not so much about your margins but just more what you're seeing in underlying trends.
Anthony J. Alexander: I think the underlying trend for the quarter was weather. And then industrials are flat across the system, but up in Ohio. Our head of our Utilities group mentioned to me this morning they're adding a third shift up at the Ford facility in Cleveland. That's the first time they've had a third shift in I can't recall when. Lordstown just got off 3 shifts working 24 hours a day. You've seen a lot of investment activity. I guess I'd have to say I'm optimistically positive.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: In your 2012 earnings guidance, the uplift from a full year of Allegheny was $0.26 I believe, and that looks like it dropped to $0.17. What drove that, just weather?
Anthony J. Alexander: I don't know. Harvey?
Harvey L. Wagner: I would say it's just operations. Right.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: But that $0.26 was -- also has been captured in the first quarter, correct?
Harvey L. Wagner: No, I think weather in first quarter attributable to Allegheny was $0.02. I'd have to sit and -- I don't know.
Anthony J. Alexander: We can do a more granular analysis for you offline.
Irene M. Prezelj : Give us a call after the call, and we'll walk you through it.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Hugh Wynne from Sanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I have to say I was very impressed by your ability to maintain your commodity margin largely intact even as power output fell by 1/8. That really shows the retail strategy paying off. But my questions go to a couple of other points. I want to understand the sustainability of some of the earnings gains you had, particularly within commodity margin, your net MISO PJM transmission turned into a contribution this year of $0.10. And is that something that's likely to reverse? Is that related to the low levels of power demand? Or is it related to the re-dispatch plan from the low gas price environment? Or is this something that we can expect to see again in the future?
William D. Byrd: Hugh, this is Bill Byrd. That's largely reduced congestion expense on the grid, relative to historical periods.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Right. I understand, but is it something that we'd like to see or expect to see again? Or do you think it's related to the low level of power demand or the re-dispatch of the power plants? Or something that's likely to reverse in the future?
William D. Byrd: I'm not sure I'd say it's likely to reverse, but it certainly reflects current market conditions and will reflect future market conditions.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then similarly on your O&M, you mentioned that the O&M expense is down, partly due to the absence of the nuclear refueling and the lower Fossil O&M expense. Is that a gain in earnings power that we would likely see reduced in future if the load following plants would operate at more normal levels?
Anthony J. Alexander: I don't think so. I think we'd look at whether we'd do an economic purchase or run our own units, particularly the subcritical units. Clearly, we're better when the nukes are running, they dispatch lowest possible cost of our fleet. No, I wouldn't say that would be the case. I think we've done more economic purchases with some of the lower power prices. Nukes are running flat out, and the critical units are running itself. No.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I don't think we're quite not talking about the same thing, though. I'm not talking about purchase power, just the operation and maintenance expense. Is the low operation and maintenance expense related to the low operation of the load-following plants?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, we're not going to spend money on overtime. We're not going to spend a lot of money given the low power prices. We're not going to accelerate units coming back online justified, unless the price justifies itself. If the price stays down, we'll run the units commensurate with where the market is.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And consequently, incur the lower O&M?
Anthony J. Alexander: Yes, yes.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Gregg Orrill of Barclays Capital.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the lower estimate for the MAC spending and what's behind that?
Mark T. Clark: Oh I think in the main, Gregg, we are pushing very hard at looking at all of the options that are available to us. I think the first analysis was a, essentially a capital solution. The second analysis is what can we do to drive capital cost out and improve the overall operation of the plant. So for example, investigating using natural gas as a co-firing vehicle which reduces the amount of, obviously it reduces the amount of emissions you have to treat, and improves the overall efficiency of the equipment that is already on many of our large facilities. So we're just continuing to push hard on the engineering and the alternatives that might be available to continue to operate the fleet inside the EPA requirements, but with the least amount of capital as possible.
William D. Byrd: Sometimes I think it is as simple as challenging the assumptions and the concepts our engineers come up with.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Greg Gordon from ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So you guys said earlier that you expected that you would burn down some of your coal inventory by year end.
Anthony J. Alexander: Yes.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And I'm just wondering as we think about your bidding -- your dispatch behavior in the market, I mean, right now we're in a shoulder period. Gas is displacing ahead of coal. We're going to get into summer, and most of your power generation resources are going to be necessary to be utilized, but wouldn't coal still be dispatching as a sort of a peak resource and wouldn't you be cycling down in the off-peak, or how are you thinking about bidding behavior? Are you going to bid in at assuming spot price per coal, the weighted average cost of coal? Explain to me how, even with the dispatch order having flip-flopped, you still expect to be able to run the plants at a relatively low cost and burn down these piles. I'm just a little bit confused given what we sort of know to be what's happening in the marketplace.
Anthony J. Alexander: I don't know if I said we were reversing our dispatch order. We sold out 91% for '12, so we're going -- not to be selling a lot into the wholesale market anyways, we weren't planning on it. So, now Bill, you want to...?
William D. Byrd: And I think it's -- we're aren't talking about any radical change in anything. I think it's a change at the margin, if you will, during the past quarter and past winter. Maybe if we could back pyre instead of generated and save $0.10, we would make that decision on a daily basis. Going forward, we'll put more emphasis on the wear and tear that, that creates on the unit, and that same decision going forward, we would say let's generate the power and not buy it. So I think it's just a slight change in emphasis and how to balance the cost and economics, if you will, on the margin.
Anthony J. Alexander: Greg, I think that to Bill's point, if you assumed that coal was up maybe $100 million in cash for the quarter and we buy around $2.5 billion, you can get a sense that we're not talking about big changes to get back in line.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just a follow-up on Hugh Wynne's question on the net MISO PJM transmission expense. If I understood you guys correctly, you see these market conditions are continuing and that benefits sort of going forward for some time, is that correct? Is that how we should think about?
William D. Byrd: Yes. This is Bill Byrd. One thing I forgot to mention in responding to Hugh, another aspect of that decreased congestion is first quarter of '11, a lot of our plants were still in MISO. Now they're all inside the fence of PJM and that helps not having to cross the interface, helps tremendously with our congestion expense and that will be a sustainable benefit, regardless of market levels.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then on the net financial sales and purchases that was sort of a negative $0.05. Can you elaborate a little bit about that?
Anthony J. Alexander: I'll let Bill comment too, but I mean you have the economic purchases and you have the revenue on the other side. So I don't know if that's what you mean.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Well, I'm just sort of wondering how we should think about that going forward?
William D. Byrd: Primarily those financial purchases were basis swaps per hit, basis hedges which were fixed for floating swaps. So when our underlying basis expense was lower, the hedge came out negative.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: That makes sense. Okay. And then there was a court order that came out in Michigan with AEP's capacity formula rate case that you guys were a party to, that you guys I think protested, actually. And there was an order that came out yesterday. And I was wondering just what's your thought about that and perhaps the implications for how it might be related to what we see in Ohio, with the deferred case that AEP has there which you guys are also, I think, involved in. Any thoughts you'd like to share with us that?
Leila L. Vespoli: Paul, this is Leila. I haven't had an opportunity yet to read the order, but my sense about it is that it's a good signal in that they indicated to AEP that the proposed pricing might be high. There are a lot of good signals in that case, so obviously we'll be looking to that going forward because I think you're right in that it could be setting a tone for what happens here in Ohio. But I think what came out of Michigan yesterday was a positive side, a very positive side.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. And then just on the energy efficiency impact on the ATSI situation does it serve what the DR, I guess that you were talking about earlier that I guess will not be bidded in now. Could you give us a sense as to how much that was in megawatts?
Leila L. Vespoli: The demand response if you kind of look at what we have in our current ESP under the tariff, roughly 200 megawatts. So that will be the asset that has not bid in. The energy efficiency component is actually a separate kind of thing. That piece of it will likely be bid to the auction, the upcoming auction.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great. And then finally the distribution deliveries. Did that -- did those figures include the leap year? I'm sorry if I missed that.
Anthony J. Alexander: Yes. Jackie, how about if we take one more -- we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our last question is coming from Kit Konolige of Konolige Research.
Kit Konolige - Konolige Research, LLC: So maybe you could just review a little bit more, you talked about the total of 5 negative deltas in the commodity margin and 4 positives. Should we be able to think of these as some of the pluses and minuses being related or offsetting for example, wholesale sales are down, contracted sales are up, fuel expense versus purchase power. Can you discuss the offsets that kind of logically fit together there?
Mark T. Clark: Actually you were doing a pretty good job. So there are offsets and I think you were just going right down the list. If you do one, you have the other. Purchase power is maybe up for economic reasons, but fuel will be down. Wholesale, as we close out our position in '12 and we're already over 90%. You would expect to see lower wholesale sales, and market has an effect on that as well. So I think you've got it nailed pretty well. Thank you. And thank you all for joining us today. We certainly appreciate your continued support and interest in FirstEnergy and thank you.
Anthony J. Alexander: Thanks, everyone. Bye now.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-29 08:15:00) =====
Executives: Irene M. Prezelj -  Anthony J. Alexander - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Mark T. Clark - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Charles E. Jones - Principal Executive Officer of Ohio Edison Company, Principal Executive Officer of The Cleveland Electric Illuminating Company, Principal Executive Officer of The Toledo Edison Company, Principal Executive Officer of Pennsylvania Electric Company, President, Firstenergy Utilities, President of Pennsylvania Electric Company, President of The Toledo Edison Company and President of The Cleveland Electric Illuminating Company James H. Lash - President of Firstenergy Generation Corp and Chief Nuclear Officer of Firstenergy Nuclear Operating Company Unknown Executive -  Donald R. Schneider - Principal Executive Officer and President Leila L. Vespoli - Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Analysts: Unknown Analyst Carrie Saint Louis Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Irene M. Prezelj : Good morning, everyone. I'm Irene Prezelj, Vice President of Investor Relations, and I want to thank you for coming to FirstEnergy's Analyst Meeting today. Before I review this morning's agenda, I'd like to point your attention to the slide, which is also available in your presentation book. It contains the Safe Harbor statement, under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. For those listening on the webcast, this is also contained in the materials posted on our website. Please review this document closely as you consider the comments we will be making today. We have a full agenda and we'll kick the meeting off with Tony Alexander, our President and CEO. Tony will be followed by Mark Clark, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who will provide our financial outlook. Mark will be followed by Chuck Jones, President of our Utilities Group, who will review our regulated utility and transmission operations. Mark and Chuck will take questions after their presentations. We're planning a short break following Chuck's presentation; and then we'll have Jim Lash, President of FE Generation and our Chief Nuclear Officer. Donny Schneider, President of FirstEnergy Solutions will follow Jim; and Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President and General Counsel rounds out our speaker list today. Tony will return to close the meeting, and he will take questions at that time.  Members of the IR team will be in the audience with microphones. Since today's meeting is being webcast, I would ask those with a question to wait for the microphone so that everyone in the room and on the webcast can hear it. Finally, I'd like to announce that FirstEnergy is introducing an iPad app for investors today. This is a screenshot of the app, and you'll also see with your materials in front of you, the QR code that you can easily scan with your device here today. We will be introducing an iPhone app, shortly, that you'll also be able to get. The app can be accessed through our website or by going through the Apple Store and searching for FirstEnergy investors. We hope you will find this information useful. With that, I'll turn things over to Tony.
Anthony J. Alexander: Thanks, Irene. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we'll be discussing FirstEnergy's strategy, our plans to grow our business, and how we expect to increase shareholder value. It's been about a year since we completed our merger with Allegheny Energy, and I'm very pleased with the progress we've made. Yet as you listen to the presentations today, you'll recognize that the merger is just one of the positive steps we have taken to better position FirstEnergy for the future. Let me start by saying our strategy hasn't changed. We operate 3 businesses, and have a substantial position in each. We draw first, flexibility, growth opportunities and financial stability. Our Distribution business has the largest regulated customer base in the United States. Our Transmission business is one of the largest holders of independent transmission assets in the nation. And our Generation business, operates one of the country's largest and most diversified competitive generating fleets. We do not need to grow our businesses by expanding rate base. Instead, we will continue to operate our company as we have in the past with a focus on our core businesses, operational excellence, retail sales growth and delivering solid financial results for our investors, including a strong dividend and investment grade credit ratings. Building on this foundation, I'm confident that our competitive business model, our diverse generating assets and the scale of our utility service area will help us become one of, if not the best-positioned company, in our industry. Today, we'll talk about our recent achievements, and our initiatives going forward. We'll discuss our plans to achieve the earnings guidance we've outlined, despite the headwinds faced by our entire industry. I will explain why FirstEnergy's position overall, provides a solid base to grow shareholder value, as the economy improves.  Let me start with the Allegheny merger. It has been a terrific success story from the start. We worked through the merger approval process in about a year, an outstanding accomplishment in our industry, and the integration was even better than we expected. In fact, the merger has gone so well, that it sometimes seems like Allegheny has always been a part of FirstEnergy. The people and the assets are a very good fit. We essentially began operating as a unified organization from day one. We exceeded our first year synergy goals, and everything is in place to capture the savings up opportunities we've identified. At this point, we are making all business decisions as an integrated company. And as a result, tracking merger-specific synergies is no longer necessary, and we will no longer be doing it. And quite frankly, the way we operate the company, it would be a distraction.  In 2011, we also achieved considerable success with our retail sales strategy. FirstEnergy solutions, our competitive subsidiary, captured new customers in Pennsylvania, and increased its governmental aggregation businesses in Ohio and Illinois. It now serves nearly 2 million customers across Ohio, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Michigan, New Jersey and Maryland. We sell about 100 million megawatt hours directly to retail customers, and that's more than we did as a regulated company. Later this morning, Donny Schneider will talk more about our retail strategy, and how we are building a strong foundation for future growth. When we met with you last spring, we described our plans to continue delivering solid financial results, positive cash flow and a stronger balance sheet. Last year, we sold non-core assets like the Fremont Energy Center, the Richland and Stryker plants and a partial interest in the Signal Peak coal mine, and took other actions to reduce debt by $2.4 billion. We also recently adopted a change in our pension accounting method. And we made other -- and we made another significant contribution to our pension plan last month, that reduces the unfunded portion of our liability. As a result, we've driven our debt-to-equity ratio down to about 57%, and we will continue our efforts to further strengthen our balance sheet and financial position. Mark Clark will talk about the actions we are exploring to further enhance our financial profile, including opportunities related to the Bruce Mansfield sale leaseback arrangement, and the recent Ohio legislation that allows for securitization of deferrals. While we still have work to do, we are in a much better position today to meet the challenges of our industry. One of those key challenges is that our region is still stressed by the sluggish economy. For example, while industrial sales are improving with growth that facilities at GM Lordstown's plant, Chrysler Jeep in Toledo, and AK Steel in Butler, Pennsylvania, industrial sales are not as strong as anyone would like. We are also seeing limited residential and commercial growth. Although again, we do have pockets of very robust commercial activity, particularly in the healthcare, and in both Ohio and Pennsylvania, as the Marcellus and Utica shale fields are being developed. Overall however, sales have not yet recovered to the levels we had in 2007. In the current rate of economic growth, it is not strong enough to support higher power prices. Even though we're encouraged by increased capacity prices starting in 2014, overall improvement will depend on a host of market conditions including and primarily, the strength of the U.S. economy. One of the factors however, is -- that's also likely to impact what's going on, that is environmental regulations. And what they could do from a standpoint of cost of producing as well as the supply of electricity. These new environmental mandates will have an impact on FirstEnergy. For example, we recently decided to retire some older, less efficient Fossil units in response to EPA's stringent new standards known as MACT and other environmental regulations. We will however, make the investments needed to ensure that our remaining plants are competitive in the future. And we will focus our resources on the units that will remain in place over the long term. We've already reduced these investments by roughly half of what we anticipated last year. And we will continue to aggressively seek low-cost solutions or compliance and options to further reduce these capital costs. Jim Lash will talk more about our efforts and the expected impact of the environmental regulations on our fleet. Once our older Fossil units are retired, nearly 100% of the power we produce will come from resources that are low or non-emitting. Last night, we provided 2012 non-GAAP guidance of $3.30 to $3.60 per share. We also updated guidance for 2013 of $3.10 to $3.40 per share. The midpoint of each of these is within the range of guidance we provided last year. While these are not easy times for anyone in our industry, we are facing these challenges head-on as we always have. You can count on our management team to continue to drive costs and revenues, identify opportunities, and deliver on the commitments we've made to you. This is truly an exciting time for the company. The strength of FirstEnergy, rests on the diversity of its operations and the flexibility and responsiveness of its employees. And we are better positioned than ever, to grow, compete and increase shareholder value. Your support has been and continues to be greatly appreciated. Thank you.  Now, I'm going to turn the podium over to Mark, and the rest of my senior management team will provide more details on the key areas of focus for 2012 and 2013. After each presentation, we'll provide time for your questions. And as Irene said, I'll be back at the end to close the meeting, and I will also be available for questions at that time. Okay, let's get started. Mark?
Mark T. Clark: Thanks, Tony. Good morning. Before I start, I'd like to thank everyone for being with us today. We do appreciate it. As Tony said, no question, 2011 was a more than interesting year. Either selling assets, dealing with the weather, the integration of FirstEnergy, despite that we think we had a solid year. And we're looking forward to the next 2 years. My presentation today is going to cover 2 topics: First, I'm going to review 2011, and then I'll speak a little bit to 2012 and 2013. I suppose it would help if I put the slide up. But -- let me speak to 2012. As Tony just said, non-GAAP earnings for the year were $3.64, and GAAP earnings were $2.22 per share. Last May I stood up here and said our guidance would be $3.20 to $3.50, we changed that as we went through the year. We upped it a little bit. Now, we've ended the year at $3.60 -- $3.64. And also, a lot has happened between then and now, and I'll admit that this is an extraordinarily busy slide. But it does somewhat capture both the headwinds and the successes that we had last year. Three big impacts in terms of the difference between GAAP and non-GAAP, 2 negative, 1 positive. On the negative side, we have the mark-to-market adjustment for the pension accounting, which was $0.78. We had the generation impairment, which was $0.52 and as Tony alluded to on the positive side, we had Signal Peak, which was $0.93. Specific to the fourth quarter, weather was anything but cooperative. It was 17% below normal, and more than 20% below the fourth quarter of 2010. Generation output as you'll see on the upper right-hand side was down, as were wholesale sales. On the plus side, we continued to move customers from the polar side of the equation to the direct retail side of the equation. FirstEnergy solutions has done a great job with this, and I'm not going to stand up here and take Donny's thunder away from him. He'll be up here in a little bit. And the other important part of this slide is if you look at the lower left-hand corner, you'll see that Allegheny was accretive in its first full year although it was only accounted for 10 months. But it was accretive for the year. Let's look at the segment earnings. Last May was the first time we broke out the segments, and we continue to do so. You'll see that our regulated Distribution and our Transmission business more than support a solid dividend on the regulated side of the equation by itself, and our competitive business continues to grow and continues to be the underlying growth platform for the company. And again, I would remind you that Allegheny was only there for 10 months of the year. On the capital side of the equation, for the year, we spent about $2.4 billion, which is somewhat in line with 2 exceptions. First, we spent roughly $200 million on storms, principally related to Hurricane Irene and the October snowstorm. Chuck's going to give some perspective around the historic magnitude of those storms against some of the storms we had historically, and I think you will agree that these were well outside the norm. Also included in the capital is $257 million for the pension accounting change in terms of capitalizing overheads. And as I said, absent the storms and the pension accounting, we actually would have come in lower than what we've anticipated last May. We accomplished just about everything we set out to, in terms of 2011 financial initiatives. As Tony alluded to, synergy earnings were $270 million against our internal target of $210 million. So we're well ahead of where we thought we'd be. That's on the earnings basis. On a cash basis, it's $300 million. I know we talked about selling assets for quite a bit of time. We actually finally got that done. We sold the Fremont plant, we sold the Richland/Stryker peaking unit, and as Tony alluded to, we sold 1/3 interest in Signal Peak. Those 3 items alone contributed $800 million of cash to the company.  More specific to Signal Peak, it resulted in a gain of $370 million, an equity increase of $50 million, and a deconsolidation of debt of $360 million. Signal Peak by itself, improved their balance sheet $1 billion. That's not bad for a project that started in 2008. In June, we successfully replaced our existing credit facilities with 2 separate facilities. We plan on beginning talks with our banks this year to extend those maturities to give us even more flexibility. So on a personal note, I'd like to thank all the bankers in the room for all their support, and I can assure you that both Jim and Steve [ph] will be contacting you shortly about the extensions.  Similar to the financial initiatives, we made great progress with respect to the balance sheet. We eliminated $2.4 billion worth of debt, and importantly, and this is an important point, we aligned the regulated cap structures of the operating company with the regulated structure of which their rates are set. We continue to look for opportunities to strengthen the balance sheet that as I repeatedly said, we are not going to pay on economic premiums just simply to acquire debt. One reason the pension contribution made so much sense was that it reduced the liability, it was tax-deductible, and we didn't pay a premium. And we picked that number not for some unknown reason, the $600 million, but we believe when the discount rate goes back to 6%, we will be fully funded on the pension side. We expect that GAAP to be closed, and that takes nothing more than the 10-year treasury to get to 4%, which is more than reasonable. And we ended the year in a very strong liquidity position at $5.1 billion. Now probably 90% of you are in this room just to see this slide and how the hell we got to $3.30 to $3.60 and $3.10 to $3.40. And I'm going to start at the top of the slide and I want to specifically speak to 2012, but the same logic applies to 2013. Last May, we gave guidance of $3.20 to $3.50 per share. You know that in 2011, we've changed the pension accounting, which added $0.20 per share. So all things being equal, if nothing else changed, I'd be standing up here telling you the guidance was $3.40 to $3.70 per share. Unfortunately, some things do change. We have a sluggish economy, we have an unprecedented drop in natural gas prices, we have some pension cost changes and labor cost changes. The biggest item there is power prices. And that has the negative effect of changing our guidance by $0.20 per share. On the positive side, we've taken a number of actions to mitigate that drop. Tony just alluded to our announcement of closing 3,300 megawatts of unscrubbed coal-fired capacity. Donny is going to speak too, in greater detail, how we're moving customers around the retail channel to ensure greater margin, and we continue to look for opportunities to reduce O&M. I just want to give you one, very quick example, of what we're doing on the O&M side. We closed the transaction February 28 of last year. There are roughly 75 major applications that have to get integrated between the 2 companies. For some of the operating savings to occur, those systems have to be integrated. I'm pleased to say that our IT folks are basically going to integrate all of those applications in record time, and they'll make their cut-over shortly. They've had 5 test runs, so you'll see that some of the synergy has been accelerated and some of the synergies too, become, as we integrate our systems. And we're quite pleased with where we are. We'll continue to look for incremental costs. It's kind of our nature. But we're not going to do anything simply for a short-term benefit that puts the company at a longer-term risk. That's just not something we are going to do. Everything we are doing is to place FirstEnergy in the best possible forward position. We'll talk about segment earnings again. It's the same as what I talked about in 2011. The regulated side of the business produces significant, strong, solid earnings for the earnings -- for the dividend. We made one little change in the Transmission piece here. The regulated Distribution -- or excuse me, the regulated Transmission is now included in the regulated independent transition -- Transmission. Excuse me. That's roughly $0.24 a share. We think we've done that for the right reason. It brings out greater clarity in terms of what's truly Distribution and what's truly Transmission. And again, despite a very challenging environment, our competitive business unit continues to deliver positive earnings and Donny will speak about that a little bit. On capital. We're looking at capital completely differently than we looked at capital in the past. First, our baseline capital stays at around $2 billion. We broken out environmental spend, some of the Japanese nuclear spend and energy efficiency. Energy efficiency, as you know, is recovered to the regulatory process while nuclear cost associated with Japan are not that great. We used a plug figure last year and told you that we used a number of around $100 million, so we wanted to correct that and bring that up to current, and it's roughly more like $20 million. And this is the first time we're starting to include capital numbers for MACT. That number will grow, but that number is significantly below what our prior estimates were. And Jim Lash is going to get into that a little bit further.  As I said, we're looking to capital completely differently. You'll take a power plant, we might look at it and say, if we put a Rapid rail unloader there, we might be able to bring western coal into that plant. That Rapid rail unloader's $20 million. Okay? Treasury gets $20,000, in investment income. The plant burns about 4 million to 5 million tons. I only need a $0.04 change in the price of that coal to offset what I would have done in the Rapid rail unloader.  You have to look at capital differently in terms of how you deploy it. Maybe the fix for a power plant isn't to put the equipment on today. Maybe it's to coal fire it for a while and then decide where the market's going. But the point I want to make about capital and Jim's going to talk about that in greater depth, is that we're looking at capital completely differently than we would have been on a historical basis. Similar to 2011, we have financial initiatives that we have teed up for this year. Tony already alluded to the pension contribution. We're planning to restructure the $4.5 billion worth of credit facilities by extending their maturities from 2016 to 2017, and we're planning to replace the $450 million trail credit facility, with a $500 million facility at the Transmission holding company level. We think that will give us even more flexibility. Additionally, we intend to file an application with the PUCO, seeking an order pursuant to the new securitization legislation, which should also assist us in our planned debt reduction efforts at the Ohio utilities. Tony mentioned the possible early buyout to the Mansfield sale leaseback of 700-plus megawatts. We believe that this is the bright time to look at that and get that transaction done. In terms of cash flow, we're about where we thought we'd be for 2012 after you take out the pension and make an adjustment for the Mansfield sale leaseback purchase. For 2013, this is the first year that we're going to include the environmental spend and obviously we've updated for the sluggish economies so cash is going to be affected by both of those. When I look back at 2011, there was no question, we had some significant headwinds. But despite all that, we made significant success on the financial side of the equation. Going into 2012, we will stay focused on what's really important and what really matters. It's managing our capital program, maximizing the value of every single kilowatt hour we sell, strengthening the balance sheet and remain fully committed to a strong and stable dividend. Everything we're doing is to place FirstEnergy in the best position going forward. We accomplished a great deal in '11, and I expect us to accomplish a great deal in '12. And if you bear with me for a moment, I'd like to end on a personal note. Now back 2, 2.5 decades ago, when I was Treasurer of the company, one of the financial institutions ranked financial performance above the electric utilities in the industry. There were 104 on that list. You might remember 104 was Long Island Lighting that went bankrupt. We were listed 103, and the commentary was that this company was going to go bankrupt or be taken over. Well, as Tony alluded to today, we have the largest electric distribution system with over 6 million customers. We are one of the largest integrated independent transmission systems, and we're one of the largest and most diversified generation fleets. And why am I bringing this up now? Because I think FirstEnergy has a seasoned management team that's been through the fires. It's a management team that knows what's important. And most importantly, it's a management team that knows how to get things done. Thank you all very much, and I'd be happy I guess, to take some questions. Thanks. I'm like Tony, sitting down, I'm done.
Mark T. Clark: Yes, Paul? [ph]
Unknown Analyst: Can you talk about the implications of the sale leaseback, just from a financial perspective?
Mark T. Clark: It would be accretive to earnings. We think with the power prices down, it's the right time to purchase it. We've made estimates that will affect our cash flow. It will affect that, but it should be accretive over the remaining term of it.
Unknown Analyst: Can you quantify that?
Mark T. Clark: It is roughly, Jimmy, what? $0.16 over the 3 or 4 years? Something in that range? Yes. When you add in, it's all net-net debt.
Carrie Saint Louis: I wanted to start with your comment about the MACT spending, that it was below prior expectations of that $2 billion to $3 billion before?
Mark T. Clark: Yes, we used the figure last May, and it was kind of a more of a swag estimate of $2 billion to $3 billion. Jim is going to talk about that a lot more but the estimate now is $1.3 billion to $1.7 billion, and we're still working on it. But I'll let Jim speak to that. I don't want to take his thunder. He's got a slide on that and gets into great detail on it.
Carrie Saint Louis: Okay. And then, you said, it wasn't clear, the -- I guess, the cash flow slides on the Appendix, it was Bruce Mansfield and the 2012 cash flow guidance. The page that lays out your free cash flow for 2012, does that include the buyout of the Bruce?
Mark T. Clark: Yes.
Carrie Saint Louis: Okay, what bucket is that in or is that some kind of...
Mark T. Clark: It's just inherent in the numbers.
Carrie Saint Louis: Okay. So that's free cash flow of basically 0 where negative 100 includes that?
Mark T. Clark: Right. The point was that the forecast that we gave last May would not have included the pension contribution and did not include the Mansfield. That's right.
Carrie Saint Louis: And then lastly on the energy efficiency spending, because that steps up a lot in '13. Just what's the trend for that? Like how could we think about that, kind of, on a go-forward basis?
Mark T. Clark: I think Chuck had alluded to that, but it's probably going to stay in that, slightly increase as we go forward. It's recovered to the regulatory process. I know the regulators are looking whether that's the most efficient use of capital, so I think that's a good number. I don't know Chuck, you want to change that?
Charles E. Jones: No, Mark's correct. We have abilities to recover all of it through the regulatory process, so while we spend it, we get it right back.
Carrie Saint Louis: Okay. Sorry, I had one more. What was it I was going to ask? I can't remember now. I'll come back to it.
Unknown Analyst: You didn't comment about your dividend for this year going forward. What's the plan?
Mark T. Clark: I think we have a solid dividend today, supported by the regulated side of the business. The Board looks at the dividend. I think we've said in the past, that we're going to have a policy that's consistent, understandable and sustainable. And I think that's where it is today. If the market changes and the prices change a little bit, we will look at it. But it's strong and stable today, and it's where it is. Steve?
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, just a follow-up to that question. First, when you say we look at it, I assume you mean, we look at it upward?
Mark T. Clark: That would be an understatement, yes.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Just on balance sheet and cash flow metrics. Where did the balance sheet, maybe debt to capital end, at the end of '11? And where do you project it to be at the end of this period, and maybe same thing on the FFO metrics?
Mark T. Clark: I think you have to look at it like we look at it, which is each individual component. The regulated side of the business on the Distribution side, we looked at to keep that at roughly 50-50, maybe a little bit higher debt. On the Transmission side, we look at keeping that 50-50, maybe a little bit higher on the equity side. On the holding company side, as much as we'd like to, the premium on that debt is too high, so we can't acquire it. We're not going to with those premiums. And so that leaves the FES side, and that is deleveraged. And one of the issues that we're dealing with for this year is we'll pay down the Allegheny Energy System-$503 million debt and we'll try to deleverage that business and strengthen that as we go forward. On the FFO, I think, Jimmy, we're at what? 18%, 19%? It takes roughly $1 billion to move it up, a percentage or so. We do have the $500 million, the $300 million, if we do some securitizations, some other things. We should significantly improve that over the -- for the course of the year.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: One last question on the mix of earnings. It looks like for 2011, if you go back to the May, the presentation last year, most of the -- you actually beat a lot on the regulated side, your old projection. And it seems to sustain into 2012, '13. Is that mainly the merger synergies doing better and we're seeing it there? Is that the pension adjustment or...
Mark T. Clark: I think the pension, the merger synergies are in that mix, but I can just give you an example. We have a program called, work management initiative, where we're automating portions of the physical workforce and the utilities. Putting hard laptops in the trucks, allowing them to be -- GPS in the trucks, eliminating a lot of the paperwork that they have to do, and having the computer optimize their schedule rather than having a supervisor optimize their schedule. Some of the benefits that hasn't been rolled out across all of the opcos, but the benefits are 10%, 15%, 20%, 30% in increased efficiency in wrench time. So that's a big issue. We're becoming more efficient. Chuck's group has done a phenomenal job in holding their costs down. And I would expect he'd continue to do that. So I don't think you want to look at just one item. It's kind of a series of items. Chuck, you want to add anything to any of your successes?
Charles E. Jones: Nope, you did well. Thank you.
Mark T. Clark: Okay. I'll just turn it over to you.
Charles E. Jones: Okay, good morning. Over the next 20 to 30 minutes or so, I'm going to update you on our regulated businesses. I'll first cover our 9 utilities, then spend some time on our Transmission business segment. And then following both of those, I'll take a few questions. For both business segments, I want to give you some highlights of our operating philosophy, review some of the highlights of the past year, and share some of our key financial metrics. As you can see from the map, and Tony already referred to this, last year's merger with Allegheny Energy has helped us put together a significant Utility business. We have over 6 million customers across 6 states, which makes us the largest at this time in the industry. And the fact that all 6 million customers are served in a contiguous service territory gives us operational benefits that can be easily shared across all of our utilities. Our customer profile has spread almost equally between residential, commercial and industrial customers, creating a well-balanced portfolio and strong, stable, regulated cash flow. Because we operate in 6 states, our footprint also provides us with regulatory diversity and minimizes exposure from any one jurisdiction.  Our operating philosophy is pretty simple. Our goal is to operate reliably and efficiently. Operating reliably and meeting customer expectations ensures we remain in good stead with our regulators. Today, all of our utility operating companies except Mon Power, have reliability targets that are regulated by our state utility commissions. And in 2011, all of our companies except Penelec, were able to achieve those targets. Operating efficiently ensures we deliver on the financial commitments that we've made to our first energy parent and ultimately to all of you. Since 2008, we have significantly reduced O&M spending, and expect to hold it at current levels for the foreseeable future.  In 2011, we delivered strong financial results that Mark's already talked about. The combination of our Utilities and Transmission business delivered 2/3 of our company's earnings, helping FirstEnergy meet its earnings commitments. We were also able to generate strong cash flow from our utilities that was adequate to cover the company's dividend payments. In 2011, we also made great progress on completing the merger of Potomac Edison, Mon Power and West Penn Power into FirstEnergy. We successfully implemented our regional model for how we like to run our utilities. This approach allows us to kind of deal with the company-by-company, state-by-state issues that are inherently different from operating company-to-operating company. We've used a sister company approach to help ensure we get up to speed quickly. We have assigned a legacy FirstEnergy Utility management team to work with each of the new management teams. Experienced managers work closely with their counterparts in the new companies to help them adapt to new FirstEnergy policies and business processes. This is the third merger that we've done, major merger since 1997, Tony referred to it. And I'd say by far, it's been the smoothest integration of the 3. Though culturally, Allegheny had a similar feel to the way we like to do business at FirstEnergy, and all the employees and leaders that have joined our company, have approached this merger with a very positive, can-do, attitude.  We also achieved the merger synergy targets that we were assigned for FirstEnergy Utilities. In fact, we were able to double our assigned cash synergy in 2011. Mark said the final step to completing integration will occur in a few weeks, when we complete the cut-over of the Allegheny IT systems to our FirstEnergy platforms. This will allow us to finalize all the business processes and eliminate some temporary manual workarounds that we put in place over the past year.  And no review of 2011 would be complete without talking a little bit about storms. It seems like that's all I've talked about for the past year. In August of 2011, we took a step back and we analyzed where we were at it with storm, SAIDI minutes at that time, and we were at 65% of our SAIDI minutes, were due to storm activity. On a normal year, we would have been at 35%. Through July, we dealt with ice storm in January, several significant thunderstorm events and 2 tornadoes. And it was at that point, the worst storm year we've ever seen. And just when you thought it couldn't get any worse. Hurricane Irene decided to plow right through our Eastern part of our territory. We barely gotten cleaned up from that one, when we had a severe winter storm hit in late October, which was unseasonable for that time of year for that area that we serve. Both of these storms allowed us to demonstrate one of the strengths I mentioned of a contiguous utility footprint. We were able to quickly deploy more than 4,000 FirstEnergy employees, including hundreds, and in one case, even into the thousands ahead of when the storms actually hit. Both of these storms were devastating in terms of magnitudes of customers that were impacted and as well of cost to repair the damage. And you can see some of the numbers here.  Hurricane Irene was the first hurricane to make a direct hit on New Jersey and the mid-Atlantic regions since 2000 -- or since 1907. Not only was there significant wind damage throughout the territory but severe flooding hampered repairs. In the end, we employed a total of over 8,000 employees and contractors, and spent $89 million to complete repairs from the storm. I mentioned the October snowstorm was unseasonable for this part of the country. In fact, the areas that we serve that were impacted by the storm had seen less than 3 inches of snowfall in October in the last 100-plus years added together. For this storm, including the FirstEnergy employees that I've already mentioned, we had over 9,000 employees and contractors working to restore service and spent over $125 million. Snowfall, while the trees still hold their leaves, is by far the worst type of event we can have. And it's even more damaging as you can see than a hurricane rolling right through the middle of your territory. And mother nature normally takes care of that, gets the leaves down before we get to snow, but every now and then, she gets her signals crossed, I think. While I think we did a good job, both of these storms provided us great opportunities to learn. We've never dealt with storms of this magnitude in our history before. One key learning was the amount of communication necessary to keep our customers, safety forces, elected officials and regulators fully informed of the amount of damage and the status of repairs. Because we've never experienced a storm of this kind of magnitude, I don't have to say we underestimated what was needed from a communications perspective during Hurricane Irene. But immediately following Hurricane Irene, we are able to take these lessons learned and develop a more robust communications plan that served us well. And you can see some of the things we did. We used social media for the first time, got ahead of the storm in terms of some news conferences and really ramped up what we did from a communications perspective.  And this is the slide Mark alluded to. I think it truly puts the magnitude of these 2 storms in perspective. You can see the repair costs for a dozen of our more recent events. Before Hurricane Irene, the worst storm in our history was Hurricane Ike in 2008. Hurricane Ike came up from the Gulf into Ohio, made a 90-degree turn and rolled right through pretty much all of our service territory and impacted about 1 million customers. Its repair costs though was only $42 million. Hurricane Irene more than doubled that cost and the October snowstorm trebled that cost. And then one final number on storms, in a normal year, we only budget about $65 million to $70 million for storm repairs for the entire year. So, it was a tough year, storm-wise. I'm tired of talking about it. You're probably wondering how we were able to deliver the strong financial results with all of these costs. And I'd say it has to do with the forward-looking view of some of our state regulators and the work of our regulatory affairs team. In New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Ohio we have mechanisms in place to deal with excess of costs from storms of this magnitude. And the 2011 income statement impact of both of these storms combined was less than $10 million. Clearly, they were terrible storms, I'm very proud of the efforts of all of our Utility employees who worked to restore service following these. But despite their efforts, we had a number of customers and communities that were understandably upset about how long it takes -- took us to restore all the customers. We continue to work to address some of the remaining issues from these 2 events.  There's another perspective that I want to share with you and that has to do with a recent announcement by J.D. Power & Associates. For 13 years, J.D. Power & Associates has been conducting customer satisfaction surveys throughout the utility industry. One thing we've learned over those 13 years is that commercial customers are generally the most discerning in terms of reliability. And it's due to the fact that in many cases, if the power goes out, they lose revenue that they can never make up while the power is out. And you can see here from the results that in 2011, the 2 companies that were most impacted by both of these 2 storms Met-Ed and Jersey Central Power & Light, the 2011 results showed significant improvement for both of those companies. In fact, New Jersey, JCP&L, came in first place in the Eastern region and we're going to be collecting one of those J.D. Power trophies in the near future, and we're going to be proud of that. And I want to mention 50% of these surveys were taken after both of these storms hit. So while a small amount of customers can make a lot of noise following an event like this. I think this random survey by J.D. Power shows that when you get down into it, the bulk of our customers, who looked outside, who saw the damage, who saw the trees damaged by the snow, understood that this was a massive effort. And I think we really understood that these storms are -- I mean, I tell Tony, they are 100-year storms. So he's not going to have to worry about them again, hopefully. But they can't be prevented and you can't plan for them. And I've gotten questions at the Board several times about how we're going to increase our storm budget because of them and the answer is no. I mean, they are literally events that I don't think we should plan for. We plan for our normal operations. When they come, we will deal with them. All right, enough on storms. Take a few minutes to look to the future. On the sales front, we've talked about this. We're projecting a modest growth of 2% across our regulated utility footprint. I mentioned at the beginning, we've got good diversity of load. All 3 customer classes which helps bring balance to this picture. 2% shown here is also adjusted for any offset that comes from the energy efficiency mandates that we have to achieve.  We're seeing some individual pockets of investment, Tony mentioned a few. You can see a few more on here. This is where the growth is coming from. While some of the industrial load that we had probably disappeared for good, following the 2008 onset of the recession, the ones that -- for the ones that have survived, the forecast is looking a little brighter. Steel and automotive is showing some pick up. There's lots of investment going on in Cleveland, which is the largest city that we serve, and the oil and gas drilling and refining industry is pretty much lined up with our Northern and Western PA service territory and then down on into West Virginia. When factoring that all in, we expect to continue to deliver strong financial results in '12 and '13. You can see our earnings projections on this slide. Earnings will be stable, and we are keeping our capital programs under control, so as to deliver strong cash flow back to the parent.  To sum up my comments on the Utilities, I think we really have 5 things that we need to stay focused on. First, company by company, we need to make sure we maintain strong capital structures and earn our allowed rates of return for each one of these companies. We need to use our experiences from these 2 storms to build a more robust storm management process that incorporates all lessons learned from these 2 events. We need a successful completion of our IT integration for the former Allegheny companies, so we can finalize the operational processes and finally run this as one company. And we need to continue to drive more costs out of our business processes while at the same time meeting all of our regulatory commitments. This will ensure that we can deliver these financial results that we've talked about for both '12 and '13 and into the future.  Mark mentioned to help accomplish this, we're implementing automated work management tools throughout our territory. All of our Ohio operating companies are complete. And we're in the process of implementing in New Jersey as we speak. These tools help us improve the planning and scheduling of the work, and ensure that we are using our crews as productively as possible and the improvements that we expect to get through that are going to help us control these costs into the future.  Okay. That's it for our Utility operations. I'll shift to Transmission for a few minutes, and then I'll take some questions at the end. The completion of the merger last year has also brought a significant size and scope when it comes to Transmission. We're now the largest Transmission owner in PJM, and one of the largest in the United States. With more than 24,000 line miles reaching throughout the territory, the Transmission business segment represents a stable but also growing portion of our regulated portfolio. This is another area where the contiguous footprint gives us some operational strength, we can operate our Transmission system with little reliance on any other transmission owners being in the middle.  Transmission reliability, remains a key to our strategy here, also. Like most of the industry, we benchmark Transmission reliability with a company called SGS. Each year, we set our targets at industry top-decile. And when you look at this chart, you can see that over the last 5 years, we achieved that goal in 2009, and we were in the range each of the other 4 years. Both '10 and '11 were significantly impacted by abnormally high storm years. Been a lot of significant accomplishments this past year in Transmission also. The TrAIL line was placed in service ahead of schedule when it began carrying load on May 17, 2011. This line represents a milestone not just for FirstEnergy but for the entire transmission industry to complete a 500 kV. 300 mile lines spanning multiple state jurisdictions within 5 years sets a new benchmark for projects of this type. And while I get the pleasure to stand up here and talk about it because it was completed on FirstEnergy's watch, I think it's only fair that I tip my hat to the former Allegheny executive and employees who were really responsible for this tremendous accomplishment. Along with the TrAIL completion, we moved into the new Transmission Control Center in Fairmont, West Virginia. This facility is a state-of-the-art facility as far as use of technology in the operation of the transmission system. We also completed the move of First Energy's ATSI assets into PJM this summer. While a lengthy process, as we believe this move positions us in an RTO that better fits our overall business objectives and ensures we operate our system in the most reliable fashion. In order to satisfy a NERC requirement, we decided to employ a laser surveying technology throughout our system to ensure that all load ratings of our transmission facilities were correct and achievable under peak load conditions. This newer technology called LiDAR has helped us identify and correct potential issues on a proactive basis. We also successfully completed 3 separate NERC Reliability Compliance Audits. One of the things we've worked hard on is to build a find-and-fix culture into our Transmission business with the help of our colleagues from FirstEnergy Nuclear. This questioning attitude, along with corrective action plans, has been extremely helpful in making sure we withstand the external scrutiny that comes with each of these Reliability Compliance Audits. We also used 2011 to make some structural changes in how we approach the Transmission business from a business perspective. In November, we successfully received FERC approval to use TrAILCo for transmission investments throughout the FirstEnergy footprint. This filing positions us such that any large transmission investments made going forward can be completed within ATSI or TrAILCo, including any PJM RTEP projects within the FirstEnergy footprint. Building these projects under one of our independent transmission companies ensures that we get clarity on returns and reduces any recovery lag because they will be handled under formula ratemaking. The skill sets acquired from Allegheny on transmission siting and construction will also be invaluable going forward as future projects are completed. We aren't sure on the reasons for investing in Transmission either. As the future unfolds, coal plant retirements will drive significant Transmission investment. While these units generate energy for end-use, they are also critical components of a reliable transmission network, providing both voltage support and reactive support to the transmission grid. Their retirements will require new electrical components to be added, either new generation or new transmission going forward. Okay, so what does this mean? We're likely to see increased transmission investment over the next 3 to 5 years. We'll work with PJM through the RTEP process to ensure any investment provides reinforcements well into the future. Some of this RTEP investment will further strengthen the ties between the former FirstEnergy GPU and Allegheny Transmission Systems in order to ensure we can operate the larger system in as most reliable fashion as possible. We may also look to make some investments to modernize some of the aging components of our transmission system. And one thing I don't see in our future is investing in large scale transmission projects outside of our utility footprint. We plan to stay close to home, make investments that have high certainty of completion and transparency as far as financial returns. Just like with our Utilities, earnings from our Transmission business segment should be stable over the next couple of years. We're also looking at relatively stable capital requirements in '12 and '13. Several of the Transmission projects that are included in our overall capital plan are shown on this slide. While we strive to invest as much of this capital -- we will strive to invest as much of this capital as possible under ATSI and TrAILCo. We believe we have positioned our Transmission business as a strong foundation for growth going forward, we've moved -- as we move forward, Mark talked about, we're going to do more structural change with the Transmission holding company to further strengthen how we do this business. Going forward, Transmission investment should provide strong transparent returns, as well as efficient recovery of operating expenses. And I'm sure you've already done the math, but if you add up the earnings from the Utilities and the Transmission, that puts us in the range of $2.45 to $2.55 in 2012, and we expect to build upon that in 2013. I think our entire Utilities team is focused on financial discipline and operational excellence, as Tony mentioned. So with that, we'd be happy to take any questions.
Unknown Analyst: Is moving the transmission into the regulated company transmission into the transmission segment, is that a precursor or should we think of that as a precursor to a legal transfer of those assets? Or is that not something that you're contemplating?
Charles E. Jones: I think it's something that we would obviously like to do at some point, but I don't think it's imminent. I think we'll get there at some point in the future. It's more just to kind of break the 2 business segments out so we could really see what's being driven from Distribution, what's being driven from Transmission.
Unknown Analyst: Chuck, could you talk to what kind of economic growth assumption is underpinning the 2% sales growth forecast for 2013, and then maybe how weather and growth could interact to have a flattish pro forma sales in '12?
Charles E. Jones: Okay, we'll take the weather one first. We plan for normal weather, we go to great pains to try to figure out what normal weather is, believe me, and I don't think there's any such thing as normal weather anymore. But in most years, you may have a warmer summer and a warmer winter that go together that offset. We haven't gotten off to a good start this year. In our footprint, it's been unseasonably warmer than you would expect in January and February. But over the year, the weather kind of tends to level out. Underpinning the rest, we've got about a 3% to 4% growth in the Industrial segment built in there, about a 1% growth in residential and commercial, that's offset by about a 2% reduction due to all the energy efficiency mandates.
Unknown Analyst: I believe you have mentioned that you plan to earning your return on equity, so you don't expect any new rate cases filing in the future? And when do you expect any -- GAAP between earned and return?
Charles E. Jones: I'd say right now, there are no rate cases imminent. We're earning right around our allowed rates of return in each of the jurisdictions and, I don't see any significant investments that's going to get us to that point in the near future. Our capital program kind of offsets the depreciation that's going on, so we kind of hang right around there with each one of the operating companies.
Unknown Analyst: I noticed that CapEx for Transmission business has gone up in this year's plan versus last year's plan. Can you just talk a little bit about what's going into those numbers, and then what you think the right run rate is going to be for Transmission spending?
Charles E. Jones: You asked Mark earlier, and the main thing that's going into it is the breaking out of the Transmission from the Utility segment. The CapEx that's underneath what was traditional capital is about half of what you see there. And about half of it is due to pulling the Transmission out of the Utilities and showing it within the Transmission business segment. Okay.
Anthony J. Alexander: We are at a break time. It's 9:18. What time do you want us back, Irene? About what? Okay, about 9:32 or 3. Let's make a 15-minute break. Okay. Thank you. [Break]
Anthony J. Alexander: All right. Why don't we grab our seats if we can. We'll get started again. All right. We're going to get back started here. And our next presenter is Jim Lash, the President of FirstEnergy Generation and our Chief Nuclear Officer. Jim?
James H. Lash: Thank you, Tony. Well, it's a pleasure to have the opportunity to talk to you today. And first, I'm going to start out by giving you a brief overview of our fleet, as well as some of our key focus areas. Next, I'll talk about the impacts of some of the environmental regulations that you've heard about this morning, as well as the recent retirement announcement of some of our coal-fired units. And then finally, I'll discuss some of the capital projects and initiatives that we have to support our goal of optimizing our assets, positioning our generation fleet for growth, as well as upholding our commitment to safe and reliable operation. As you can see, we have a very large and diverse generation fleet, which is fueled by coal, wind, hydro, gas and oil and nuclear. This fleet is really comprised of 41 different stations and 109 units that are spread across the 6 states in which we operate. I believe this fleet is well positioned, and we believe this fleet is well positioned in the marketplace as a result of our transition to PJM in June of last year. It's clear to me that the synergies gained through the integration of our generation assets and the incorporation of best practices following the merger of last year has really positioned our fleet well for the competitive marketplace. And I believe this is reflected in our 2011 accomplishments. On the Fossil side, right after the merger we quickly assessed the performance of our new units, we scheduled maintenance outages and we made targeted investments in those units in order to address identified performance shortfalls. These steps enabled us to have this fleet run very strongly during the high-demand summer months as well as the rest of the year, for we're able to reduce our Effective Forced Outage Rate for the fleet by over 50% and to better our year-end target for this reliability indicator. On the nuclear side, we've also had a strong year in 2011. Davis-Besse was recognized for industry excellence. And the Davis-Besse unit achieved a 0.36% forced loss rate, which is really indicative of top quartile performance. Last year, Davis-Besse in the fall of last year replaced a reactor vessel head. And as you well know, it was during that outage that we discovered cracks in our containment shield building concrete. We performed a very thorough evaluation and assessment of that condition, and we concluded that the shield building was robustly designed, that it was a significantly reinforced structure that could continue to perform its safety function with significant margin. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission concurred with our conclusion, and that unit returned to service in early December last year. We have just completed the root cause, and that root cause has been provided to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission earlier this week and made public yesterday. What we discovered is that these cracks were caused by a significant weather-related event that occurred the year after Davis-Besse went into commercial operation. The report also outlines some actions that we'll take to make sure or to ensure that Davis-Besse shield building continues to function safely. And that will include a plan of weatherproofing coating to the exterior services of that building, as well as performing inspections to make sure that the cracks do not grow, and we will put in place a long-term monitoring plan for that structure going forward. Beaver Valley station also performed very well in 2011. Those units were also recognized for industry excellence, and the Beaver Valley units achieved a forced loss rate of 0.01%. That represents top decile performance. They were also recognized in 2011 and received the Utility Achievement Award for Best Performance given by the American Nuclear Society. That is the second time in the last 5 years that, that station has received that award. Last year, I discussed a common approach to safety, human performance and best practices. I'm here today to tell you that I'm very pleased with the progress that we've made in this area. We are leveraging safety and human performance from our nuclear experience across our entire fleet. We have also leveraged the expertise in our generating units to develop maintenance best practices that are now being deployed across the entire fleet. Some examples of that would be our transformer and turbine generator maintenance programs that are being used by both nuclear and fossil. Now we selected these programs because last year, quite honestly, early in the year we had challenges in performance with transformers and turbine generators, and I'm convinced that these programs will help us turn around that performance. We've also developed outage management guidelines that I consider best practices, and those guidelines focus on safe and efficient execution of our outages. They're particularly focused on determining the proper scope, making sure that we have detailed execution plans in place that we've resourced our outages correctly and that we safely execute them. These guidelines also complement our ability to share resources across our fleet. I spoke of the Davis-Besse outage earlier. We have fossil staff at that outage and that worked out very well for us. First off, it helps us defer the expenses of contract resources, and it actually results in higher quality work being performed because our personnel are vested in the units. Our integrated generation business plan establishes these focus areas as keys to our success. The actions I just described support the focus areas of safe -- safety, human performance and reliable operations. Another key focus area for us is the development of the management model, which will result in standardizing our approach and simplifying our daily operations. Examples of some areas covered by the management model are standardized corrective action program, common substation maintenance program and boiler tube failure programs. We have established in our fleet paired teams on both the nuclear and fossil side. These paired teams are charged with the responsibility to identify performance gaps and then close those gaps or use of the management model by employing standardized best practices to address those shortfalls. This management model should also benefit us as we look forward to other opportunities to improve the material condition of our units, as well as improve the reliability of those units. And moving forward, we will remain focused on the operational and financial targets and maintain a highly skilled and qualified workforce. As you all know, we recently announced the retirement of 9 units, 9 older coal-fired units as a result of the Environmental Protection Agency's, Mercury and Air Toxics Standards Rule, known as MATS. So let me make it perfectly clear. MATS put these units out of business. And the reason we're shutting them down now, as you've already heard, is that we intend to channel all of our resources towards ensuring that the remainder of our fleet is in compliance with that rule in the timeframe required. The breakdown of these 9 units, as you can see, is 6 on the competitive side in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania and Maryland; and 3 units on the regulated side in West Virginia. Currently, we are in discussions with PJM as they review the reliability impacts of these retirements. You can see that through these retirements, we will see a capacity reduction of approximately 3,300 megawatts, which is about 14% of our generation. In 2011, our output was roughly 106 million megawatt hours, and these retiring units comprised about 10% of that output. By 2013, as you've heard before, we will be nearly 100% low- or non-emitting in terms of our generation fleet. And the breakdown of our fleet at that point will be on a capacity basis above 58% scrubbed coal, 21% nuclear, and 20% gas, hydro, wind and pumped storage. If we look closer at our competitive units, this slide shows that while our competitive capacity will decrease, we plan to make up for that following the retirements by expecting to make up for that with output from -- by improving the capacity on the remaining units in our fleet. In 2013, the first full year following those retirements, we expect this fleet to generate in an output of 100 million megawatt hours. And as I've stated previously, that will be from sources that are non -- or low- or non-emitting generation sources. I think this is a slide that I know is very busy, but I know that there's a great deal of interest in. This is -- this shows you what are the impacts and how we're going to deal with MATS on a unit-by-unit basis. First off, I know there's a lot of acronyms on this slide. Those acronyms, you can find them on Page 1 of your Appendix, but I will talk to a couple of them. The strategy that we're using in complying with the MATS rule involves a least capital approach model. What we're doing is using current emissions, and then stack data -- additional stack data that we will take in the first quarter of this year. And with that information, we plan to deploy numerous low-cost -- lower-cost technologies to ensure compliance. And we're viewing compliance on a plant basis versus a unit basis. We are also exploring co-firing some of our units with natural gas and coal. We'll consider additional dispatch approaches, and we'll even consider derating units considering this marketplace in order to ensure compliance. Now last year, I told you that our spend -- our capital spend was $2 billion to $3 billion to comply with this rule when it was MACT. Now that we understand the rule and we've dug into it and analyzed the situation more deeply, we are right now looking at a $1.3 billion to $1.7 billion spend to comply. And we continue to work further to reduce that cost. And we will be in compliance by the spring of 2015. To ensure that our plan holds up, we've engaged a well-known independent engineering contractor to validate our approach and make sure that we -- our plan is solid when we start its implementation later this year. The company is also well positioned regarding the EPA Cross-State Air Pollution Rule. Now as you all know that rule has been put on a stay, which does create some uncertainty. Now our plan for dealing with that rule is not yet fully developed, and it is largely dependent on what we finalize in terms of dealing with MATS later this spring. This slide should -- shows you that we are -- we will attempt to balance with our environmental spend, capital projects that will also look to improving, where we can, reliability in our units. On the fossil side, we'll change out a rotor at the Bath County's pumped storage -- a generator rotor at the Bath County pumped storage facility. We'll upgrade our turbine rotor at the Fort Martin unit 2 unit with a new turbine rotor, and we will do boiler work at Hatfield and Harrison. On the nuclear side, we'll replace rotors at Beaver Valley and Perry stations, which will result in roughly a 74-megawatt additional output. We'll replace -- continue to work on replacement of steam generators at Davis-Besse in 2014 and Beaver Valley in 2017. And finally, we'll work to continue license renewal, beginning with Davis-Besse and then wrapping up with the Perry station. As you can tell, our assets -- as you can tell, FirstEnergy's integration -- integrated fleet has much on its plate in the years ahead. I'm pleased with the progress we've made in solidifying our fleet approach and maximizing our use of best practices across our fleet. The work we've completed, I believe, positions us well to optimize our assets and achieve some growth. And it also improves the effectiveness of the remaining units in order to compensate for those units that we're retiring at the latter part of this year. In 2012, we will take market conditions into consideration, when we will make smart investments in our nuclear and fossil units. We plan to complete our outages, complete our environmental upgrades, our capacity improvements, and we'll work on license renewal at our nuclear stations. And finally, we will shut down those units that we plan to retire in a safe and orderly manner. I look forward to leading this integrated fleet to operational excellence, working through the challenges of new regulation and delivering the results that support our company in achieving its financial and operational objectives. Thank you. And with that, I'll take questions.
Unknown Analyst: Can you give a little bit more color in terms of what were the changes in the new assumptions that you're making for the MATS CapEx. What has led to that significant decline? Does it mean more shutdowns or whatever?
James H. Lash: Okay. If you look at that slide, you'll see that what we're really focusing on is improving the efficiency of our electrostatic precipitators and our scrubbers to achieve compliance rather than the use of fabric filters. The estimate I gave you last year made extensive use of fabric filters at all of our supercritical units. And those, as you know, are very expensive pieces of equipment. So what we're doing is upgrading the precipitators and using other technologies to improve their efficiencies, such as dry sorbent injection and activated carbon injection. And if you look at that slide, you'll see that there's now only 2 stations that have new fabric filters, and they are the Hatfield and Harrison stations. And they are not -- the number for those stations is actually 2 fabric filters for Hatfield and 1 for Harrison. So not every unit gets one. So that's what really led to the reduction in our estimates for achieving that.
Unknown Analyst: Great. Follow-up question there. First, with regard to the finalization of the MATS rules, it seems like perhaps some of the particulates and sales went down, so I'm a bit curious maybe from your perspective, to what degree was the final rule different from the draft closing? Did that change this, or what was it more realizing we have an ability to tap our existing ESPs to meet these targets?
James H. Lash: Well, that had -- that was an input of course. The rule was relaxed somewhat in terms of filter ball particulate. So that did help. But I think the greatest reductions were achieved through the technologies that I just talked about, but that was a contributor.
Unknown Analyst: Great. And then maybe a follow-up, and you still talk about a pretty big billion dollar-plus number here. From a timing perspective, I know that's definitely a focus of the industry right now. When would you expect to see the bulk of this CapEx, excluding out '12 '13, is it a '14, '15, '16 that we really should be focusing on here?
James H. Lash: Well, the bulk of the expenditure is in '14 and '15.
Unknown Analyst: Great. And then just a final clarification, you talked derating the units just a little bit, is there an ability to fuel switch here, maybe bringing some PRV. You talked about that a little bit earlier, is that part of the plan?
James H. Lash: Well actually, without getting too much into the details here, the technical details, by using these technologies the we're talking about, we're going to have to remain fairly stable in terms of our fuel mixes because there's -- it reduces some operating margins. And so we will establish a fuel design through [indiscernible]. And then based on that fuel design, we'll work with these technologies to achieve the reductions that we're looking for.
Unknown Analyst: Yes, 2 questions. One, on MATS, can you believe that a plant that burns appellation coal has to install a wet scrubber to be able to comply with MATS, whether it's your plant or any plant?
James H. Lash: I'm not sure I know the answer to that. I may have to call one of my fossil experts to that. But I don't know the answer to that. Charlie, do you have a...
Unknown Executive: [indiscernible] reductions, but that's not a direct side on that. But there is a corresponding substitution roles such as [indiscernible] in general [indiscernible] you have to have that or [indiscernible] injection.
Unknown Analyst: And just follow-up on the fuel switching question. Have you seen, not just for your company but across the industry, a potential shift towards, as more plants get environmental controls, appellation coal plants may be shifting the burn at more Illinois basin. And are there any constraints like rail or other transport constraint that could keep that from happening?
James H. Lash: Well yes, I think from a sulfur standpoint, there is a migration -- or folks are moving to fuel, coal, away from appellation coal. However, the transportation of that coal almost offset some of that. It's a -- the costs are very high. So I really -- I think Donny's going to talk to that. He's going to talk about what our outlook is on fuel cost. Hopefully that will address your question further.
Unknown Analyst: I wanted to sort of touch base on the capacity factor increase in 2012. I know that when you guys were dealing with the merger, you expected to see a substantial increase in the supercritical capacity factor due to dispatch arrangements with PJM. I'm wondering how those went, and how they're being projected in 2012. And also just in general, just -- is it just -- why is the dispatch, why is the capacity factor rising so much in 2012 versus 2011 for scrubbed coal because the capacities if I'm looking at these look about the same. The total megawatt looked about the same. So why is the capacity factor, if I understand this correctly, moving up so much. I'm sorry if I missed that.
James H. Lash: Well the capacity factor in 2011 for some of our units was impacted again, by market prices, and they were placed in reserve. So we ran some -- a number of times we ran with our supercriticals in reserve. We're now looking at hopefully that will not be and replicated this year and that capacity exists there. And we can run those units to achieve that output.
Unknown Analyst: What caused it to do that? I mean just -- I'm sorry to be slow on this, but what is it that changed in terms of 2011 versus 2012 versus this reserve versus it not being that way?
James H. Lash: Market prices were lower, considerably lower.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. So that's -- basically it's a dispatch factor. And the arrangement with Allegheny and the supercriticals, has that got anything -- because I know that you guys had thought previously that if you had a must run dispatch agreement that you guys might be able to boost that capacity back to with Allegheny. How did that work that? How is that going so far?
James H. Lash: Donny, do you have a... Yes, I think that's probably -- Donny's here. Donny, why don't you take care of that?
Donald R. Schneider: It's working out quite well. We have now started to dispatch all of the Allegheny units. In fact, we really did it within a week of the completion of the merger. We started dispatching all of the Allegheny units from our West Akron Campus. And it's amazing me. Within a week, you would do a morning meeting and if you didn't know, you couldn't tell which units were Allegheny units, traditional Allegheny units and which ones were traditional FirstEnergy units. And so we started to implement that same kind of a strategy that we had in our supercritical units. Those units responded quite nicely, and that's fully implemented today.
Unknown Analyst: Could you talk about the PJM process, and in terms of the timing of their reliability determination? And if they do determine that some of the plants that you've proposed to shut down are needed for reliability reasons, what does that imply? Does that imply an RMR contract or does that imply them just imploring you not to shut them what -- sort of what happens then?
James H. Lash: Well as I've already said, we are very early in that process. We have sent in our deactivation letter on the 26th of January of this year. And the PJM has responded with what they see as some reliability challenges, but it has -- but they made no reference to generation assets and what units would be designated as RMR units. So we're very early into that process. We expect to get more clarification in that regard over the next 60 days. And so I really can't answer that anymore specifically today.
Unknown Analyst: Yes. Just one question on the MATS compliance. A lot of the things that you mentioned for some of the plants may have some impact on your O&M cost potentially. Could you give us a sense on what the MATS could do to O&M cost of the overall fleet?
James H. Lash: Actually, I don't have a quantified number for increased O&M cost. There will be some additional O&M cost because there's additional equipment that has to be operated and maintained and monitored. So there is some of that, but I can't tell you what that number would look like today. We have one more.
Irene M. Prezelj : This will be the last question then.
Unknown Analyst: To the extent that you bid a coal plant with environmental upgrade into the upcoming auction, what are the rules with respect to qualifying to get that to accept whatever price you get in this year's auction for a 3-year period? In other words, should we assume that any of your plants that bid would be entitled to receive the current year auction price for 3 years, or how does that work?
James H. Lash: Well, I'm not the auction expert. I'll refer to Donny on that one.
Donald R. Schneider: The 3-year payment that you're referring to would only be for a new unit going into service, not a unit that you're retrofitting.
Donald R. Schneider: Good morning. I'm Donny Schneider, President of FirstEnergy Solutions. I have responsibility for retail sales, commercial operations, fuel procurement and unit dispatch. Here are the topics that I'll be covering today. FES's target markets remain the same. We continue to focus on these 6 states. However, let me point out one item that has changed since last May. Back then, this map was segmented into 3 categories: home, close to home and market sourced. As a result of our fully implemented and very successful asset-backed sales approach, we now view our sales territory as only 2 categories: generation sourced, which is the majority of our sales; and to a much smaller degree, market sourced. FirstEnergy Solutions now serves nearly $2 million residential, commercial and industrial customers in these 6 states. According to the most recent industry data, FirstEnergy Solutions now ranks #2 in both nonresidential retail sales and in domestic electric-only residential sales. You'll note this slide looks a lot like the one I presented last year. That's because our strategy has not changed. We continue to leverage our generation assets selling the power that we produce in our power plants to our end-use retail customers. Through a multi-channel approach, we have significantly grown our customer base in a truly organic fashion, which we have found to be extremely cost effective. Let me explain what I mean by organic fashion. While other competitors increase their customer count by acquiring retail sales companies, FirstEnergy Solutions has been able to achieve the same level of growth by utilizing internal resources at a fraction of the cost. As part of our strategy, we continue to focus on reducing our fuel expense to achieve world-class procurement. And we maintain and enhance the efficiency of our plant operations. Let me take a moment to highlight an item that Jim mentioned in his presentation. While retiring these 6 older coal-fired plants in our competitive fleet was a very difficult decision, the loss of these plants will not negatively impact our channel sales. In fact, it simply means we will utilize the wholesale market to a very minor degree in order to serve our customers when our big machines are on scheduled outages in the spring and in the fall. I'll come back to this point in a few slides. Our multichannel marketing approach means we go deep and wide in the territories we target. In other words, we pursue every customer class in those markets. We strongly believe that this multichannel approach is far less risky and more profitable than simply relying on one part of the business. This chart lists the 6 states where FirstEnergy Solutions does business and the 5 customer channels that we target: POLR, governmental aggregation, mass market, large C&I, and medium C&I. You can see we have fully implemented our multichannel approach to securing customers in every channel that's available to us to gain market share and increase our profitability. When it comes to POLR, we continue to be selective. Looking at POLR in Illinois, Amron [ph] procures electricity for customers through the Illinois Power Authority and that is currently not an interesting opportunity to FES. Lastly, in some cases, we are limited by the level of market development. For example, regulators in Pennsylvania and in Maryland have not yet embraced governmental aggregation, which continues to be the most cost-effective method of bringing savings to residential customers. I want to touch on this very quickly. One of the main reasons behind our multichannel approach is to ensure we maintain a balanced customer portfolio to reduce risk. I mean a high proportion of residential customers can result in increased risk with a very spiky load profile. On the other hand, having only industrial load is precarious in a weak economy. The key takeaway is that having a fairly balanced portfolio, such as the one we've achieved, provides greater stability over the long term and diversifies our risk. It's interesting to note that our current customer portfolio looks a lot like the customer portfolio of a Midwestern utility. That's by design. That's what our machines were built to serve. This slide indicates our updated 2012 sales position. As you can see, we've included the past 10 months to show that FirstEnergy Solutions does not try to time the market. Instead, we strive to sell and renew our book in a ratable fashion to minimize risk. There are 3 points on this chart that are highlighted. The first, which is at the bottom left indicates our position at last May's analyst meeting. The second large point shows where we are today, and the point at the top right of the chart indicates our goal for the year. Today, we have closed 89% of our channel sales position. I'd also like to point out that we have increased our total expected channel sales for 2012. Last May, the total was 95.7 terawatt hours. Today, we have set a target of 104 terawatt hours. This slide shows what our 2013 sales position looks like. Similar to the previous slide, it also shows the previous 10 months positions. Today, we've closed 56% of our total channel sales position. As in previous years, our strategy is to have about 90% of our 2013 sales under contract by the end of this year. Now that we've covered our current state, let's focus on where we expect to be in the next few years. This chart clearly shows that we have successfully held the line on our fuel expense. And we did in fact achieve our targeted fuel cost for 2011. Last May, we projected fossil fuel cost of $28 and $29 for 2012 and 2013. As you can see, our expectations have not changed. Also, nuclear fuel continues to remain relatively flat. By being able to fully leverage our sales channels mix and placing a greater focus on selling to higher-margin customers, we will hold our 2012 rate at $57. And although the wholesale market has dropped over $10 a megawatt hour since May of 2011, our sales forecast for 2013 has only decreased $4 from $59 to $55 a megawatt hour. Continuing to be successful in a recessed economy is a result of holding fast to our strategy, which has allowed us to effectively mitigate the effects of a weak electric market. I mentioned earlier that the retirement of our older plants was a very difficult decision. I also said that it would not negatively impact our channel sales. To explain my point, I'm going to illustrate our 2013 projections. In 2013, we plan to sell about 112 terawatt hours, while Jim will only produce about 100 terawatt hours from the fleet. To accomplish this level of sales, we will need to purchase a very modest amount of power, 12 terawatt hours. While this volume represents less than 11% of our portfolio, it's important to understand when we buy the power and who we buy the power from. First, we'll need to purchase only 2 terawatt hours on peak throughout the year. Let me remind you that prior to the last merger, our organization was responsible for purchasing 30 terawatt hours per year to serve POLR load, which has given us a wealth of experience in this area. Next, our long-term purchase contracts make up about 3 terawatt hours. These are legacy contracts such as our wind and OVEC agreements that have been in place for many years and will continue into the future. And lastly, in the past when our supercritical and nuclear units were in outage, our older units were brought online to replace the generation. With the retirement of these older units, we will need to purchase about 7 terawatt hours to cover the scheduled outages. These purchases will occur in the shoulder months, in the spring and in the fall when the price of power is very low. Essentially, we'll take 7 terawatt hours from a weak wholesale market in the shoulder months. And through our retail strategy, we'll sell it profitably to end-use customers. As I mentioned earlier, being able to fully leverage our channel mix allows us to pull different levers and ultimately improve our profitability. Here, I'm illustrating our capabilities at a high level. But I should also point out that our team has developed the expertise that allows us to analyze our sales channels to pinpoint the most profitable customers. This sophisticated modeling gives us the ability to examine and then target the highest margin customers at the channel level in each utility for every product type and even down to the individual customer. Our enhanced capability to optimize almost profitable channels will be key to our continued success. I'd like to point out government aggregation, which we expect to increase almost 40%. FirstEnergy Solutions is the most experienced governmental aggregation supplier in the marketplace, and we have a proven track record of delivering results. We look forward to continuing to bring that expertise to the rest of Ohio and Illinois. We also look forward to continuing our mass-market effort to build our residential customer base. Consistent with the strategy we laid out in 2009, we've continued to reduce our dependence on POLR sales. You've all heard me say although POLR sales quite frankly are the easiest to participate in, the volumetric swings in that channel make it extremely risky. Over the last several years, the volumetric risk has been primarily a result of customers shopping away from POLR suppliers. This can leave the supplier long in a very soft wholesale market. However, when electric markets recover and I do believe they will recover, companies providing POLR service could experience dramatic volume increases as customers return at very low POLR prices. Here's a real-life example of this situation. In 2006, FirstEnergy Solutions was under contract to serve all of the FE Ohio utility load. When wholesale electric prices increased, one competitive supplier saw an opportunity and dumped about 5 terawatt hours back on the utility. At that time, natural gas was trading at about $10 a decatherm. The electric market was seeing on peak prices approaching $100 per megawatt hour. FirstEnergy solutions contract with those utilities was a full requirements contract and it was at $42 a megawatt hour. Sounds a lot like a POLR contract today in Ohio. When all is said and done relative to the market, we served that load at times at a loss of $58 per megawatt hour. It was a big hit to our margin back in 2006, which makes me wonder if the participants in today's POLR markets are properly hedging and pricing that risk.  Before I wrap up, I want to touch briefly on a few of our major initiatives that will enable us to continue to drive our strategy. In the retail arena, we will maintain our focus on leveraging the flexibility of our various sales channels, so that we are continually able to obtain the highest margins possible at any given time. FirstEnergy Solutions also understands the significant competitive advantages to introducing new and innovative products. And although I have not talked about our next generation of products, we believe that this capability is important to building our book of business. To maintain our level of success in the retail arena, requires that we sustain a highly effective back-office, which means that we will keep enhancing this area of the business to ensure our competitive edge. Moving now to our major initiatives regarding fuel. One of our major initiatives involves strategic investments to improve our fuel logistics. For example, our rapid rail delivery system at our Harrison plant, which will greatly improved our flexibility, is expected to be operational in November of this year. In addition, we plan to further leverage our market position and utilize our fuel switching capabilities. I think Jim also mentioned that we're pursuing gas co-firing. Not only will gas co-firing will help improve our environmental compliance but will also introduce competition into the coal supply market.  Finally, on the heels of our successful mission allowance auction that we held back in December, FirstEnergy Solutions is interested in a second auction when the Casper rules become clearer. Let me close by saying FirstEnergy Solutions continues to be well positioned, to grow our earnings contribution. We have a proven sales team that will maximize our margins, our seasoned fuel and unit dispatch teams have a strong track record of leveraging our position to achieve savings. And as always, our low risk strategic approach will ensure steady, predictable results year after year.  Thank you, and now I'll take questions.
Unknown Analyst: Yes, I'm just not sure I'm understanding going back to your Slide 11, where you're purchasing only 2 million megawatt hours on peak. I mean, if you're essentially selling half of your intermediate or low following units in Ohio, what assets essentially are you making up for in terms of providing on peak power?
Unknown Executive: That's a great question. I think Jim pointed out, that we look for higher capacity factors out of the supercritical units. He has shown that it will generate about 100 terawatt hours. If you look in the appendix, let me get the appendix, Page 43, you'll see our total sales come up to 112 terawatt hours. So it's simply the difference.
Unknown Analyst: Right. But I mean, if you're going to be under any scenario, you're running your supercritical flat out during peak demand periods. So in theory, I don't see how that would change and give you extra megawatt hours at peak -- on peak. In other words, I could see how it would give you additional megawatt hours to sell, but I don't understand how that adds to your peak portfolio.
Unknown Executive: Well, it really gets into the wholesale sales. If you think about what we've historically done, summer of 2011, July, I think it was the 17th or the 27th was the hottest day in PJM. That was an all-time peak demand. In the peak hour, we were only about 500 megawatts short at that point, but that was only the peak hour. If you looked 2 days later, in that same peak hour, we were long. So when we model 8,760 hours, we look at our portfolio of sales, we compare that out against the generation. And so with great certainty, I can tell you it's only 2 terawatt hours on peak. Any other questions?
Unknown Analyst: You obviously -- you're taking a lot of share away from wholesale and the other pieces of the business in the retail channel. You would the uncertain in AAP's territory and potential maybe to shop more there or at least on an interim basis until there's clarity. How could this mix shift and what customer classes are going to more actively pursue, maybe to further high-grade the mix from once you get these numbers?
Unknown Executive: So Dan, are you asking, is there more beyond the 112?
Unknown Analyst: Well, maybe more about 112 or maybe the mix within these customer classes shifts even further to capture more margin from where you are right now.
Unknown Executive: Yes, that's a great question. Yes, one of the things that we're working really hard on is to understand the most profitable customers and pursue those most profitable customers. You can see how we've achieved some of that channel movement already in one of the slides I've presented. We will obviously continue to do that and we'll pursue those more profitable channels. We're probably capped out at about 112 terawatt hours, but movement within will continue to deliver profitability to the corporation.
Unknown Analyst: Yes. Slide 9, when you were talking about your, I guess it's projections for your fuel cost basically being the same. I was just kind of wondering, what -- is that being driven by hedges and things you'd already put in? Or is that you're kind of looking at the way fuel prices in general have been moving in the last year and that's kind of kept to protection there? Sort of what's I mean the big thing that keep that flat for you?
Unknown Executive: So, we've been working hard, I laid out last May, that we would hold the same kinds of numbers and that we would use our size to leverage the coal suppliers. We've been successful with that. I had a question at the break, with the falloff now in coal prices, is there opportunity to go even lower. And there may be some, but right now we're about 80% hedged for 2013. One more question.
Unknown Analyst: Could you just talk about 2014 and where you would be hedged right now under your strategy and just anything else that you would provide color on for '14 and when you'll provide that guidance?
Unknown Executive: So I'm not going to touch the one about providing guidance but I can tell you from a hedge position, if you just simply look at how we achieved a ratable hedge, and the fact that today, as we look at 2013, we're about 56% hedged, you can take that same kind of extrapolation and you're going to find out that for '14, we would be right on a straight line to be able to get to where we need to be, 90% completely hedged by December of '13.
Leila L. Vespoli: Okay. Now that we got that squared away, I'm Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President and General Counsel, here today to provide you with the regulatory update. I am truly proud of the regulatory adeptness demonstrated by my team, and I use the term "team" for a particular purpose. And that's because at FirstEnergy, we employ a true team strategy when dealing with regulatory issues. I think that's something that differentiates us from our peers. Legal, rates, governmental affairs, communications, all of which report up to me, really work in a coordinated hand-in-glove manner that allows us to achieve the results we have and in the timeframes we have. For example, the merger with Allegheny, we are able to complete that within a year's timeframe. For our industry, that's near record timing.  As alluded to earlier in some of our other successes, we completed the integration of ATSI into PJM. In Ohio, we were very active in the Duke ESP case. All right, I will get this coordinated yet. We played a very involved role with getting Duke into a position where are now from both a retailer and a wholesale perspective. They are totally competitive, allowing our competitive arm to come in and serve those customers. We think that was an excellent result in that case. With respect to AAP, we were one of the very few non-signatory parties. We did not believe that, that settlement and that case was good for customers or good for competition, and that is a settlement that the commission recently rejected. But I'll speak more to the AAP, ESP and the continuing sagas in a moment.  In West Virginia, in the E&E seat case, we were successful, that's essentially their fuel case and that there were no disallowances in that case. In Ohio, Mark mentioned the securities legislation that was passed, that legislation was passed, in fairly short order. It will allow us to -- in all parties actually that avail themselves of the legislation to securitize regulatory assets. Now when I talk about securitization legislation, some of you may recall, Senate Bill 221 actually had provisions for securitization. I call that securitization light, if you will. This is the more robust, full securitization that -- which should allow a AAA rating at some point. We would expect, sometime in March or April, to file an application taking financing authority under that legislation. Also in Ohio, we had our all-electric case and whether it bumps along the way, I'm pleased to say that there were no write-offs and we are now collecting the $110 million of past deferrals. And finally, some of you may recall, that in Ohio, late last fall, the governor held an energy summit that Tony and I presented at. I would expect some time in the first half of this year the governor would come out with his report and I would expect that report to focus heavily on the shale gas situation. So you can see from this, we had a full regulatory plate of issues in front of us, and the team delivered results. Okay, now we're coordinated. All right, moving onto what's ahead of us for the next couple of years, what's on the horizon in Ohio. You can expect our utilities, Ohio utilities, to be filing an SSO, that's a standard service offer. It can take the form of either an ESP or an MRO. You can expect to see that filing some time in the fourth quarter, for service of June of 2014. That would mean that we would be expecting a commission PECO decision some time in 2013. The utilities will also be making an energy efficiency filing. That's a 3-year filing commencing in 2013. We are also currently undergoing a renewable energy audit. The commission is going to be hiring an auditor to look at our rec purchases. But given that we've followed both our ESP and the law, I'm expecting a good outcome with respect to that. DPNL, sometime, I guess it is next month, March, should be coming in with their own SSO filing and you'd expect FES to be very active in that case, and to ensure that the Ohio policy of competition is further through that filing.  Now dealing with the AAP ESP, again the commission threw out the stipulation and I think as the chairman said they pressed the restart button with respect to that. It's actually restarted a little bit sooner than anticipated. On Monday, AAP made a filing, basically requesting that the commission resync certain portions of that decision, and especially with respect to capacity. What they've effectively asked the commission to do is reinstitute the very high capacity prices that they chose or were seeking to charge CRES suppliers, CRES suppliers, FES being one of them. If you think what that does, if you charge your POLR customers a very low price for capacity and charge CRES suppliers a very high price, it makes shopping very difficult because it's very difficult for Donny to come in and compete. That is what essentially led to in that APE ESP the 21%, 31%, 41% shopping levels. It was a variability to charge those very high capacity rates. So obviously, FES will be responding to AAP's filing on Monday. If you think about the dynamics, the likelihood of a success, essentially they're asking the commission to resurrect a portion of the stipulation, a portion of the stipulation that is anticompetitive, that is not good for customers and the rest of the stipulation is null and void, and has been all over the press. So I would say AAPs certainly have a challenging road in front of them in commencing the commission that they should pull back on that aspect of their decision. But on a going forward basis, if you look at it, I will say that there is almost a consensus among all the constituents, that they would like to see AAP get to a place of competitive markets and are willing to work with them through a transition period. I think it's unfortunate that the Duke stipulation came later in time than the AAP situation -- stipulation. I say that because I think that represents a reasonable path forward. I don't know whether that's something that all the parties would be interested in. But if you look at the success that Duke had and the auctions and lowering their customer boost prices by 17%. I think that's something that could serve as a good roadmap going forward. Moving on to Pennsylvania. The Pennsylvania Utilities filed default service case for power flow in June of 2013 through May of 2015. The commission also has ongoing -- its Phase 2 investigation seeking to increase participation in retail markets. We actually took pieces and parts from that Phase 2 and embedded them within our default service plan. Those pieces being a 2-year timeframe, and opt-in options, somewhere to an aggregation group, if you would, and a customer referral program. So given that we were somewhat ahead of the curve, we are hopeful that our default service plan will be well received.  The marginal transmission line lost case if you recall this came out of Pennsylvania. This was a decision by the commission to transform, if you would, transmission line losses, that's what considers them as transmission. The Pennsylvania commission changed them into generation in attempt to get them under the cap. That represents $250 million of pre-tax earnings somewhat less in cash because we started to flow it back. We've obviously appealed that. We appeal that to the Pennsylvania Supreme Court which actually last night just denied cert. If you're familiar with the Ohio process, in Ohio, you go up to the Ohio Supreme Court as a matter of right. But in Pennsylvania, you have to be asked -- you have to ask the court to hear the case. They actually denied cert -- but this was on a 2-track path. We also filed in federal district court for that case to be looked at. I think we are at very solid ground. The basis of the case, one of the bases of the case is a file background, that something upon which there is substantial precedent, including at the Supreme Court level. So I'm very comfortable with our position, and that federal court case will go forward so that's not the end of the story with respect to that particular issue. And finally in Pennsylvania, with respect to smart meters, we'll be making a filing by June of 2012. You will recall that the Pennsylvania legislation requires for our FirstEnergy in any event 2 million meters to be installed by 2025. And as Chuck alluded to, that's something that we would expect full cost recovery for.  I should -- I guess mention one more thing, recently in Pennsylvania, the commission published a code of conduct and there's one troubling aspect with respect to that. The rules would contemplate that certain functions can't be shared between the utilities on one hand and the competitive supplier in the other. Those principally being IT, legal and governmental affairs. Now if you think about what that means from a customer standpoint, a utility customer standpoint right now, because they're sharing those costs, they're paying less. So if the commission were to do something where they're essentially going to require duplication, utility customers would end up paying more. We haven't really heard a good reason of why one would want to force this kind of duplication. So I'm thinking this is something that is right for review, and that is going to mean additional costs for utility customers.  Moving on onto New Jersey. Chuck talked a little bit about the Moorestown investigation, the special master had 25 recommendations. JCP&L has accepted all of them. So I think that is something that as we go forward working with the commission to make sure that we're implementing those and I think that's something that is manageable going forward. We also alluded to Hurricane Irene and that freak October snowstorm. The BPU is going to be hiring an auditor to look at all utilities, not just JCP&L, to look at their response time and to see what lessons learned there can be so we go forward and we have another yet one in a 100-year event that all the utilities will be able to share the best practices among themselves. The rate counsel have filed a rate challenge, essentially claiming that JCP&L was over-earning to the tune of roughly $90 million. We filed a response to that. The commission set up a process where the board president will be presiding over, what do I call it, kind of an interim proceeding if you would. He will be looking to see whether a rate case is actually necessary. So we're not in a rate case. This is the process whereby we are going to determine whether a rate case is necessary. We're confident that we can demonstrate that it is not and there is no need to drain the resources of both the BPU staff and the company's.  With respect to the light camp generation situation, just to kind of refresh everybody as to where we are, 3 bids were awarded roughly 1,950 megawatts. That BPU orders establishing that has been challenged by all the EDUs. Certain of the winning bidders are also troubled. They filed notices of dispute. So that process, I have to say, is anything but unclear, as is the light cap 2 situation. Also adding additional complexity, if you would, to the situation, LS Power, the company that was behind the original LCAP legislation, has recently announced that they plan to build generation in New Jersey over 700 megawatts natural powered -- natural gas plants without a subsidy. So the notion of going forward with the LCAP generation thinking it's needed because nobody else is going to come in. It's certainly called into question by LS Power's decision.  In West Virginia, it's been mentioned, we announced the closure of roughly 660 megawatts of regulated generation actually as part of our ENEC case. We had committed to come in for a resource planning filing sometime before September 1. We will actually be coming in, in fairly short order and possibly in the next couple of weeks to explain the plant closure. It will be an informational filing, but to go through with that commission our rationale behind the closure of those particular units. You may recall, as part of the merger conditions in West Virginia, we agreed to establish an energy efficiency component. We agreed to 0.5% reduction over a 5-year period and we will be permitted cost recovery of those cost of those programs. And then finally, with respect to the states in Maryland, their version of light cap is a new generation RFP bids one out, they've come back in. And actually this morning, the commission announced they've taken it down to a shortlist for 1,500 megawatts. My understanding that a lot detail more than that, but apparently that process has moved forward such as that there is now a shortlist of potential winning bidders in that process. In Maryland, we had hearings on the reliability standards. Those hearings were completed in December of '11. If they come out in the form that we believe they will, that was kind of handled through a working group looking at these issues, we think they will be manageable and workable for our utility in Maryland. And finally, dealing with FERC, there are always transmission cost to allocation issues out there. Recently, the FERCs decided the MVP case from an ATSI perspective that was the case whereby right before we left MISO, MISO approved the wind some project in Michigan. Because we had previously notified MISO that we wanted to exit MISO, we didn't believe it appropriate that those caution apply to us since they were clearly not planning for us. Unfortunately, FERCs disagreed with that and indicated that we would have an obligation, but it's something that was curious to me they set for a hearing whether the MISO tariff actually provided a provision to charge ATSI for that. So in my view, there's a little bit of tension there but I don't believe that's even the end of the story because if you think about it, while we don't believe we're responsible. We were proactive in our ESP in Ohio, that ESP actually allows for the recovery of these costs, so ultimately should it be determined that ATSI is going to be responsible for those costs, we would change -- seek to change the ATSI tariff so as to flow those costs on to customers. FERC has also an issue with respect to generation asset deployment. MISO is floating a concept called capacity portability. I think that's a euphemism for double counting of capacity. They seek to take the MISO capacity, move it to PJM under very favorable terms. I also think it's on the ironic side, since with MACT, MISO has indicated that they are going to be capacity short and PJM has indicated that they will be just fine. So obviously more to come on that particular issue.  And the final thing I'd like to mention, with respect to FERC, is the Seneca relicensing process. Seneca is a roughly a 450-megawatt pump storage facility. Its license expires in 2015. We are at FERC seeking relicensing of that plant. The Seneca nation has come into and intervened in that case, claiming that they should have that license and it should be transferred to them. While we take their challenge seriously, they have a very high hurdle in order to overcome to have that license to transfer to them, and we are very confident in the process with respect to that. So in conclusion, I would say again, in 2012 and going forward, we have a full plate in front of us. But I'm confident that the regulatory team can deliver the favorable results for you that we have in the past. And with that, I'd be happy to take any questions.
Unknown Analyst: Pennsylvania, just passed a pretty constructive regulatory, legislative package that gives the PUC sort of a mandate, broad mandate to be more proactive and now they allow returns to compound on capital investments. Is that a regulatory regime and sort of more potentially profitable regulatory regime given the timeliness that you could get. Is that baked into your capital allocation strategy in this plan or is it fair to say that we might see you guys look more regulated infrastructure investment in Pennsylvania given how that regime has improved relative to other states that you're in?
Leila L. Vespoli: Okay. I want to handle that one way and then maybe defer to Mark or Jim to handle that in another way. As we go through the different jurisdictions and we look at the regulatory structures that are present, we try and anticipate what is on the horizon and try and build that into whatever plan it might be, so be it a typical rate case or an ESP. For example, Chuck, when he was up here early, mentioned the storm riders that we have implemented. So we seek to do that kind of thing, specifically with respect to the particular question in Pennsylvania and whether we are trying to avail ourselves an additional return with respect to, I'm not sure exactly what you're getting at.
Unknown Analyst: Other companies who are operating in the state have said previously that they were not investing the maximum extent they could relative to what they felt was necessary because of regulatory lag, and thus they were promoting the passage of this legislation. Now that, that regulatory lag issue has ostensibly been resolved because of this legislation, is there an opportunity for you to sort of catch-up on spending that you otherwise would've done over a longer period of time, in a better way?
Leila L. Vespoli: I see. Okay, I apologize. I missed your question originally. Because you were talking about the new legislation kind of the disc [ph] legislation, if you would, that would allow for a more immediate recovery of investment. There is a provision within that, that in order to avail yourself of it, you have to go through a rate proceeding. So that's something that as we look going forward, when it is time for us to go through a rate proceeding, after that point in time, we might be availing ourselves of that. I'm sorry, I missed your original question.
Unknown Analyst: Yes. I'm sorry, I just wanted to follow-up, just an Ohio follow-up. I'm surprised there wasn't greater pushback by you in the Duke plan, regarding the $5 or $5.50 a megawatt hour stability charge and just what that means for the dynamic of competitive markets relative to what your positions were in the various AAP dockets?
Leila L. Vespoli: In the Duke case, if you think about it, Duke agreed to retail and wholesale competition immediately. Yes, the charge you were referring to, the stability charge, if you would, that's what people speak to when they're talking about allowing utility to transition. It's essentially an earnings profit, if you would, in the meantime. We don't view that as anticompetitive. There are no shopping caps. Donnie can go down and effectively -- in effect, was the winning bidder. In the auction, the wholesale auction, and he's down there seeking customers on a retail level. So yes, one might want to swallow hard and they're receiving some transition dollars that one could argue whether they are due. I don't think that it's all anticompetitive. If you look at the AP stipulation, there were shopping caps. There was not wholesale competition. There was a promise of wholesale competition sometime in the future. If they possibly are able to undo their full arrangement. I view the 2 cases as dramatically different.
Mark T. Clark: Very good, Leila, thank you. And everyone here, thanks for joining us again. In case you didn't realize it, I have an immense pride in this team that I have here with us, not only the presenters that you were able to see today, but much of my management team is here today from financial, from sales, from generation, I hope you've had a chance to meet them. They have consistently delivered on their commitments through good times and challenging ones. And as a result, they have helped transformed this company. We are well positioned on every front to deliver on the strategy we have outlined today and to create even greater value for our investors, and I'm confident that we will do exactly that, through our focus on our core business, operational excellence, retail sales growth and financial discipline. We have the right strategy and the right assets to take advantage of the opportunities that lie ahead.  Thank you. Now let's take some questions. What's on your minds?
Unknown Analyst: This might be a bit more oriented towards Mark. The AE transmission line of credit, what boxes does that essentially represent. Is it trail, the path that it's been suspended, what assets would that entail?
Mark T. Clark: The trail, it's primarily trail at this point. There might be some ancillary costs in there with respect to PATH, and if there's anything else probably with respect to the transmission building itself that we put there, so those would be the 3 kind of primary areas where the bulk of the dollars being represented with the trail line itself and the substations added along that system.
Unknown Analyst: Okay, so there's no intent to put in the bond indenture for potential intermediate transmission hold gold type debt?
Mark T. Clark: They're shaking their heads no, so no.
Unknown Analyst: With regards to ATSI and potentially seeing higher capacity prices, I'm just very curious to hear broader thoughts about receiving RMR and at what point you might receive RMR for some of your units, and also with regards to transmission planning, and when we might see those processes outlined in detail? I know that you guys received a letter from PJM.
Mark T. Clark: Yes, I think Jim kind of outlined that already but we'll work closely with PJM. It's got a letter indicating that they believe that there are significant reliability issues that we're going to have to address. We'll sit down and work with them to try to figure out exactly what are the best ways to go about dealing with the issues PJM has. Remember, we have a responsibility from a reliability standpoint in this region and we will going to -- and we will satisfy that. So we'll work closely with them, work through this. It's going to take time, we all know that. Nothing in our business can be done tomorrow. It takes time, whenever there's capital and whenever there's investment that's likely to be required, like Chuck said in terms of perhaps, some additional transmission into that area. All of that will be factored in and the key to this is enough time for the company to react and to deal with the type of construction issues and citing issues that we may face in order to assure reliable service to our customers.
Unknown Analyst: Tony or Mark, we just looked at the 2012 guidance numbers you've given. The utility should be reasonably well pinned down. You've got 89% of your generation or committed sales already in place. What do you see as kind of driving the variability or potential variability and results this year relative to the $0.30 guidance range right now?
Anthony J. Alexander: The kind of things we always face in this industry, things I don't know. Weather would be one that's obvious. In our space, whether it's good, whether it's bad, it's never normal. So we'll see how that shakes out over the year. Obviously, when I play golf in Akron, Ohio, in February, it's not a good thing. That doesn't happen very often. And so this has been a pretty mild winter thus far for us. Like Chuck said, hopefully it gets made up in the summer. You have weather risks always factoring in, I tell you, assuming in the business like ours, like any business. You have some operational risk with respect to performance of your plants, when do they run, when do -- when are forced off. Those are kind of the larger space things that we look at in terms of, okay, these are things that out there, we know they're there. Our job is to try to manage against it or manage too whatever cards we're faced with. At this point, I'd like to see much more than that. There could be other things out there, there always are, and there's always seems to be something that pops up along the way, but I'd keep my eye on weather and I keep my eye on the operation of the plants. Sales team's doing great right now, they're locking in the sales. The plants are operating well. So we'll see how the rest of it goes.
Unknown Analyst: If you did decide to make Eastlake environmentally compliant, what would the cost be to do that? And then separately, the Ohio securitization of deferred charges, what's the ballpark magnitude to that, that the legislation now allows you to file for?
Anthony J. Alexander: With respect to Eastlake, the decision's been made. It's too much. That's probably the easiest way to put it. With respect to the other one, I don't think we have a handle yet on the magnitude of what we have on our books that will in fact qualify for those securitization. We intend to file I think Leila said, some time in the next several months, I guess, the application, then we'll complete everything that we have to do to make sure that we meet the commission's rules and the intent of the new legislation.
Unknown Analyst: This is probably for Donny. Just a quick question on the hedging. I think in last year's presentation, you had a little more detail around what sort of volumes were contracted but not priced. That slide is absent this year. When we look at the targets you give, how much of those percentages are actually still price-sensitive?
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, for 2013, I mentioned we're about 80% hedged out on coal. About 7% of that is price reopeners. The other 13% is open, open.
Unknown Analyst: On the actual power side?
Donald R. Schneider: On the power side, so what's the question on the power side?
Unknown Analyst: Just on the sales channels, I think in last year's presentation, there was a slug of terawatt hours that were contracted but not were indexed priced or still floating with pricing. So when we look at that, close business, I think that may include some pricing volatility and just a quick color on how much that is.
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, very little. The pricing volatility that you saw last year is around our gov bag [ph] contracts that tie to PTC, in the main -- those PTCs have been established, therefore, the gov bag [ph] rates have been established.
Unknown Analyst: Maybe just to play devil's advocate, the comments Leila made on the AAP case, with respect to their filings on capacity not being customer friendly, or competitor friendly, I guess they would probably argue that they had committed their capacity under this FRR, on PJM and thus, they're owed this money. What's the legal, beside the customer and competitive argument, what's the legal argument against that position?
Anthony J. Alexander: I don't want to go there. Steve, come on. I'm not a lawyer anymore and I don't think Leila needs to answer legally what our position is going to be. I think she pretty well highlighted for you that we have a problem with the idea of charging capacity prices that are substantially in excess of market because they inhibit the ability of customers to choose and take effective use of the competitive markets to lower their prices and become more competitive and to grow their own businesses. Now that's the fundamental position of the company. And while, like Leila said, with respect to the Duke settlement, we're very comfortable with the fact that customers have the opportunity to shop. That it was the other parts of the transaction were not anticompetitive from the standpoint of customers. That's all we're seeking. To the extent that people try to do things that in fact inhibit the ability of competitive markets to run effectively, then we would oppose that. And we would think capacity charges of $200 plus in a market that's $20, is a tad bit over-the-top.
Unknown Analyst: And one other unrelated question, just on the upcoming RPM auction, of the capacity that you are closing, how much of those cleared in last year's auction? In other words, how much less capacity might you have available that cleared last time for Tony into this auction?
Anthony J. Alexander: I don't know. That's getting pretty detailed into the works. I'll let somebody get that to you later, Steve. All right, it looks like that's all the questions. I want to finish on a very high note for you and tell you that this company is focused on operational excellence. It's focused on our investors. It's focused on maintaining our dividend. Now there have been questions today about when we're going to grow it. Well, I think that time is, as the economy improves, as this thing settles down. Otherwise, this dividend is stable. We're working very hard to assure that we can maintain it. We're working very hard to make sure that this -- that we can take advantage of for our investors, for our company and for customers, improvements in the economy, and improvements overall in the competitive market for electricity. Thank you for your support. FirstEnergy is a great company. Have a great year.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-01 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Peter Sena - Senior Vice President of Operations for Nuclear Division William D. Byrd - Chief Risk Officer and Vice President of Corporate Risk Anthony J. Alexander - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Irene M. Prezelj -  Mark T. Clark - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Harvey L. Wagner - Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board Unknown Analyst -  Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Irene Prezelj, Executive Director of Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you. Ms. Prezelj, you may begin.
Irene M. Prezelj : Thank you, Melissa, and good afternoon. During this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp. are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated report to the financial community, which was released earlier today and is also available on our website under the Earnings Release link. Reconciliations to GAAP for the non-GAAP earnings measures we will be referring to today are also contained in that report, as well as on the Investor Information section on our website at www.firstenergycorp.com/ir. Participating in today's call are Tony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Clark, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Harvey Wagner, Vice President and Controller; Jim Pearson, Vice President and Treasurer; Bill Byrd, Vice President of Corporate Risk; Pete Sena, President and COO of FirstEnergy Nuclear Operating Company; and Ron Seeholzer, Vice President of Investor Relations. I'll now turn the call over to Tony.
Anthony J. Alexander: Thanks, Irene, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I will provide an update on our merger synergies, the progress with our retail strategy and more details about the expected impact of environmental regulations. Then, Mark will provide an overview of our third quarter results and our progress towards our key financial initiatives, including debt reduction, asset sales and our liquidity position. But before I get started, I'm sure you're all interested in an update on our Davis-Besse nuclear power station, so I'll address that first. As you know, we began a scheduled outage on October 1 to install a new reactor vessel head and complete other maintenance activities at the unit. After we opened the shield building, we identified hairline cracks in the building's architectural elements. Our team has determined that this cracking does not affect the structural integrity of the shield. During our investigation, we also identified other indications, included among them were subsurface hairline cracks in 2 areas of the shield building, similar to those found in the architectural elements. While our overall investigation and analysis continues, we currently expect to safely return Davis-Besse to service around the end of November. I'll note that we have had a good dialogue with the NRC throughout this process. Respecting the remaining outage work, this past weekend, the new reactor head was transported into containment, and our other outage activities are about on schedule. We'll continue to keep you advised and informed of our progress. Turning now to a review of earnings and our strategic initiatives. Today, we reported solid third quarter results, and I continue to be pleased with the progress we are making toward our goals. While the economy, obviously, still isn't where any of us would like it to be and power markets reflect the continued excess capacity in our region, we are making progress and expect to be well positioned to benefit as conditions improve. Based on our strong third quarter results and our continued confidence in our business strategy, we are reaffirming this year's non-GAAP earnings guidance of $3.30 to $3.50 per share, as well as 2012 and 2013 non-GAAP guidance of between $3.20 to $3.50 per share. Let's look now at our merger savings progress. The Allegheny integration process is going very smoothly. The assets and the people are a very good fit with our organization, and we remain on track to capture the level of synergies we have previously identified. Through the end of the third quarter, we have completed merger-related initiatives that will allow us to capture approximately $165 million in pretax benefits this year. That's nearly 80% of the merger-related savings we expect to achieve by year end. I'm pleased with our solid execution in this area. At FirstEnergy Solutions, we continue to expand our retail sales, particularly in the direct commercial and industrial channels and in governmental aggregation. We recently added new communities in both the AEP Ohio and Commonwealth Edison service territories, and FES continues to champion new governmental aggregation opportunities. More than 100 communities in Ohio, representing nearly 500,000 households and 15,000 small commercial businesses have governmental aggregation issues on November ballots, including the cities of Cincinnati, Canton, Findlay and Newark. Of course, the outcome of the AEP-ESP case will determine if communities in that service area will be able to take advantage of the program due to the provisions that would effectively limit competition in that service territory until 2014. That decision will impact more than 60 communities that have valid issues up for vote next week. Also on the regulatory front in Ohio, we were 1 of about 25 key stakeholders in the Duke-ESP case signing on to a comprehensive settlement agreement last week. In contrast to AEP settlement, the Duke plan provides generation via market-based competitive supply and provides unrestricted access to shopping for all of its Ohio customers. This is very similar to FirstEnergy Ohio utilities plans, and if the commission approves the settlement, over 50% of Ohio's retail electric customers will have unlimited access to the benefits of competitive markets. Moving now to other recent developments, starting with new environmental regulations. As we analyze the impact on our company of CSAPR, the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule that addresses SO2 and NOx, we continue to believe we are well positioned to address these environmental requirements as a result of the investments we've already made at our supercritical units. And even though our compliance plans are not yet finalized, our emission allowance positions for both SO2 and NOx are such that we are able to offer some of that inventory to the market through a competitive bid process expected to be conducted later this month. Respecting the pending maximum achievable control technology rules for mercury and hazardous air pollutants, we still expect investments of about $2 billion to $3 billion in our generation fleet to comply. Our investments are expected to primarily focus on reducing mercury, and particulate emissions at our supercritical units. Again, as I mentioned last quarter, this analysis is ongoing. We do not plan to make any final decisions or announcements about plant status until after we have thoroughly evaluated the MACT rules and are -- that are expected to be finalized in December and develop a comprehensive plan taking into consideration both the MACT and CSAPR requirements and the results of the allowance auction. Finally, as many of you have experienced firsthand, we've had some very difficult storm season here recently. Our eastern utilities were severely impacted by Hurricane Irene and this weekend's snowstorm. These were unusually challenging events, and our crews encountered some very tough conditions. Hurricane Irene caused major damage and led to power outages for about 1 million customers in our Jersey Central, Met-Ed, Penelec and Potomac Edison service areas. Now many of these same areas are recovering from the rare October snowstorm this past weekend. This storm dropped more than a foot of heavy wet snow in some areas of Northern New Jersey and Eastern Pennsylvania. The snowfall, coupled with strong winds and, in particular, leaves that are still on the trees was especially damaging. We experienced substantially more tribulated outages from broken limbs and falling trees, and in some ways, the damage to the system was even more devastating than the hurricane. Almost 800,000 customers were impacted by this event. Hurricane Irene's restoration costs, primarily for Jersey Central Power & Light and Met-Ed, totaled $78 million. While $53 million of this was related to O&M activities, $50 million of that expense has been deferred for future recovery under existing regulatory practices in New Jersey and Pennsylvania. Due to the extensive damage from the snowstorm, we anticipate that we will need to literally rebuild our system in some areas. While we don't have cost projections yet, we expect the majority of those expenditures to be capital in nature with most of the rest of the costs deferred for future recovery.  Now I'll turn it over to Mark for a review of the third quarter.
Mark T. Clark: Thanks, Tony, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I will discuss third quarter results, and then similar to last quarter, I will spend a few minutes updating you on our progress against some of the financial targets we outlined during our Analyst Meeting in May. As Tony mentioned, we delivered strong results during the quarter. Excluding special items, third quarter 2011 non-GAAP earnings were $1.34 per share compared to $1.28 per share in the third quarter of 2010. On a GAAP basis, this quarter's earnings were $1.22 per share compared to $0.59 per share in the same period last year. As I walk through our results, it may be helpful for you to refer to the consolidated report to the financial community we issued this morning. On Page 18 of the report, you'll note the list of special items that decreased this quarter's GAAP earnings by a total of $0.12 per share. By comparison, in the third quarter of 2010, special items decreased GAAP earnings by $0.69 per share. And as a reminder, the 2010 reduction was primarily related to the impairment of several of our smaller coal-fired plants. The largest in the third quarter 2011 special items was a $0.06 per share reduction related to purchase accounting for commodity contracts. Additionally, non-core asset sales and/or impairments reduced earnings by $0.02 per share. Finally, there were 4 items that each reduced GAAP earnings by $0.01. They are the impairment of nuclear decommissioning trusts securities, merger costs, mark-to-market adjustments and, finally, the resolution of litigation. Having outlined the special items, let me discuss our third quarter drivers. I'll start with 4 items that had a negative impact on results. The first of these is $0.06 per share in higher O&M expense, and I'll take a moment to describe the O&M drivers. The first was related to generation outages, including outage preparation costs at Davis-Besse and expenses associated with outages at our Fossil plants. The other significant O&M item in the quarter was higher incentive compensation expense. As a reminder, this expense may go up or down depending on how successful we are in achieving our financial and operating targets, including goals related to increasing shareholder value. The actual progress affects the timing of expense recognition during the year. And finally, as Tony mentioned, O&M costs related to Hurricane Irene had minimal impact on third quarter results. Moving now to the second negative driver of third quarter results, financing costs primarily due to lower capitalized interest related to the completion of the Sammis environmental project reduced earnings by $0.05 per share. Third is the $0.02 per share and higher depreciation expense, reflecting the placement of the Sammis air quality control projects in service at the end of 2010. The Sammis impact was partially offset by the reduced depreciation expense related to the impairments of the Lake plants and the retirement of Burger in 2010. And finally, general taxes decreased earnings by $0.01 per share. Turning now to positive drivers of our third quarter non-GAAP results. Let me start with the merger, which continues to be accretive to earnings. The $0.35 per share impact of shares issued in conjunction with the transaction was offset by the $0.32 per share contribution from Allegheny and $0.04 per share from the impacts of purchase accounting. As Tony mentioned, we continue to be pleased with the integration of Allegheny, and we believe that we are solvently on track to achieve the benefits we expected from this combination. Second, commodity margin was an overall positive driver this quarter, increasing in earnings by $0.19 per share. However, there were several pluses and minuses within commodity margin, and I will detail those now. You can find a detailed summary of this on Pages 2 and 3 of the consolidated report, including additional information on megawatt hour volumes. Generation output for the quarter was 4% below the third quarter of 2010, or 905,000 megawatt hours. This decrease resulted primarily from the extended outage to repair the generator at one of our Sammis units, which I would note was successfully brought back online in late July. Looking at the positive elements of commodity margin, there were several moving parts in the fuel area this quarter. The decrease in generation output contributed to lower fuel expense, offsetting the trend of higher overall fuel costs, and we particularly benefited from the restructuring of a long-term fossil fuel contract. In previous discussions, our ability to extract fuel savings due to the substantial size of our generation fleet was identified as a potential major benefit of the merger. Subsequent to our closing the transaction last February, we have spent considerable time at FES addressing our fuel contracts and procurement, and we are now starting to see the benefit of those efforts. As I mentioned earlier, we began a fairly comprehensive RFP process on the Fossil side. Recently, we negotiated several new agreements, completed negotiations related to price reopeners for 2 of our larger contracts and renegotiated a below-market, long-term fuel contract. For the quarter, we realized an $0.18 per share benefit. So we are very pleased with our solid progress to contain fuel expenses, and we remain on track to hold our fossil fuel expense to $28 per megawatt hour for the year. Commodity margin also benefited from higher capacity revenues for our generation fleet in connection with transitioning the ATSI zone from MISO to PJM, a reduction in purchase power prices and fewer bilateral purchases. And sales of renewable energy credits increased slightly despite higher costs imposed by renewable obligation requirements. Negative drivers of commodity margin included increased capacity expense as a result of FES serving more retail load, higher congestion, network and transmission line loss expense in PJM, lower contract generation sales as FES continues to successfully execute its strategy of reducing POLR sales as it increases to serve more retail customers and a 23% reduction in FES wholesale electricity sales. Looking at the FES sales position, our direct sales force continues contracting 2012 sales and currently stands at 85% of that target, while 2013 sales are at 47%. Now turning to distribution deliveries. Deliveries were up 2% overall with a 6.5% increase in industrial deliveries. A slight decrease in the still nagging commercial market offset a modest increase in residential sales. Third quarter cooling degree days were 2% lower than in 2010 but 30% above normal. Third quarter industrial sales growth was driven by a 9% increase in demand from steel manufacturers, which are benefiting from the demand related to the Marcellus Shale drilling, while the automotive segment is down 3% year-over-year. We've seen certain pockets in that sector continue to grow, such as the Lordstown, Ohio, GM plant, which manufactures the Chevy Cruze and is now running 3 shifts in overtime. But we also saw the closure of a Ford plant in Ohio at the end of 2010. While the increase in distribution deliveries had no material impact on earnings compared to the third quarter of 2010, the industrial growth is encouraging and certainly consistent with our earlier expectation that industrial sales will continue to increase in the second half of the year. Through the third quarter of 2011, industrial sales were up 4%, and what's even more encouraging is that industrial sales for the first 9 months of 2011 are only 1% lower than the same period of 2007, which was the peak industrial sales year. Moving now to an overview of our progress towards our financial targets. This spring, we described our plans to deliver solid financial results in 3 ways. Consistent earnings, positive cash flow and an improved balance sheet. Additionally, we outlined our strategies to grow our competitive business and achieve benefits from the merger. I am pleased to report, we continue making solid progress executing our strategy on all fronts. As we stated on our second quarter earnings call, we narrowed our guidance for 2011 non-GAAP earnings to $3.30 to $3.50. We remain confident in that guidance, and as Tony outlined, we are very pleased with our progress to capture merger synergies. We fully expect to be right on the annual merger target of $210 million by the end of the year. Looking at debt reduction. Through September, we have reduced long-term debt and short-term debt by about $1.7 billion. In addition, we expect to reduce debt by an additional $700 million in the fourth quarter, which includes the deconsolidation of debt associated with Signal Peak, bringing the full year total to approximately $2.4 billion. The restructuring in renewal and completion of our $5 billion revolving credit facilities provide us a significant level of liquidity, which stood at $5.7 billion as of the end of last week. With regard to the divestiture of non-core assets, we have completed the sales that we outlined in May, and we are extremely pleased with the outcome of these transactions. We reported the Fremont sale last quarter, and 2 weeks ago, we completed the divestitures of the Richland and Stryker units and our share of interest in the Signal Peak coal mine located in Montana.  The Signal Peak deal is complex, so I'll spend a few minutes on it. As we reported on October 18, a subsidiary in the Gunvor Group, one of the world's largest leading commodity traders, purchased a 1/3 interest in the coal mine for $400 million. This transaction has a number of significant benefits. On the financial side, we received $260 million of the proceeds. Further, the transaction will allow us to deconsolidate Signal Peak from our balance sheet, which will result in a $365 million debt reduction and a $50 million increase to equity. Finally, a $370 million after-tax gain on the transaction will be recognized in the fourth quarter 2011 GAAP earnings. In total, the combination of equity increases and debt reduction results in more than $1 billion in added strength to our capital structure and moves our balance sheet in a very positive direction. On the operating side, this transaction also maximizes the mine and rail investments, and we will be able to utilize the Gunvor Group's commodity trading relationships including its arrangements with Westshore Terminals in Vancouver to sell more high-quality, low sulfur bituminous coal to such markets as Japan, China, Korea and Chile. As part of the agreement, we have also revised our original coal purchase agreement from 7.5 million short tons annually to an obligation to accept up to 2 million each year of the mine's production. Overall, the production forecast of Signal Peak, including future service operations, is in the range of 10 million to 15 million short tons per year, which can be sold to Gunvor as well as to existing domestic and international customers. In total, the Signal Peak and Richland, Stryker divestitures added more than $340 million to our overall liquidity, and we will continue using that cash to reduce our net debt position. As you can tell from our financial results, our team remains focused on delivering on our financial commitments, executing our strategy and building a strong foundation for our overall future success. Thanks for listening, and now I'd like to open up to the call for your questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a quick one on the comments you made about the coal contract restructuring. Mark, I think you had said $28 a megawatt hour would be -- you're on track for that number? Does that include the $0.18 gain effectively in the annual fuel cost?
Mark T. Clark: Yes.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And so how should we think about that as we move forward into next year? Is there a kind of annualizing effect? Are you anticipating further restructurings?
Mark T. Clark: Yes. We have a number of fuel contracts in the process of being restructured and, of course, we're always open to restructuring coal contracts. So the short answer would be yes.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So we're going to be at this $28 number partly courtesy of the gains on the restructurings? Or is that really where the underlying costs are actually shaking out?
Mark T. Clark: I'm not certain I understand. Are you asking if our fossil fuel costs will stay at $28 per share?
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: You've given this guidance that it stays reasonably flat around that level.
Mark T. Clark: Yes, we said that they're going to stay reasonably flat. I think, I would say they're going to be consistent with what we said back in May.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But is that because of the gains on contract restructurings? Or is that because -- does that fade as a factor as you look forward?
William D. Byrd: Yes, Jonathan, this is Bill Byrd. At any point in time, there are different drivers to the fuel expense. The $28 will reflect selling allowances one quarter and a contract restructuring the next quarter. It's all part of the fuel expense that we report.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Hugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I guess I just had a similar question about the fuel contract. I work out that $0.18 a share on a pretax basis is about $100 million of savings, which works out to about 15% of your fuel expense in the quarter. How much of the $0.18 was a one-off benefit from the restructuring and how much will stay with us in future years?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, I think, Hugh, I guess -- this is Tony. I guess the best way to answer that is we've laid out the expectations for fuel over the next 3 years, and we said they're essentially going to be flat. So we'll be taking advantage of whatever opportunities we have to drive fuel savings, whether it's through restructuring contracts, reopeners or new contracts and -- or changing fuel mixes to maintain that basic cost per megawatt hour that we laid out earlier.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So this was a below-market contract. Is that right?
Anthony J. Alexander: Yes.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And what -- how did you restructure it to save money?
Mark T. Clark: Oh, we took advantage of the price and restructured over a longer term.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay, and then you were able to take to earnings this quarter the benefit of the restructuring over the term of the contract?
Mark T. Clark: Correct. Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Turning gears to Ohio real quick. Could you guys just share your thoughts on kind of how these government aggregation efforts are going to go if AEP's successful in getting their settlement implemented, as they proposed.
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, the community will vote next Tuesday. I would expect, if they follow the same pattern as many other communities in Ohio, they're likely to vote in support of government aggregation, because it produces lower prices for them as they gain more bargaining leverage in those transactions. AEP's settlement, as proposed, will likely limit the ability of those communities and those customers to take advantage of the competitive market and/or their aggregation votes that they've put in place. So they're either going to be very much delayed and very much unhappy that they're not going to have those savings as early as they otherwise would, because I don't believe the numbers and caps that the AEP plan has will accommodate very much more shopping.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So how do you guys go about trying to pursue those customers in the absence of a final resolution. Do you guys sign nonbinding contracts? Or is it something that -- an option that is going to kind of pass from your opportunity because you don't know what's going to happen with AEP?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, I think we try to work with the customers. Some of the communities were -- obviously are working today on whether or not if they get the legislation -- legislative authority to move forward. They are further along the path. Other communities are probably waiting until -- to determine whether or not the voters support it. And then you'll have to put that in the space of whether or not they will qualify under the AEP plan. Obviously, the plan, if the Cincinnati plan or the synergy plan is approved, Duke Ohio's plan is approved, then those communities will have access to the competitive markets as early as January 1.
Mark T. Clark: Dan, this is Mark. I would only add that in some cases our retail people are helping the communities, organizing around what it takes to aggregate, what it takes to get it on the ballot and building relationships in anticipation of hopefully the success of those ballots.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: If there is a delay in shopping in AEP's territories, is that going to affect your targets kind of over the next 1 or 2 years as far as what your customer mix is going to look like relative to what you guys laid out this spring?
Anthony J. Alexander: No, we have a lot of places to sell whether that's moving towards west into Illinois or further east into PJM, and as you know, that was one of the benefits of the Allegheny transaction itself.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, and I guess just one more question. I hate this to be an AEP conference call, but the idea that they can build generation in array base and kind of just subvert the competitive process is laid out by PJM in the settlement. How do you guys see that playing out? And is there a prospectively a legal challenge you can pursue if they are successful in getting that put into their settlement?
Anthony J. Alexander: Dan, there's a lot of avenues that you can pursue with that type of proposal. The -- obviously, the very first hurdle is they still have to meet the requirements in the state of Ohio, which says you have to have a need in order to be able to justify that type of process, and I suspect that need is going to be -- will be highly challenged and very difficult to prove when you don't have an obligation to serve.
Mark T. Clark: And I would add, Dan, participating in auctions outside your own service territory.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: The hairline cracks on the architectural element of the Davis-Besse stuff, I understand, that's clearly not an issue that pertains to the viability of the point of having it there, but what about the other cracks you found? Can you elaborate a little bit on that and explain why there will only be a modest delay in the restart?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, we haven't even talked about a delay at restart at all as far as I know. We think we'll be able to resolve the other indications that have come up and still are holding at this point to a restart date by the end of -- or towards the end of November.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So logistically, what is the sort of process for determining that you can continue on your current schedule and get restarted on schedule? Like, what has to happen for the NRC to sort of sign off on that?
Anthony J. Alexander: In the main, this is going to be evaluated by Davis-Besse experts as well as experts we've brought in from the outside, and we'll be looking at it as part of our CAPS (sic) [CAP] program to reach resolution in much the same way we've pretty much reached resolution with respect to the architectural elements at this point. The evaluations are continuing, and again, at this point, we see no reason to believe that this unit will not be back online by the end of November.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just to get an idea here with the restructuring of the coal contract and your sale of the coal mine interest. Are you guys thinking that perhaps coal prices might be declining and that this is a good time to monetize? Or is there any outlook that you guys have on that with respect to these activities? Or is it just sort of -- they just coincide with each other and...
Mark T. Clark: Well, I think we've been fairly consistent with regarding the Signal Peak, that it was non-core and it was never our intent to own it. I would say they were more coincidental than anything, and as you know, we generally don't discuss our view on forward coal prices as viewing that as competitive. But I would say, Paul, it was more of a coincidence that they occurred at the same time.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: And then the second thing is the POLR auction that came out recently in your service territory, any thoughts about what was happening there? And thanks a lot for the shopping statistics that you guys provided in your release, but any more information you can give us in terms of what you're seeing just trend wise? I mean, I saw what your -- what has happened with respect to the retail margin, but just in general, sort of going forward, what you guys are seeing in terms of that? How competition -- if you could just maybe elaborate a little bit on that, the competitive environment that you're dealing with both in the POLR and the retail sales.
William D. Byrd: Paul, this is Bill Byrd. As far as the POLR auction, it was clearly competitive. There were multiple bidders and multiple winners. As far as the pricing went, you've got to adjust for the different capacity components. This auction had a much lower capacity component than prior auctions, and there were slight changes in the product in how transmission expense was treated. But when you make that as adjustments, it appears to us that there's a consistency or firming of the energy component of the auction price, which is a positive sign as far as we're concerned.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So I wanted to follow-up on Greg's question a little bit there. Just in terms of added cost with regards to, call it remediation, if you will, or what have you, at Davis-Besse, how did that look? I mean, you've talked about the schedule, but what in terms of sort of motions do you need to move through, if you will, to get there?
Mark T. Clark: Our current analysis shows that the hairline cracks are acceptable as is and will not impact the structural integrity of the shield building, thus, no remediation would be necessary.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And secondly, you discussed CSAPR and don't intend to update too much. You're ahead of finalization of MACT, but I wanted to get your latest sense first, on your own dispatch; secondly, on accelerated plant retirements and perhaps just on moving forward those or conceptually sort of seeing -- have MACT move forward as proposed currently. And then finally, do you think it's adequately reflected in carryforwards particularly in your regions?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, I'm not going to speculate on what the plans are going to be in terms of how the evaluation will turn out after or whatever the MACT rules are when they come through. Now we're going to take a look at all the information we have, and we'll make the appropriate decision to -- for FirstEnergy at that point. I think it's kind of mixed. We've seen some indications, like Bill talked about earlier, of energy prices seeming to be firming up. I still think it's -- not everyone yet appreciates the impact these rules will have on the generating fleet, and until those become clearer, depending on the individual positions of the generating owners, I think it's hard to say whether or not they're fully reflected in the marketplace. Much of it is going to depend on how fast the economy improves and secondly, what specific actions are taken at specific units and where they are located potentially on the grid and how that might affect market prices going forward. It's pretty complex. My sense is it's not all being factored in at this point in time.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Appreciate it. Then finally, last follow-up, on the prior question, you suggested if Ohio perhaps isn't as available, if you will, given some of the limitations we've discussed, you said looking eastwards. Where would eastwards be, if you will, just to be a little bit more specific in terms of the states of opportunities?
Anthony J. Alexander: Met-Ed's service territory in part, but primarily more aggressively in the Penelec, West Penn Power, Duquesne service territory and into Northern Maryland, perhaps into Central Maryland.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Have you completed your assessment at Davis-Besse? Or are you still kind of looking around, maybe taking core samples or ultrasound probing?
Mark T. Clark: The inspections have wrapped up and we are now completing our evaluation to determine the final acceptability of the hairline cracks. We anticipate having the final acceptability for the 2 remaining localized regions complete by the end of the week.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And how should we think about this with regards to the relicensing process?
Mark T. Clark: I'm not going to speculate what the NRC may conclude with respect to relicensing the plant. Obviously, operating experience will factor into the NRC's decisions, but that's what our corrective action process is for and our root cause process is engaged with right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Aron [ph] with Millennium Partners.
Unknown Analyst - : It's David Frank [ph]. I had a question maybe for you or Mark on how much of the 10 million to 15 million tons of production at Signal Peak, is that the entire mine's output? Is that just what you guys -- attributable to your JV? Or does that include all Gunvor, everything?
Mark T. Clark: That's the total output both the underground and the surface mining. That's everything.
Unknown Analyst - : And at what point do you -- or is that sort of its maximum output? Would you expect volumes to increase? Is there a target for output from the mine?
Anthony J. Alexander: Right now, David, those are kind of the current targets we have, assuming what we believe we can do with the underground operations as structured today, as well as what we believe we can do with the surface opportunities that are in and around that facility. Whether or not it has any greater potential long term, I mean, it's a wonderful piece of property with lots of reserves, and it's just a question of how you deploy and when you go about trying to capture them at any point in time. So right now, this is -- you kind of set your game plan, get the long-term underground facilities in place, allow the markets to develop as well as our ability to ship that coal primarily into Asian markets or elsewhere and then take advantage of that by expanding our operations at that facility to capture those margins available in those markets.
Unknown Analyst - : Right. Okay, so you brought me to my next question, which is, I guess, is all 10 to 15 essentially going to Asian markets? You're able to get that out through Vancouver or...
Anthony J. Alexander: No, no, no, we're not even at that production level yet. So there's no surface operation yet at Signal Peak, and the mine is -- while the mine is approaching operating at close to that level in terms of close to a 10-million-ton a year level of production, we're not quite there yet. And we're still in a very -- I wouldn't call it the very early stages, but the mine is still going through its development phase. It's not even yet to its longest panels or best panels in terms of the coal seam that we will be accessing the next time we make a longwall move.
Mark T. Clark: David, this is Mark. I would just -- well beyond the financial positives of the transaction, I mean, having Gunvor as a partner along with the operating team at the mine gives us an awful lot of optionality in terms of what we can and can't do as the mine continues to develop.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Raymond Leung with Goldman Sachs.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A lot of my operational questions were asked, particularly on Davis-Besse, but a couple of finance stuff. Can you talk a little bit about -- I think you've mentioned some debt reduction of $700 million. We have like $360 million tied with the deconsolidation, so does that mean you're going to pay down the whole co debt with cash? And can you talk about the Allegheny Energy Supply maturity and what you guys are thinking about doing there in March? And the last thing is can you talk about any update on potentially combining Allegheny Energy Supply and FE Solutions? And any updated thought process there would be appreciated.
Mark T. Clark: Yes, the $360 million deconsolidation, then there's a $250 million whole co debt, which Jim plans on paying down in cash. The AE supply transaction will also be done in cash. And I think your last question had to do with merging the 2 entities together. That's something that's for tax purposes. We're not going to talk about until we get through that period of time.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And how long is that period for tax purposes? Is that one year?
Anthony J. Alexander: Harvey.
Harvey L. Wagner: We'll be able to talk about that in 2012.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Jenkins with State of Winsconsin Investment Board.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: First, just one quick one on the Davis-Besse cracking situation. To return that plant to service at the end of November, do you need to get a go-ahead from the NRC or at this point, is that entirely your decision based on the current circumstances?
Peter Sena: Dan, this is Pete Sena. The NRC, as you know, continues to monitor our activities, and they have access to the same facts that we do. No approval from the regulator is required, but of course, we do expect them to review our conclusions.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay, and then I just had a couple of questions on the detailed information you laid out on Page 3 of the release, just how we should kind of think about that going forward. In particular, in Subpart C, you mentioned that June and the increase, the $0.12 there, was in part due to the new capacity revenues beginning June 11. Should that -- will that continue through June of '12 or how should we think about that?
Mark T. Clark: I would say yes, but it could go up and down depending on the mix, customer mix, but generally, I would, in short, I would say yes.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: And then similarly, on the fuel expenses. You mentioned that the fuel contract restructuring in the third quarter increased by $0.18 per share, so would that benefit continue through to the next 3 quarters?
Anthony J. Alexander: Again, Dan, with respect to that, when we talk about fuel, we talk about -- our target is about -- I think it's $28 a megawatt hour. That's our target for the next 3 years in terms of what our fuel costs are going to be. So this item that occurs this time will be substituted with something else. As you go in time, the whole fuel cost's relatively flat.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay, and then I was curious on the O&M part, you mentioned that, that was divided between outage expenses and I think incentive comp, but since the incentive comp can be kind of lumpy, can you break out what -- how much was for the outages and how much was for the incentive comp?
Harvey L. Wagner: Dan, this is Harvey Wagner. I'm going by memory here, but I think the incentive comp was about $0.02 a share. It was about 1/3 third of that. And as you know, that's all based on where we are with regard to our financial and operational targets. As we progress through the year, it can go up or down.
Mark T. Clark: I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. Before we conclude, I'm sure you saw our announcement this morning that Ron Seeholzer has been named Vice President of Financial Planning for FirstEnergy Solutions, and Irene Prezelj has been promoted to Vice President of Investor Relations effective today. I'm confident that Ron's experience, which encompasses public accounting, internal auditing, budgeting and financial forecasting, in addition to his IR responsibilities, will help enhance our financial planning, forecasting and analysis at FES. And I'm sure you recognize that Irene has been a very trusted liaison for the investment community since she joined the IR team in 2008. She has a tremendous depth of knowledge about the company and her promotion ensures a smooth leadership transition in this very important area. As always, we appreciate your continued support and interest in FirstEnergy, and Tony, Ron, Irene and I, along with other members of our team, look forward to seeing many of you at the EI conference next week. Thank you very much for being with us today.
Anthony J. Alexander: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-02 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Harvey Wagner - Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President, Controller, Vice President of FirstEnergy Service, Vice President of FirstEnergy Solutions Corp., Controller of FirstEnergy Service and Controller of FirstEnergy Solutions Corp Irene Prezelj - Manager, IR Anthony Alexander - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director William Byrd - Chief Risk Officer and Vice President of Corporate Risk Mark Clark - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG Marc de Croisset - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Irene Prezelj, Executive Director, Investor Relations of FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you, Ms. Prezelj, you may begin.
Irene Prezelj: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon. During this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp. are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated report to the financial community, which was released earlier today, and is also available on our website under the earnings release link. Reconciliations to GAAP for the non-GAAP earnings measures we will be referring to today are also contained in that report, as well as on the Investor Information section on our website at www.firstenergycorp.com/ir. Participating in today's call, are Tony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Clark, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Harvey Wagner, Vice President and Controller; Jim Pearson, Vice President and Treasurer; Bill Byrd, Vice President of Corporate Risk; and Ron Seeholzer, Vice President of Investor Relations. I'll now turn the call over to Tony.
Anthony Alexander: Thanks, Irene, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. In the 3 months since we've met with you in New York, we've made significant progress, integrating Allegheny, and implementing the strategies we outlined. Our second quarter results are in line with our expectations, and we are on track to meet our objectives and capture the benefits we outlined for you at that meeting. At this point, I'm very pleased with our performance. And given our confidence in our business strategy and our ability to achieve our merger targets, we have narrowed our 2011 non-GAAP earnings guidance to $3.30 to $3.50 per share. Mark will talk more about the revised guidance, including expectations for the third and fourth quarters when he discuss his financial results a little later. He will also provide updates on the major areas we outlined in May, including debt reduction, asset sales and our liquidity position. For my part, I'll provide a detail around our progress with the merger savings and review some other recent developments for you.  Let's start with the merger. Through the end of the second quarter, we have completed merger-related initiatives that will allow us to capture approximately $132 million in pretax benefits on an annual basis. That's over 60% of the merger-related savings we expect to achieve by year end. Keep in mind that the $132 million benefit is an annualized figure, so only a portion is reflected in the second quarter results. But this is consistent with the timing and realization we expected. The completed actions include once-and-done items like restructuring our combined credit facilities, reorganizing the executive team, and canceling many overlapping or duplicative contractual arrangements such as insurance policies, and Alleghany's outsourced information technology services contract.  Most of the remaining actions are associated with enhancements and how we operate as a combined company, things like increasing retail sales, improving supercritical fossil fleet performance, implementing various supply chain initiatives and optimizing fuel transportation. These are captured generally over time and build as we improve the efficiency of our operations. At this point, the merger and integration are going very well. I'm pleased with our progress. In fact, we are a little ahead of schedule, and I remain confident that we will achieve the synergies we've outlined at this spring.  Respecting FES, our solutions company, as you know one of the most significant benefits of the merger is the addition of the supercritical generation that can be deployed by FirstEnergy Solutions within our competitive business model. During the second quarter, FES continued to have tremendous success in growing its customer base, and now has 1.65 million customers, a 65% increase over the second quarter of 2010. FES also has made significant gains in direct governmental aggregation and mass-market sales during the second quarter. Government aggregation sales have increased 41% compared to the second quarter of 2010, and our initial mass-market efforts in Ohio and Western Pennsylvania have exceeded our expectations.  In July, we signed our first mass-market customers in Illinois, complementing our governmental aggregation efforts in that state. We are planning to expand our mass-market efforts into Maryland later this year. We are starting to see both wholesale forwards and retail prices increase to reflect the anticipated environmental changes.  Turning now to some recent developments, starting with those environmental regulations, on the Fossil side of our business, we are continuing to review the EPA's new Cross State Air Pollution Rule or CSAPR, which will require significant reductions in nitrogen oxides and sulfur dioxide emissions from plants throughout most of the eastern half of the United States. The new rules are more aggressive than the CARE rules they replaced, and they are likely to have an impact on the amount of generation that will be available beginning in 2012. In general, we believe we are in pretty good shape relative to other coal generators, thanks to the work that has been completed across our fleet.  Looking at our competitive base load generating capacity, most of the air pollution control equipment is already in place to meet the EPA's new NOx and SO2 emission reduction requirements. Of the 14 supercritical coal units in our competitive fleet, Eastlake 5 is the only one that is not scrubbed for SO2, and there are only 4 units without SCRs. On a percentage basis, including our nuclear units, 95% of our competitive fleet is either non-emitting or well controlled for NOx and SO2. I would like to emphasize that our analysis of the EPA's rules is ongoing, and we do not plan to make any final decisions or announcements about plant status until after we have thoroughly evaluated CSAPR and the final maximum achievable control technology or MACT rules for mercury and hazardous air pollutants that are expected to be finalized in November. One final point in this area, we have about $40 million in existing CARE allowances in our inventory that we will continue to use through the balance of 2011. So the impact of any potential impairment to these allowances that are unused from that old EPA program would be relatively insignificant. On the Transmission side of our business, during the second quarter, we celebrated 2 milestones. First, in mid-May, our 150-mile trail line was energized. Taking this 500-kb line from concept to operation in 5 years was a tremendous accomplishment by the team. And as PJM noted during the recent heat wave, the completion of the trail line means 1,000 megawatts of power was added to population centers along I-95 quarter this summer. On June 1, we completed the integration of ATSI's operations into PJM. So at this point, all of our transmission assets are now part of a single RTO. Finally, we continue to actively voice our support of competitive markets, especially in Ohio, where there is much debate on this topic. We firmly believe that competition is the best way to offer lower generation prices to customers, increased productivity and efficiencies from existing generating facilities, provide the appropriate market signals regarding the need for new generation, and promote jobs and economic growth. 1.6 million customers throughout Ohio are already taking advantage of competitive markets by choosing their supplier of electric generation. We will continue to aggressively support customer's rights to participate in competitive electricity markets and their ability to take advantage of the benefits that only competitive markets can deliver. Now I'll turn this over to Mark for our second quarter review.
Mark Clark: Thanks, Tony, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I would like to guide you through our second quarter, and then I'll spend a few minutes updating you on our progress against many of the financial targets we outlined during our analyst meeting in May. As Tony said, our second quarter 2011 results are consistent with our expectations. Excluding special items, non-GAAP earnings were $0.65 per share compared to $0.82 in the second quarter of 2010. On a GAAP basis, this quarter's earnings were $0.43 per share compared to $0.87 per share last year. As Tony also mentioned, we have narrowed our non-GAAP earnings guidance to $3.30 to $3.50 per share, which reflects our confidence in the full year. As you refine your models for the remainder of the year, our earnings guidance implies estimated earnings for the second half of 2011 of $1.94 to $2.14 per share. As this is the first year with Allegheny and to provide greater clarity, I'll add that we anticipate achieving about 60% of those earnings in the third quarter and 40% in the fourth. As I walk through our second quarter results, it may be helpful for you to refer to the consolidated report to the financial community we issued this morning. As detailed on Page 18 of the consolidated report, there were several special items that decreased this quarter's GAAP earnings by a total of $0.22 per share. By comparison in the second quarter of 2010, special items increased GAAP earnings by $0.05 per share. There were 3 merger-related items that decreased GAAP earnings by a total of $0.12 per share. These included merger accounting, integration costs and regulatory charges. The resolution of litigation related, primarily to remediation cost for legacy manufactured gas plants in New York, reduced GAAP earnings by $0.05 per share. Mark-to-market adjustments of certain wholesale power contracts decreased earnings by $0.03 per share, and 2 items reduced GAAP earnings by $0.01 each, impairments of nuclear decommissioning trusts securities and non-core assets in the process of being sold. Moving now to the key drivers of our second quarter non-GAAP results, I will start with the merger. Results from the Allegheny companies contributed $0.20 to second quarter earnings. Earnings also increased by $0.04 per share as a result of fair value adjustments under purchase accounting that impact interest expense, pension and OPEB cost, depreciation expense, regulatory asset amortization and purchased power cost. And while the shares issued in conjunction with the transaction decreased earnings by $0.22 per share, the merger continues to be accretive to our quarterly earnings. As Tony said, we are pleased with our progress to integrate Allegheny, and we expect to achieve the benefits we described when we met with you in May. Turning now to other second quarter drivers. Higher O&M expense decreased earnings by a total of $0.07 per share. This was driven by 2 planned nuclear outages and several planned and unplanned fossil outages, partially offset by lower overall expenses on the utility side. Commodity margin decreased earnings by $0.04 per share, principally as a result of the unplanned forced outages. A more detailed summary of this item appears on Pages 2 and 3 of the consolidated report, including additional information on megawatt hour volumes and prices.  At our FirstEnergy Solutions subsidiary, contract generation sales increased 4% compared to the second quarter of 2010. As Tony mentioned, FES made significant gains in direct governmental aggregation and mass markets. And as you would expect, growth in these channels is matched by a corresponding decrease in POLR sales. With respect to our hedge position, our 2011 book is essentially full. Well, 2012 contracted sales and revenues are nearly 75%, and we are approaching 40% for 2013. All of these are very consistent with the glide path we outlined in May. Generation output for the quarter was 10% below the second quarter of 2010 or 1.8 million-megawatt hours. As I stated earlier, this decrease resulted from both planned and unplanned outages, including an extended outage to repair the generator at one of our Sammis units, which is now back online. As a result of lower generation output and higher contracted sales, wholesale sales decreased 713,000 megawatt hours or 64% compared to the second quarter of 2010. Lower generation output also resulted in an increase in purchased power costs, offset by a reduction in fossil fuel expense during the quarter. Going forward, we expect to temper any fuel increase -- fuel expense increases as we continue to capture merger synergies and other opportunities to restructure our existing coal contracts. Benefiting from the move to PGM on June 1, we saw increased capacity revenues. And finally, we incurred higher capacity, congestion network and line loss expenses associated with our increased retail sales, principally in Pennsylvania. Continuing with other second quarter drivers, financing costs, including lower capitalized interest and higher interest expense, reduced earnings by $0.04 per share. General taxes decreased earnings by $0.02 per share compared to the second quarter of 2010 that reflected favorable tax settlements, and higher depreciation expense reduced earnings by $0.01 per share. This was essentially the net impact of the in-service of the Sammis AQC project and the write down of the Lake and Burger plants.  Finally, distribution deliveries were down 1% overall, with slight decreases across all categories. I would characterize industrial sales as spotty, while commercial sales continued to lag. Although perhaps difficult to remember after the recent heat wave, or should I say the current heat wave, we've had relatively mild conditions across our serviced territories during the months of April and May, which largely neutralized the impact of June summer weather. For the first 6 months of 2011, the impact of weather on kilowatt-hour sales was basically flat compared to 2010. Looking forward, while we still have 2 months remaining in the third quarter, the expectations is our distribution revenues in July should benefit from the extreme heat that we're now experiencing. And for the second half of the year, we currently expect industrial sales to increase at a rate of about 3%. At our May analyst meeting, we provided an approximate breakdown of how we expected each of our 3 business segments to contribute to earnings. And through the first half of 2011, results are very much in line with our expectations, and that makes for a good transition to discuss our progress against other financial targets we identified at the analyst meeting. We shared with you our plans to deliver strong financial results with consistent earnings, positive cash flow and a strong balance sheet. We outlined our strategies to grow our competitive business and achieved benefits from the merger. And as Tony said, in May, our team has a track record of doing what we say, and we're going to do just that. Earlier today, Tony described how in the 5 short months since the completion of the merger, we have already captured $132 million in synergies, and we expect to achieve more than $210 million in merger benefits by the end of the year. We are also on target with respect to our debt reduction goals. Year-to-date, we have reduced net debt by more than $100 million, and we expect additional redemptions and maturities to bring our 2011 net debt reduction total to approximately $825 million. We're using the proceeds of the December tax legislation, combined with asset sales and free cash flow to continue to reduce our balance sheet leverage. We completed the sale of the Fremont generating station last week, which will increase our overall liquidity by approximately $510 million. I would note that the $825 million of debt reduction total does not include proceeds from the plant sale of Signal Peak. That sale process continues on track. And if completed, the proceeds will provide additional cash for further debt reduction and increased overall liquidity. And our liquidity position is strong, with $4.6 billion available at the end of the quarter. As you may know, in June, we successfully renewed and restructured $4.5 billion of revolving credit facilities, consisting of a $2 billion 5-year credit facility for FirstEnergy and its regulated entities, and a $2.5 billion credit facility for FES and AEP supply. We were very pleased with the overall response and commitments of our banks, and want to express our thanks to them. Only 3 months have passed since we outlined our overall financial strategy. Despite that short timeframe, we have made considerable progress towards our goal of strengthening our balance sheet, divesting non-core assets, generating positive cash flow, maintaining a strong dividend and capturing merger synergies. Given how far we have come in a short period of time, we are confident in our narrowed non-GAAP earnings guidance of $3.30 to $3.50 per share. I can assure you that our team remains focused on meeting its commitments and continuing our success.  Thanks for listening. And now, I'd like to open up the call to your questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Tony, I was just wondering if you'll give a little more thought on kind of the dynamics in Ohio, provisionally in AEP settlement, maybe this week and Duke's plant out there they're going a different direction. What are the routes you guys see available to try and keep Ohio on the path to a competitive market environment rather than going back to regulation for those guys?
Anthony Alexander: Well, I think if there's a -- if you think about the AEP case, and probably synergy is going to be about the same, or Duke's about the same, there's multiple parties, not just FirstEnergy, engaged in trying to assure the competitive markets are the way to stay in Ohio and move both Duke and AEP more towards that model. We're not the only voice in this debate, although obviously, we're one of the larger ones. But obviously, there are customers involved. There are other marketers involved. And quite frankly, I think it's a hard sell overall to the basic process in Ohio is one in which whatever path you choose, it must be lower or less value than using a competitive market. And if in fact, they want to sell at lower-than-competitive prices, so be it. I don't think that's where their heads are at. I don't think that's where they're going. And from what I understand, their filings wouldn't support that. So I think the debate's still very lively and very much at the beginning here in the state.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Given the volume of customers that have shopped in Ohio, are you finding Duke and AEP's service territory folks are willing to kind of permanently step out of their service to avoid non-by passable charges, and I assume you guys talked earlier before. Do you do see any success capturing kind of that permanent customers shift right now?
Anthony Alexander: Well I think we are, Dan. I think we're having some pretty strong success despite rules within each of those areas that are not conducive to shopping. So we are moving customers. I think if in fact, they knew that they could avoid the non-by passable charges by shifting before they're established, I think you'd see much more shopping, much more activity in those areas.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay. And I guess just one more question on kind of the shopping trends you're seeing. In Ohio, looks like you've kind of lost momentum on a lot of shifting on the side of your utility base. Do you think Pennsylvania can get to that same level of shop, 70%, 80%, 85% shopping overtime, and kind of what timeframe do you think that would occur under?
Anthony Alexander: Well, go ahead, Mark, and then I'll answer some of -- I know you want to say something.
Mark Clark: Dan, this is Mark. We've always talked about we only have so many megawatt hours to sell. And to the extent, we reduced some of our sales in Ohio and moved it someplace else. All it does, it means is that we're moving that megawatt hour, kilowatt hour to where we can generate a greater margin. In Ohio, shopping at around 75%, and I would expect it to stay pretty close to that. Pennsylvania, I believe, is up to 50%. And it's going -- our expectation is it would grow because it really somewhat opened up in net add NLEC [ph] at the end of December. So it's not so much we're dropping here or adding there. It's where we can get the most margin for that megawatt hour. Tony, you want to say something?
Anthony Alexander: Yes. And I think what you'll see over time in Pennsylvania is shopping will approach the level that you're seeing in Ohio. I just think it will take a little longer because you don't have the ability in Pennsylvania to use tools like government aggregation, which allow you to make groups of residential customers look more like larger commercial and industrial customers, which means it takes a little longer to move customer by customer into those markets. But the fact of the matter is as customers get information, as it becomes clearer and clearer to them that there is an advantage to competitive markets, and they want to take advantage of it. There will certainly be suppliers out there like FirstEnergy. And FirstEnergy Solutions will hopefully be the preferred supplier of all these customers, and they'll seek contracts with us over a longer term.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: And I didn't see an updated hedging slide, but are you guys on course to get this shift in customer mix that you expected from the analyst day?
Mark Clark: Yes, very much so, Dan.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: A couple of questions. I think I heard you right that you're not planning to sort of give us some kind of holistic view of what the environmental rules mean for the -- your fleet until you get a final MACT rule. But based on what you've seen with the CSAPR rule and the reactions you've seen in the forward curves around the region, do you feel the market's generally reflecting that effectively or something different?
Anthony Alexander: I think the market is beginning to appreciate the impact these rules may have on available generation. And I think it's just starting because there's just pieces of information coming out. I think the PJM auction kind of set a tone for that. The new CSAPR rule, which have accelerated requirements with respect to SO2 and NOx, and have limited trading capability within those -- within that potential compliance regime, I think it's -- I think we're at the beginning of trying to understand how this, in fact, impact prices going forward. And I don't think there's any question that it will.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then just following up on that, I think, you've mentioned you have 4 of the supercritical units that are not controlled for NOx. If you were to decide you needed to do that for next year, how quickly could it be done?
Anthony Alexander: Well, it can't be done in a year, I can tell you that. Now that's part of what we're looking at right now. I don't think it have to be done by next year, because they do have some controls on them. And we might be able to use of interim controls like SNCRs and better burners at some of the Allegheny plants. So I'm not quite ready to give you or to outline exactly all of the options we have near term and long term.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. Can I ask a specific one on, firstly, to what extent do you have customers under contract in Duke's territory that whether contracts run beyond the current ESP. And if there are such customers, what's your sense of how they would get treated if the ESP was to go forward? Is there a risk they'd effectively be paying you for capacity and also having to pay Duke's capacity charge and how would the contracts deal with that?
William Byrd: This is Bill Byrd. We do have some contracts, which go beyond the current provider of Duke's ESP, not huge numbers of customers, but we do have some that’s specific to how the capacity would work from the customer perspective. We just have to work it out. It isn't provided for in our contracts, and we have to see how it would be dealt with in the regulatory side, and then works out with our customers.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: Your contract is silent on that topic, basically.
Anthony Alexander: Yes. Basically, Jonathan, anything you do inside of a market that makes things non-by passable in a competitive market makes it very -- it raises all kinds of issues and questions with respect to timing and with respect to who and how long they're willing to pay for things.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And if you allow me just on one another topic, we've seen some stories about some operational issues at Signal Peak, and it sounds like you might be pushed backs of the timing expectations on the sale a little bit, but maybe I didn't hear that right. What are your thoughts around timing of potential sale there?
Mark Clark: Jonathan, this is Mark. We haven't changed our timing. I think we slowed it up until we moved the longwall into the second panel. That was done early July. There were some operational issues there, which required some additional supports. Mine Health Safety Administration has signed off on our plant on the process of doing that. They've signed off our ability to resume production. But we're still on schedule. We've narrowed it down 8 meters, as we said before. We didn't really want to get anyone into the mine until those panels were removed. So management's sole focus was getting that done. We're back into the sales process again. And in my mind, we're right on where we expect -- anticipated being in terms of schedule.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: That's a 2012 event rather than '11 from a cash standpoint from the sound of it?
Mark Clark: It could be 2011, but it would be probably later in the year. There are number of different options to pursue with respect to the sale. And the asset has a lot of value, and we'll take our time working through which option seems to be the best for us and our partner.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steve Fleishman, Bank of America.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: A couple of questions. First, I'll ask a few that I'm not sure any of which you'll answer. But on the -- when you gave the merger outlook, you really gave 3 year's worth of guidance, and I know you don't want to be in a position to always be updating that. But so far, in the merger and all the different factors you baked in as well as the updates in the markets, would you say you're still on track for the 3 years?
Mark Clark: I'll speak to the merger piece that we're certainly on track for the merger piece. We feel very comfortable with that. We talked about the fact there were 289 initiatives. They've all been assigned. Our folks are working them. So I feel very comfortable with that. Tony alluded to the prices seem to be moving up a little bit, so you can factor that in. We've talked about the fact that we're hedged about 75% in 2012, about 40% in '13. So I think we're very comfortable with where we are.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. Secondly on RPM, I'm wondering if you'd give any color on what ended up happening with your subcritical plants bidding into the auction?
William Byrd: It's Bill Byrd, Steve. I think it be safe for you all to assume that we didn't sell forward the plants most at risk to the environmental rules.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: So would that be like all your subcritical or some portion of them?
William Byrd: We've said there's 1,500, 2,500 megawatts of subcritical units that are most at risk from the environmental perspective, so in that range.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then lastly, just I don't know if Donny's there, but just maybe some color on -- you've clearly done very well adding customers, retail customers during this time, what are you seeing on the competitive dynamic on retail? Is it getting a lot more? I mean, you're one of the big competitors making it more competitive, but are you seeing a lot of others? And what are you seeing on margins and the like?
Mark Clark: Well I think in Ohio, I think, we would say that customers, as we've outlined before, still remain somewhat sticky. That market's been there a little bit longer. PA is just kind of starting up since the beginning of the year, so time will tell about that. But we're comfortable with the margins that we've said. We've only got so many megawatt hours to sell, and we're going to move them around to where we can get the most. And you got to remember, that our generation was built for a particular load shape, and all we're trying to do is replicate that shape at the highest possible margins. So we're very comfortable with where we are, and we're extraordinarily pleased with the efforts of Donny's group and how fast they've been able to do it. And not only on the front-end margin, but we're doing a lot of work, Steve on the back end and trying to make sure that we have the most efficient back room possible. So we don't get it on one end, and then give it away at the other. So we've been spending a lot of time on that and making a lot of progress there as well. So we're very pleased with the overall success, both in the capture of the customer and the margin and the efficiency that are being created in the back office.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Marc de Croisset with FBR Capital.
Marc de Croisset - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: I know you're still digesting this cross state air pollution rule. And when I looked at it, I found it to be really tough on Ohio and Pennsylvania. And the thought occurred to me, you had about $2 billion of CapEx in the outer years that I think was earmarked for environmental compliance, and I'm wondering if your initial assessment of this rule changes the timing of that CapEx.
Mark Clark: Marc, this is Mark. We gave our guidance back in May. We said that our capital would be around $2 billion a year. It might change a little bit as we move. For example, this year we reduced some substation expense and moved it into other areas, but still staying within the $2 billion. That $2 billion was not used to address the environmental issues. So as Tony alluded to, we're doing our homework now, and we don't have a number, and we won't until we get to see all the different options, which we hope to have get through this summer. But I just want to be clear that, that $2 billion was what I would call the ongoing business itself. I should say, we did add $100 million in '12 and '13 for any potential engineering that needed to be done for the nuclear or the fossil units.
Marc de Croisset - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay. I think there was a $2 billion number outside of that 3-year projection period that was just a number, a very rough number for potential compliance with all EPA regulations you saw coming down this pike.
Anthony Alexander: Yes. That's correct, Marc. In that number, there would have been, for example, there would have been investment at Eastlake 5. Beyond bank houses, which are probably the primary means for complying with the MACT rule.
Marc de Croisset - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And you don't see maybe a tick up in operating expenses for -- perhaps, you may be short, allowances in Ohio, Pennsylvania. I'm just speculating. But you don't see any of that impact yet from the cross state air pollution rule?
Anthony Alexander: Well, again, not all this is all clear yet in terms of how the allowances and how this is going to get allocated. For example, the base year is 2005. Most of our equipment in Ohio was not scrubbed in 2005. It is scrubbed today, so the Sammis Plant construction project as an example. So how those allowances are going to get used across the state, they don't have to cross state lines to be able to use them in other plants in time how we will in fact meet the requirements for 2012, '13 and '14.
Marc de Croisset - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And if I may, just very quickly, you called industrial activity a bit spotty. What's happening with respect to industrial activity in your markets?
Mark Clark: Well, I think that you have to remember that the first half of last year was extraordinarily strong with double-digit growth. We obviously wouldn't expect double-digit growth as nice as that might be. But we're seeing, where you got pockets of the market that are very, very strong. For example, steel and the piping for wells. You've got the Chevy crews on a third shift over at Youngstown. You've got the 2 auto engine plants for Ford. You've got some strong segments, and you've got some other segments that aren't doing so well, but it's all being compared against that very strong first half of last year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I wanted to ask you about the ESP staff proposal that they're I guess passing around to parties and what have you. Could you just give us a feeling as to where your general direction is at least, what they're actually proposing?
Anthony Alexander: No. To be honest with you, I haven't seen it, Paul. So I don't even know if anything is being passed around. I know that's what people are talking about, but I haven't seen anything like that.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And on the guidance, the bottom of the range going up, what was that? Was that -- I'm sorry if I missed it. Was that because of weather or the merger outlook or a combination of things?
Mark Clark: It is a combination of things. I mean July was -- I read this morning in the paper was the hottest July we've add in 140 years. I think we're getting better. The merger started February 28. We've got everybody in place now. Folks know what's expected of them. We got a better handle on where the costs are, where the opportunities are. If you recall, we took some of the Allegheny plants offline intentionally to get some of their production up, so I would say it's pretty much across the board. And that's why we're very comfortable with raising the bottom end.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then with respect to the dispatch of the Allegheny plants, is everything looking there like you guys had expected that you'll be able to increase the supercritical, is that still on track?
Anthony Alexander: Yes.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then just finally, on the direct sales, it looks like there was a little bit of a decrease in the margin. Is that because of the type of customer you're signing or is that because of -- is that -- what's going on there, I guess? Is there any significant changes? It was only a couple of cents, but I was just wondering if there was -- it seem that the rates had -- I guess, the margin decreased a little bit or something there.
William Byrd: I think you're reading the numbers too finely. It's just noise.
Anthony Alexander: I would say the impact associated with some of the forced outages that we had as compared to last year, which I think had a fairly major effect on what they can do, what they could sell, having to buy some purchased power. I think it's again another reason why we're fairly comfortable with the second half of the year. Sammis is back online.
Operator: Our next question is from the Hugh Wynne of Sanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: I just had a question regarding the fossil – output of the fossil fuel fleet at the FirstEnergy fleet you had the decrease in fossil fuel generation of about 2.1 million-megawatt hours, which is very substantial, about 18%, particularly per fleet as well as yours. So my question was how did that flow through earnings-wise to items like Purchase Power, wholesale sales, Transmission expense, and what portion of that earnings impact should we think of as kind of exceptional? Were there exceptional items that drove this decline in generation?
Mark Clark: Well, that's a great question. I think it hit across the board. You had Sammis, 6 off for 91 days. You had Mansfield, 3 off for 32 days. You had Eastlake, 5 off for 7 days. It's 161 days. You compare that to, without getting in detail, some of the fossil units plant enforced last year of 107. So we lost a significant amount of the fleet in the first half, but the biggest chunk of that was Sammis, which will come back. Because you don't have Sammis, you go up your cost curve in terms of generation. So our fuel cost would go up. It's associated with that. The opportunity cost, we can't capture because those units are now being used and need our contractual sales. So it's across the board that Purchase Power goes up, fuel cost go up and the margin goes down. But as we've said, the biggest chunk of that was the Sammis, 6 unit of 91 days, and that is back online and expect to be back online for the balance of the year.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: No EPS impact that you could offer?
Mark Clark: It did have an impact, but it would kind of -- I have to speculate as to what the opportunity sales could have been. I'd speculate as to would that plant run or not run, so I would -- I think I'll just leave it that it had an impact. It would have been nice to have the units on particularly with the weather. We didn't get it and even despite the fact that those units aren't on, we're increasing the lower end of our guidance, given the confidence we have in the second half of the year. So despite all of that, we're still confident in what we told you back in May.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: I missed your commentary around you have some CARE allowances. Are you basically saying those are stranded at this point?
Harvey Wagner: Paul, this is Harvey Wagner. We still will be using those throughout the remainder of the year. We're expecting that any kind of impairment that could result from that really wouldn't be anywhere near the numbers that you're seeing from others in the industry.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Okay. And just switching gears, one of the things about the Allegheny merger that you target was the ability to blend fuel. Can you just kind of give an update on where you are there, and what you have to do forward?
William Byrd: We're proceeding with plan. It just takes time to get the contracts in place with the transportation arrangements and the coal yard facilities set up, but we're proceeding with plan.
Mark Clark: The only other thing I would is that it takes a while for people to understand how we manage our units, how we'd like those units to be managed, and that's all a part of the learning curve, and that unfortunately takes some time, and we're being careful as we go through it.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: I think these question has been asked a couple of times, but you took up the bottom end of guidance. Can we assume that what's good for '11 is good for '12, '13 and forward?
Mark Clark: We took out the bottom end of guidance in '11 and didn't speak to '12 or '13.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: But It wasn't onetime, the '11 things, that really drove that?
Mark Clark: I can just speak to the fact we increased the bottom end of the guidance for '11 because that was the focus of what we reviewed, and we're going through '12 and '13 right now. Okay, I'd like to thank everyone joining us on the call today. And as always, we appreciate your continued support and interest in FirstEnergy. Thank you very much.
Anthony Alexander: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-04 08:15:00) =====
Executives: Arthur Yuan -  Charles Jones - Senior Vice President, Principal Executive Officer of Ohio Edison Company, Principal Executive Officer of The Cleveland Electric Illuminating Company, Principal Executive Officer of The Toledo Edison Company, Principal Executive Officer of Pennsylvania Electric Company, President of The Cleveland Electric Illuminating Company, President of The Toledo Edison Company, President of Pennsylvania Electric Company and President, Firstenergy Utilities Ronald Seeholzer - Vice President of Investor Relations Anthony Alexander - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director William Byrd - Chief Risk Officer and Vice President of Corporate Risk James Pearson - Vice President and Treasurer Donald Schneider - Principal Executive Officer and President Mark Clark - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President James Lash - Chief Nuclear Officer and President of FirstEnergy Nuclear Operating Company
Analysts: Unknown Analyst - 
Ronald Seeholzer: Good morning, everyone. I'm Ron Seeholzer, Vice President of Investor Relations, and I want to thank you all for coming to FirstEnergy's Analyst meeting today.  Before I review today's agenda, I'd like to point out that in your presentation book and up in our slide today, there's a Safe Harbor statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. I would ask that each of you review this document closely as you consider the comments we will be making today. As you can see in your books, we're going to have a full agenda today. We're going to start the meeting with Tony Alexander, our President and CEO, who will provide a corporate and strategic overview of FirstEnergy. Tony will be followed directly by Mark Clark, our Executive Vice President and CFO, who will provide our financial outlook. And after his presentation, Mark will take questions. Since today's meeting is being webcast, I would ask everyone wishing to ask a question to wait for a microphone to be brought to you before you start asking it so that everyone in the room and on the webcast can hear it at the same time. In our agenda, we provided for about 10 minutes of questions after each speaker, a process we will work hard to enforce in order to stay on schedule today. Also, in fairness, let's try to limit each person to just one question, instead of one question and 4 follow-ups. If we're unable to answer your question on the individual speakers, please hold them to the end of the meeting because Tony and his senior staff will come back up on stage at the close and take general questions at the end of the meeting. After Mark Clark's presentation today, Bill Byrd, our Vice President of Risk and our Chief Risk Officer, will provide an update on Enterprise Risk Management. After Bill's presentation, he'll take questions, and then we'll take a break, hopefully, a 10- or 15-minute break, we'll see how that goes. Right after the break, Chuck Jones, our President of FirstEnergy Utilities, will provide an update on both Distribution and Transmission businesses and the assumptions behind our distribution sales forecast. Chuck will take questions before he turns it over to Jim Lash, our President of FirstEnergy Generation and our Chief Nuclear Officer, who will provide an overview of our Generation Operations. Jim will take questions, and he'll introduce Donny Schneider, our President of FirstEnergy Solutions, who will provide an update on our progress to become a leading regional competitive energy provider. After Donny takes questions, Gary Leidich will come up on stage. He's our Executive Vice President of Merger Integration, and he's going to provide a long-awaited update on the merger integration process and the benefits we have identified to date. Gary will take the final questions and Tony will come up and do his closing remarks, and then Mark Clark, Jim, Donny will also come up onstage and open the floor to final questions.  We hope to bring this agenda to close about 11:30. That's our objective, and let's see if we can stay on time. One final housekeeping note, going forward, we're planning to move away from our traditional December Analyst Meeting and move it towards the third week of February and have it coincide with our first quarter earnings release. And we'll do them both at the same time. So kind of mark your calendars for the third week and we'll see you back together on that date. But let me turn the floor over to Tony and start the meeting today.
Anthony Alexander: Thanks, Ron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm excited to be here today to talk about FirstEnergy and our plans to grow our business and increase shareholder value. It's only been about 9 weeks since we completed our merger with Allegheny Energy, and we're already making significant progress in realizing its benefits. Let me start by saying our strategy has not changed. We will continue to focus on our core businesses and on our commitment to operational excellence, retail sales growth, investment-grade credit ratings, and to delivering solid financial results, including maintaining our dividend. I believe this focus, combined with our competitive business, our diverse generating fleet and the scale of our utility operations, will help us become one of the best-positioned companies for growth in this industry. We also offer shareholders a solid and secure dividend with an attractive yield and the potential for very attractive total shareholder returns as the economy improves and we execute our strategy. We operate in 3 business segments and have a substantial position in each, which creates both financial stability and growth opportunities. Our Distribution business has the largest contiguous customer base in the United States, and it will continue to have that after all of the other mergers that have been announced are completed. Our Generation business is one of the largest and most diverse competitive generating fleets in the nation. And our Transmission business is the largest owner of transmission assets in PJM. And we are the only integrated company with significant, independently owned transmission assets.  We do not need to grow our business by expanding our rate base. Instead, we are focused on growth through efficiencies, cost controls and making the most of the assets we already have. We will upgrade our facilities to meet increased demand and to reduce the costs and risk in our business, and we will invest in efficiency and productivity improvements to make our assets more competitive.  This philosophy extends to our Transmission business also, where we will focus on smaller incremental projects that improve reliability or reduce congestion in our region, not on long-line projects requiring multi-year commitments outside of our footprint. And while we are still evaluating the growth potential of our Transmission business, the scale and independence of much of these operations means we have tremendous optionality, and we will carefully examine how best to maximize its value in the future. The size and diversity of our utility service area not only provides us a solid base for financial stability, but is positioned well for growth. We are home to more than 14 million people, 108 major universities, including Penn State, Case Western Reserve and the University of Akron, which have some of the top research programs in the nation; nearly 150 hospitals, including the world-class Cleveland Clinic; the headquarters of more than 20 Fortune 500 companies; and nearly 12 million registered motor vehicles. And our location is attractive to business. We have competitive electric markets, large new natural gas finds in the Marcellus and Utica Shale fields; abundant land and water resources; a skilled workforce; and our service territory is within one day's drive of 60% of the United States population, 50% of the Canadian population and 60% of all U.S. manufacturing facilities.  From new devices in our homes and businesses to electric cars and life-saving technology at our region's hospitals, electric use will continue to grow and our assets are well positioned and fully aligned to capture the opportunities that will emerge as the economy improves. Today, we'll talk about how we're going to achieve the non-GAAP earnings guidance we outlined yesterday and why we believe FirstEnergy's position provides a solid base to grow shareholder value. Over the last year or so, we focused not only on meeting the challenges of the recession by driving down costs, but more importantly, on implementing our retail sales strategy and completing our merger with Allegheny Energy.  Respecting our retail sales, we have achieved considerable success in growing our business. In fact, we sell more today at retail from our generating plants than we did as a regulated company. And we are diversifying our customer base, maintaining our margins and creating a strong foundation for future growth as markets improve.  We also closed our merger in just over a year following announcement, a major achievement in our industry. We have a great regulatory team at FirstEnergy, and its experience and skill really showed during this effort. As a result, we expect the merger will be accretive to earnings beginning this year. And with our history of successful mergers, I'm confident in our ability to capture the benefits from this combination. In fact, over the first 3 years, we expect $1.3 billion in pretax cash benefits as we create operating efficiencies and share best practices across the new organization. With the merger behind us, we will now focus on taking advantage of the opportunities it created, expanding our retail sales activities as we now have 30 billion additional kilowatt hours of product to sell and strengthening our financial position and improving shareholder value. We will also use our internally generated resources, as well as the additional cash from bonus depreciation and asset sales to strengthen our balance sheet and enhance our ability to meet the challenges of our business.  And quite frankly, as you know, there or some. One of the key challenges is that our business is still impacted by the sluggish economy. For example, while industrial sales are improving and continue to improve through the first quarter, they're still about 6% below the peak in 2007. We're also seeing limited commercial growth, although there are pockets throughout our service territory that have been robust, especially in healthcare-related facilities. But we expect more growth as the Ohio and Pennsylvania shale fields are developed. And, of course, the economy impacts market prices, primarily as a result of excess capacity, although we're starting to see higher forward prices. While we've taken actions to address these economic challenges, we are now preparing for a host of new environmental regulations. And as we learn more about these mandates, we will be able to make decisions about the future of our smaller coal-fired facilities, which have already been written down and what may be required at our other facilities. Even so, today, we are much better positioned than many other companies to address these new requirements. In fact, more than 90% of our production is from non-emitting nuclear, low-emitting natural gas, scrub coal or renewable facilities. And we have options within our fleet to increase the output of our nuclear and supercritical coal units to help replace generation that may be retired.  We also have simple-cycle natural gas units that were designed and constructed so that they could be converted to combine cycle facilities at the appropriate time. And we own the rights, including power-siding permits, to develop an efficient and modern compressed air-generating plant that is not only well positioned to take advantage of increasing natural gas availability, but offers the ability to better manage the impact of renewable energy on the system. As you probably know, we're also preparing to address changes in our nuclear fleet that may be required as a result of the very tragic events in Japan. Even though we believe our plants are safe, reliable and well protected, I expect lessons learned in Japan will lead to required improvements that will make our nuclear fleet even safer. And while it's too early to identify what may be required, our efforts to improve our balance sheet should put us in a position to address these new requirements and to keep these critical assets a safe and reliable part of our fleet for many, many years. On the regulatory front, other utilities in Ohio, and I won't name them, my guess is you know who they are, would like the ability to tax Ohioans for new generation that is not needed and/or to pay for environmental retrofits that are not economic. We firmly believe, however, that the competitive model is working, and that the changes they advocate are wrong for Ohio.  Today, nearly 1.5 million Ohio customers across all of the state’s utility service territories are shopping for electric-generation savings from 38 competitive suppliers. Customers will not likely be willing to give up the advantages they now enjoy. In fact, customers want choice. And as they learn about plans that hold them hostage, increase their prices and deny them choice by creating non-bypassable charges, those arguments will likely not be well received. We obviously disagree with the other Ohio utilities. And if it's not obvious, it should be. We will work aggressively at the state level to ensure that customers throughout Ohio continue to enjoy the benefit of competitive markets. Finally, let me reiterate that yesterday, we announced 2011 non-GAAP earnings guidance of $3.20 to $3.50 per share, and our first quarter earnings are on track with that guidance. We also expect to remain within this range for 2012 and 2013 and to have positive free cash flow during each of those years. We will drive costs and revenues and identify opportunities to deliver on these commitments. It is truly an exciting time at FirstEnergy. We are better positioned than ever to deliver on our commitments and to grow and compete to increase shareholder value. Your support has been, and continues to be, greatly appreciated. Thank you. Now I'll turn the podium over to Mark and the rest of my senior management team. After each of the presentations, as Ron indicated earlier, we'll provide time for your questions. And I'll be back at the end to close the meeting, and we'll also be available at that time for questions.  Okay, let's get started. Mark?
Mark Clark: Thank you, Tony. Good morning. Like Tony, I'm excited to be here today. And certainly, appreciate all of your interest in the company. Before I begin, I'd like to introduce the folks who are going to help me answer some questions later. From right to left, Ron Seeholzer, who's Vice President of Investor Relations; Bill Byrd, who is Vice President of Enterprise Risk; Jim Pearson, who is Vice President and Treasurer; and then Harvey Wagner, Vice President and Controller. As Tony mentioned, we have accomplished a lot in a very short period of time. Today, I'm going to discuss the first quarter results and provide a financial outlook for the next 3 years, as you know, a much longer time frame than we have done historically. I will also talk to you about the initiatives that we have in place to produce consistent earnings, positive cash flow and a significantly stronger balance sheet over the next 3 years. Let me start with the first quarter. As Tony alluded to, the first quarter was consistent with our overall expectations. GAAP earnings were $0.15 per share and non-GAAP earnings were $0.69 per share. Normalizing items totaled $0.54 per share. The vast majority of these had to deal with the merger. Either the transaction costs, the costs like legal, banking fees, the cost to achieve, which Gary will talk to a little bit later in terms of integration costs and then the regulatory charges, which are the state settlements. On the operating side, 3 noteworthy points. Residential sales were up 2% as a result of non-normal weather, colder weather. Industrial sales continued their steady climb and were up 6%. And the strongest positive for the quarter, where FirstEnergy Solutions was up a strong 37%. Donny's going to talk a little more about that later. Although we're ahead of our forecast after the first quarter, we are not changing our sales forecast for the total year. As you can see at the very bottom of the slide, AYE contributed $0.13 per share for the one month. They were part of FirstEnergy, and there were $0.09 related to merger-related share issuance. So as Tony said, we expect Allegheny to be fully accretive in the first full year 2011. Should you want, there is significantly more detail in the consolidated report that was posted on the web last evening. Before I get into some of the hard numbers, I'd like to talk quickly about some of the initiatives that we have in place to produce the results that we expect. First, the merger synergies. I'm not going to steal any of Gary's thunder, he's got quite a bit of detail on that. As Tony alluded to, we will continually aggressively reduce O&M and capital over this 3-year period beyond the merger synergies. We will improve our balance sheet, we will complete the divestiture of non-core assets, and we will renew and restructure the revolving credit agreements. And I will address each one of these initiatives as I work through my presentation. Admittedly, this is somewhat of a busy slide and probably even more busy when you split it in half and put it in your book. But as Tony alluded to, I'm pleased to state that our earnings guidance for the 3-year period is $3.20 to $3.50 per share per year. We do not expect the distribution deliveries to grow much more than 1.5%. I would just remind you that 1.5% is against a pretty big base. Our sales are essentially hedged for 2011, 65% hedged in 2012 and 35% hedged in 2013. That is very consistent with our business plan. Bill Byrd will talk about how we manage the risk associated to that and what we call the glide path. And, of course, Donny is going to discuss the strategy and how he meets those expectations. You'll see that generation production modestly increases as does fuel. Capacity revenue declines in 2012 by $275 million and 2013 by $200 million. On the financial front, a number of positive takeaways. As I mentioned, the merger is accretive in 2011. We expect AYE to add $0.84 per share plus $0.15 per share in purchase accounting. Together, these more than offset the $0.86 per share related to the merger. Merger benefits increased significantly from '11 to '12 to '13. As I said, Gary's going to speak more to that, but this is the pretax earnings impact associated with those and you'll see that, that's in excess of $1 billion.  We're also targeting O&M reductions beyond the synergies of between $75 million and $175 million in 2012 and 2013. We expect asset sales in the range of $800 million to $900 million per year, and we expect to reduce debt by $1.5 billion to $2.2 billion over this time period. Again, as the first line states, we expect earnings to be within $3.20 to $3.50 per share per year from 2011 to 2013. Let me just give you a little bit more color related to 2011. As Tony alluded to, we now have 3 separate business segments. You'll see that the regulated distribution company is expected to contribute 55% of this year's earnings. That's the non-utilities, plus the fully integrated West Virginia operations. FirstEnergy Transmission, which is the first time we're reporting this out. We expect it to contribute 10% of our earnings in 2011, that would be ATSI, TrAIL and PATH and our competitive business segment, which is FirstEnergy Solutions and Allegheny Energy Supply. We anticipate they will contribute 35% in the full year earnings. A couple of technical points. Our SEC registrants will remain the same. Allegheny Energy Inc. will become a first-year subsidiary of FirstEnergy Corp. As in the past, we will provide additional guidance as we move through the year in terms of the earnings and the earnings by segment. One final point, while the dividend is always subject to the board, our regulated companies continue to produce steady, consistent results, which help ensure the overall security of our dividend.  Let me just spend a moment on capital. We believe our capital is more than manageable over this period of time. As you'll note, from 2010 to 2011, it drops dramatically. That's because of the near-term completion of Fremont, the completion of the Sammis AQC [Air Quality Compliance] project and the near-term completion of TrAIL. The only reason 2011 is a little bit higher than '12 and '13 is that there's some integration costs associated with PJM that are reflected in the transmission dollars. You can see that for 2012 and 2013, we figured that it's somewhere between $1.9 billion and $2 billion. 2012 and 2013, just those 2 years, include an incremental $100 million associated with potential environmental or nuclear changes. They are acting simply as a placeholder at this point, but they are included in our capital.  I will state that the numbers between the business segments may change over '12 and '13 depending on what's going on in the real world. However, the target will still stay at $2 billion. This may be my most favorite slide. We expect to be cash flow positive over the next 3 years after capital and after the dividend. 2011 significantly benefits from the asset sales and the bonus tax depreciation. But 2012 and 2013 also have their own benefits, from lower CapEx, increased merger synergies, additional O&M reductions, the residual impact of lowering the debt, 12 months of AYE earnings versus the 10 months in 2011, and, of course, as Jim Lash is going to talk to, we have additional unit uprates through this period of time. You'll note that the common dividend in 2011 is slightly lower than 2012 and '13 and that's because there were only 10 months of Allegheny in this period, where '12 and '13 will have 12 months. Again, to me, the most important part to this slide is that we will be cash flow positive in each of the next 3 years. Let me talk a little bit about the balance sheet. We have a solid plan for the overall strengthening of our balance sheet, which starts with the pay down of $1.5 billion to $2.2 billion of debt over this period of time. It’s important to note that we are not targeting debt that has a high premium. We will retain cash to pay down debt when it's appropriate.  There are 3 main segments of our plan. First, we expect the utilities to align their cap structures to align to their regulatory structures. That means their debt to capitalization will be somewhere between 50% to 60%. We expect to keep ATSI and TrAIL aligned with their formula rates, which we mean their expectation is that their debt to capitalization will be somewhere between 48% to 50%. But most importantly, we plan on significantly increasing liquidity and the balance sheet at FirstEnergy Solutions. We expect to reduce FES down to around 40% by the end of 2012, and we expect FirstEnergy to be around 53% at the end of 2013. Now remember, in my numbers, this is net cash. We're not paying back debt if we have go out and pay a big premium for it. But we do think there are number of opportunities. AYE supply has a $500 million issue coming due next year. Centerior/CEI has an issue coming due in 2013. So there's a number of issues plus there's an FES debt that we can purchase off the market. In terms of the last real financial slide, I want to talk just a minute about the revolving credit facilities. Our facility of $2.75 billion comes due on August of 2012. Our game plan is to get it finished and put together in the second quarter of this year. That will include 3 separate facilities. We plan on having a $1.5 billion facility at FirstEnergy Hold Co., a $1.5 billion facility at FirstEnergy Solutions, and a $1 billion facility at Allegheny Energy Supply. All of these facilities will be for a 5-year term.  I'm pleased to state that all of this is oversubscribed as of this morning. And I know there are a number of bankers here in the audience, so on behalf of Jim and I and the rest of the company, thank you very much for your support. We do appreciate it, and we just wish you'd lower the fees a little bit. On a period of weak power prices, we plan to deliver strong financial results, whether that be consistent earnings, positive cash flow, significant synergies, a stronger balance sheet, reduced spend, or a strong and sustainable dividend. The end results will be a much stronger company, well positioned for the future, whatever that future may hold. Thank you for being with us this morning and importantly, thank you for your continued support and interest in the company.  Now I'd like to open it up for questions. As Ron alluded to, this is being webcast. So we'd appreciate if you'd have a mic. Both Irene Prezelj, over here and Rey Jimenez from the Investor Relations staff, will catch up with you and give you the mic. And as Ron said, let's try and keep it to one question. And also with me are the folks up here to help answer any questions. Thank you. Ted?
Unknown Analyst - : I saw that you are making quite a large contribution for the pension program this year...
Mark Clark: I'm sorry, the mic isn't on so I can't hear you. Okay. This is good. You're eating up all 10 minutes. Thank you.
Unknown Analyst - : [indiscernible]
Mark Clark: No, it brings up the FirstEnergy pension to about 90%. That's in line with what we expect. If interest rates increase, the discount rate will go up and that will close the balance of that gap. Now that's FirstEnergy. Allegheny has some mandatory requirements that are little bit less. They are more around 80%, something in that range. We made the contributions on the FirstEnergy side because it's just tax efficient. We're not certain what the government's going to do in terms of some of the tax deductions and things like that. They encourage having these plans in place since the tax deductions, so we're pretty comfortable that 90% is the right number for FirstEnergy. And there are mandatory issues over the other side that we will address as appropriate.
Unknown Analyst - : Believe you mentioned that Allegheny Supply would become a first-tier sub. What plans do you have on integrating Allegheny Supply and FES at some point in the future?
Mark Clark: Right now, that's under study from a standpoint of tax. We can't put them together. We'll look at it 12 to 18 months from now, but Jim will address the fact that both AE Supply [Allegheny Supply] and his generation is being managed as one unit, even though, legally, they may be separate, and they will be for tax purposes for at least the next 12 months. And so at this point, there's really no issue for us to spend much time studying that, and we don't plan to.
Unknown Analyst - : Mark, could you just give us some insight into what's driving the working capital? Other line is consistently positive over the 3 years.
Mark Clark: Really, 2 items. First is we believe we have too much inventory, and we're aggressively attacking the inventory. The second is accounts receivable. It's not so much an issue out at FES. They maybe have too strict a credit limit, but we plan on working aggressively. Chuck's group has done a fabulous job in the accounts receivable and aging process, but those would be the 2 areas that we believe that we can aggressively continue to reduce.
Unknown Analyst - : In terms of the other cash flows, you've got a TBD in terms of asset sales, as you get into '12 and '13. Tony inferred in his opening comments that one of the areas that you might be looking at was transmission. You've got almost $2 billion in rate base in your 2 different transmission businesses. Do you see an appetite out there if you chose to monetize those? And is that an area where you think you could raise a significant amount of cash for debt reduction?
Mark Clark: That's a good question. First, we continue to own a small piece of OVEC. We also have a small piece coming in from Allegheny Energy. As we've always said, OVEC does not fit our strategy. We prefer to manage our own units, the results are some peaking units, Richland/Stryker which are around 400, 448 megawatts They're not core to the business when you put them in conjunction to the Allegheny assets. There are some small fiber type assets that we have sold ours off at FirstEnergy, we plan on selling Allegheny's office. And specific answer to your question on transmission, I think we get a phone call every day on transmission, but as Tony alluded to, that's under study. There is no need to look aggressively at that. We have a plan in place that produces positive cash flow for each of the next 3 years without doing anything with the Transmission business other than study it. And at this point, we're very pleased with it. It diversifies our earnings. It helps strengthen the dividend. And it's a great asset to own, and we plan on studying it as Tony alluded to.
Unknown Analyst - : In terms of the -- can you discuss at all the compliance strategy that -- for the supercritical units that you plan on pursuing in order to comply with the EPA regs, particularly mercury and HAPs [hazardous air pollutants]?
Mark Clark: That's a great question, because I don't have to answer it. Jim Lash has all that detail in his presentation. But thank you for getting me off the hook on that last question.
Anthony Alexander: Jim has a lot of detail. He has a specific PowerPoint slide on it. So I'll leave it to Jim to discuss, and you guys are off the hook. And Bill is going to come up and discuss the issue of how we manage our risk and the glide path, and why we believe we create more margin through our retail strategy. Thank you very much.
William Byrd: Good morning. I'd like to talk about 3 topics with you all this morning. First, I want to talk a bit about our retail strategy and the risk profile of that retail strategy at our competitive business units. Second, I want to update you on our formal commodity risk limits that have been updated reflecting the close of the merger. And third, I want to mention briefly our collateral outlook. First, on the risk profile of the retail strategy at our competitive business unit. And I call this chart the value proposition of the retail strategy. Looking at this stacked bar in the middle of the chart, starting at the bottom, we own power plants, we generate electricity, and we can sell that electricity to the wholesale market, and we could capture the wholesale price. And the difference between that price level and our production costs would just be the margin that accrues to a generator. And some companies, that is their business model, okay. They sell to the wholesale market and take that margin. But we are after a higher pricing level. We are after that retail price. But in order to get our product from the wholesale market down to that retail meter, we have to incur additional costs, okay. These cost components to provide the retail service are things like RTO charges. That's network integration service, the administrative charges of the RTO. Anybody serving a retail customer typically has to provide a quota of Renewable Energy. We have to provide capacity, shaping and balancing energy and line losses, all of these additional costs are incurred in order to capture that higher retail price. Those costs are incurred, we sell our product at the retail price and capture a margin, the retail price in excess of our cost. But because we've integrated our generation activity and our retail marketing activity, we view it as one.  These additional cost components that are incurred to go from wholesale to retail provide additional margin opportunities for us. Line losses, for example, that's just additional energy. That's just margin, the value of the energy in the marketplace less our production costs produces margin. Capacity, we sell supply. We get revenue for capacity. That's margin. Now not all of these cost components are pure margin for our competitive unit. It varies in degree depending on the cost category. RTO charges, for example, that's a pure cost. There is no feedback or margin opportunity in that. We just pay that price. But the point is, our business model, we're trying to capture the full gamut of value in this chain. The retail margin, the margin that accrues to a generator, and the margin derived from self-supplying the cost components of retail service. Now this chart portrays a conceptual picture of our risk profile and how we view our retail strategy from a risk perspective. We sell supply. Our assets hedge our risk exposure. We seek to avoid the risk exposures in the marketplace, if you will. Block energy, for example, we own power plants called nuclear plants, and supercritical coal plants that produce block energy. Shaping and balancing energy. We own plants that follow load. We own gas-fired CTs that provide that balancing energy. When the weather conditions in July result in unexpected consumption and unexpectedly high prices, we turn on the gas CTs and they run 50 hours a year but they hedge us. They protect us against that price spike that a retail marketer sourcing from the market would get hit with. Things like congestion and capacity. Our assets hedge that. We self-supply. Congestion, as long as our load obligations are in the areas of the grid that our plants were built to serve, what Donny will refer to as our home and close to home market areas. As long as we seek load obligation in those areas, congestion is de minimis. Yes, there is a cost, but we get FTRs, we can hedge it, and it's not a big deal. The further we go away from home, the more congestion becomes a pure expense for us. Similarly for capacity, as long as we incur load obligations in areas of the grid that our capacity is deliverable to, we self-supply. We charge the retail customer a component of their prices for capacity and we get that revenue and margin. The further our marketing forces go away from our home and close to home territories, the less deliverable our capacity is, and the less it represents a hedge for us. Renewable Energy. We self-supply. We have one of the largest portfolios of wind energy, for any company that doesn't own wind farms, we elected years ago to contract for Renewable Energy, and we control in excess of 600 megawatts of Renewable Energy through contracts. So effectively, our asset portfolio hedges our retail obligations. Now alternative business models to compare what we do to perhaps some alternatives. This chart, on the first row consider a retail marketer. A marketer, furthermore, that would source from the spot market. Under that business model, they're hedging horizon is tomorrow, next hour, next day, and that's the spot market. They avoid collateral needs because it's de minimis. They would incur only collateral with an RTO, which is de minimis. No counterparty risk, but the price risk is huge. That business model, you're always exposed to the next price excursion in the marketplace.  And a retail marketer always has volume risk for the retail customer. Now that particular price model, the price risk is tremendously significant. Some of you all are aware of the conditions in Texas, the first week in February due to weather conditions and availability of generation, there was a price excursion. And I'm told numerous retail marketers disappeared from the marketplace within days of that because they were exposed to spot markets, the price spiked on them. They go out of business. Take a generator on the flip side, a generator selling to spot. They can minimize their collateral and counterparty risk but they have huge price risk on the other side. Their revenue is always subjected to low spot prices, and could be extremely volatile. Now for us, our business model, by focusing on retail and self-supplying our hedging with our asset portfolio, we can extend our hedging horizon out to 2 years. Donny will tell you he is trying to get to 3 years, and that's the difference between Donny and me. From a risk perspective, I round down. Donny rounds up. The reality is our hedging horizon in our contract portfolio is between 2 and 3 years right now. But we're locked solid on a 2-year hedging horizon, trying to get even longer.  We do have -- our collateral is de minimis, as I'll show you later. Counterparty risk is the portfolio of 1.6 million retail customers. That's our counterparty risk. Price risk, we still do have some price risk, but we've minimized our price exposure. And volume risk, anybody serving retail has volume risk. But we feel our business model gives us a risk profile that's very manageable and very attractive. Now to shift gears a tad bit, with the close of the merger and the increase in our portfolio, we revisited our formal risk limits for our commodity book. Right now our formal limits for 1 to 12 months out, we want to be 90% to 100% hedged. And my percent hedged metrics are always measured in dollars. In other context, we do talk about percent hedged in terms of percent of megawatt hours hedged, and I believe Donny has some slides using that metric, but for my purposes, I always talk in terms of percent of revenue hedged. So for 1 to 12 months out, we want to be 90% to 100% hedged; months 13 through 24, 50 to 65 and so forth. That implies that we would keep up to 12 million megawatt hours using a pro forma supply number. We would keep up to 12 million megawatt hours open and exposed to spot markets. We do that intentionally. That helps cover things like unexpected unit outages, it helps cover the volume risk associated with our Retail business, and also, we are consciously preserving upside to the wholesale market. These particular charts show our exact position right now in terms of the percent of our revenue hedged. And these charts take a tad bit of explaining, but we want to use this presentation format going forward. So I want to spend a few minutes to get you indoctrinated to them. The chart on the left is for delivery year 2012. The horizontal axis are the months during calendar year 2011. So looking at March of 2011, the square dot represents 68%. That means for delivery year 2012, our revenue currently as of March of 2011 is 68% hedged. And by hedged, I mean, it's predictable with a very small uncertainty band. The lines, what we call the glide path, are the range that we want to be -- maintain. We want to maintain our book within that band during the course of '11. So by the end of this year, we will go into calendar 2012 90% to 100% hedged. The bottom side of this band is derived from cash-based credit metrics. Reflecting management's commitment to maintain investment quality ratings, we've taken the cash-based credit metrics and translated into the percent hedge that we need to maintain in order to meet those particular metrics. The top band reflects management's desire to consciously reserve power, as I said in our risk policy, to reserve power to protect against unit outages and also to preserve upside to the market. The chart on the right is the same information for calendar 2013. And as of March of this year, we're 33% hedged for our expected revenue in calendar 2013. And by the end of this year, we'll be 50% to 65% hedged. Donny, in his presentation, will show similar slides or similar information in a similar format, except he will be using percent of megawatt hours as opposed to revenues. Finally, a word or 2 about collateral. This chart plots our contingent collateral, the collateral that we would need if all 17 rated entities are reduced to below investment grade, that collateral that would be needed as a percent of our corporate liquidity. The bars prior to February '11 reflect FirstEnergy on a stand-alone basis. The bars for February and March reflect the consolidated company post-merger.  Currently, about 17% of our available liquidity would be needed to cover collateral requirements if we were downgraded tonight. That number puts us right in the middle of the pack of our peer group. We monitor against roughly a 25% threshold, anything below that is our target area that we're comfortable with. Also to put hard numbers on our collateral needs, this data is as of March 31. If all 17 rated entities were reduced to below investment grade, we would need to come up with about $506 million of liquid collateral to cover our existing obligations, to collateralize our existing obligations.  What's significant about this chart is all but $69 million of that has nothing to do with commodity markets. There's a common perception that collateral is driven by price changes and commodity transactions. But the bulk of our contingent collateral is tied to us just being in business. In that row called static amount, there's about $75 million buried in there that we would have to collateralize our ownership share of the nuclear energy insurance mutual company.  There's another $50 million in the static amounts that represents collateral that would have to be posted with RTOs. It's just stuff that we incur from being in business.  The accelerated payments, there's dollars in there. We had some nuclear fuel contracts that have since settled, since March. But if we had been downgraded in March, we would have to collateralize the payment of those contracts. The important thing is very little of this number is driven by commodity markets. In addition to the fact, the $500 million is a relatively small number for a company of our size. With that, that concludes my prepared comments. I'd be willing to take any questions that folks might have.
Unknown Analyst - : I wanted to ask about Slide 3. You have a variety of things in the retail margin that are often associated with the wholesale markets, like capacity, ancillary services. I'm just wondering whether -- what the actual additional margin that comes from retail? If you could sort of quantify just how important -- how much more you're going to be getting by sort of ramping up the retail -- if you could just give us a flavor as to what that means from a bottom line perspective? Do you follow me?
William Byrd: I understand completely and I will respectively refrain from providing any numbers. We view the numbers as a competitive issue. And what we're trying to do with that chart is explain the value proposition. We are not going to lay out specific numbers for each of those cost components; that would provide extremely useful information to our competitors in the marketplace in their pricing activity.
Unknown Analyst - : How about just sort of in the aggregate, though, I guess. I mean as opposed to breaking it out, as much as we all might like that. But how about just sort of just a general flavor as to just how critical, in terms of margin, this increase in retail activity is?
William Byrd: It's significant and it's a meaningful value proposition for us to pursue. But again, I respectfully want to refrain from quantifying.
Unknown Analyst - : Would legally combining FirstEnergy Solutions and Allegheny Supply sometime in the future be beneficial from the risk perspective; hedging, collateral posting, netting perspectives?
William Byrd: Limited. The merger closed February 25. As of February 25, those entities were managed as one. It was absolutely critical that we have one face in the marketplace. We've internally set up things so that, that is the fact. And that's the issue from a risk perspective. We have a consolidated position report. We manage as one. The legal structure is secondary from a risk perspective. There will be small benefits if we would consolidate, it's not a driver, it's not a high priority. As Mark mentioned, there's tax issues and all that sort of thing. But from a risk perspective, we view it as one already. The legal entities can stay separate.
Unknown Analyst - : You talked about hedging revenue. Is your approach to hedging fuel the same as approaching revenue? Are you using like the same percentages year-on-year?
William Byrd: Our philosophy is similar. The numbers will be different, and our metrics for our fuel book are still under development and being vetted with management.
Unknown Analyst - : I'm just wondering, I know you want to focus on the retail and signing customers up there, but if retail is going in slow, how willing are you to engage in wholesale hedges? As you're looking at the chart on Page 7, you're going along to that lower extreme, it seems like at some point, those might be easier to get. I mean is there a reason to maybe go that way in certain circumstances?
William Byrd: The lower bound of our glide path, if the retail portfolio does not bring in sufficient volume of contracts, or our participation in polar options does not provide a sufficient hedge percentage, then we would go to the wholesale market and hedge with pure wholesale contracts. It's not our desired mode of operation, but in order to meet our risk tolerance, we would do that. And in that activity, we would be very much cognizant of potential collateral needs and liquidity impacts, and the strength of our balance sheet.
Unknown Analyst - : And is that something that you would tell us, “Oh, of our hedges, a third of them are wholesale,” just so that we can kind of have an understanding that, that's going to have implications as to what the hedging results are going to do?
William Byrd: That's something we hadn't talked about. Something we'll consider soon.  With that, let's take a break and maybe if we could reconvene at 9:30, and we would like to adhere to that time, mindful of the folks listening via the Internet. We'll reconvene at 9:30 promptly. Thank you. [Break]
Charles Jones: Okay, good morning. Welcome back. I don't know if anybody else even notices, but when they turn the lights out in the room just prior to the utility guy getting up to talk, it kind of puts a little bit of a nervous edge on things, especially here in New York City. But anyhow, good morning. Over the next 15 minutes or so, I'll be updating you on our FirstEnergy Utilities and our transmission system. I'll cover a little bit about our scale and scope, operating philosophy and key financial determinants, and I'll wrap up with a discussion of some of our energy efficiency mandates. The merger with Allegheny has brought a broadened scope to our utility operations. We're now the largest investor-owned utility network in the United States, serving more than 6.1 million customers across 6 states. Our customer load profile is equally split between residential, commercial and industrial load, creating a well-balanced portfolio and strong stable regulated cash flow. Our footprint also provides us both geographic and regulatory diversity. Our utility strategy is fairly simple. Operating reliably and meeting customer service expectations ensures we remain in good stead with our regulators. In the first quarter, American Customer Satisfaction Index, FirstEnergy Utilities ranked sixth out of 26 participating companies, and we increased our percentage by 4 percentage points over 2010. This helps us achieve regulatory margin, which in turn, allows us to work to maximize our utility cap structures and our earnings. And we've already launched initiatives to ensure we capture all assigned merger benefits. As you can see from this slide, from 2006 to 2009, we have made steady improvement in distribution reliability in both the legacy FirstEnergy and the legacy Allegheny operating companies. 2010 was a little bit of an anomaly. We had 40-plus days of 90-degree temperatures last year, which brought us a significant number of late-afternoon thunderstorms and the resultant outages that go with that. But beyond that, I think we're on a steady path to continue to improve. Our basic philosophy of hardening the system, while at the same time minimizing impact of those inevitable interruptions to our customers is serving us well. And it's put us in the position to meet or exceed all of our reliability standards in all of those states that have them. We're in the process of implementing a changed operating philosophy at our new utility companies. We look at ourselves as a national, or at least, regional business that does business locally. We're implementing a regional management structure at West Penn, Mon Power and Potomac Edison similar to our other operations, which pushes decision-making and accountability close to the customer and with a focus on the individual operating issues that can vary from region to region. Strong presence of each operating company will have complete responsibility over all operating issues. In Pennsylvania and Ohio, where we have multiple utilities, we will have state presidents to ensure consistency in how we operate across those states. And to support that effort, we've developed support teams from existing FirstEnergy operations that we call sister companies that will assist West Penn, Mon Power and Potomac Edison with this transition. Experienced managers will work closely with their counterparts to help them adapt to new FirstEnergy policies and procedures. Our footprint also provides us tremendous scale in responding to severe weather events across the system. Our geographic diversity usually means that the impact on our system, overall, is localized. Our outage management tools allow us to manage restoration and dispatch from any location throughout our system. And our more than 9,000 utility employees, as Tony mentioned, they're all engaged in the storm management process and they're all within a day's drive to help their sister companies. This will reduce our dependency on mutual system support from other companies, not ours, and ensure that we are not paying a premium to restore service to our own customers. During the merger integration process, we've been very thoughtful about how to integrate the new service territory into FirstEnergy. We had more than 150 seasoned veteran utility employees from both companies working the last year, first, to identify the benefits of the merger, and now, to make sure that those benefits are captured. While there are over 100 total operating improvements identified, 9 major initiatives similar to the 2 shown on this slide will help us achieve the overall value creation. The integration process also focused on capital spending across the utilities. Our move of FirstEnergy transmission to the PJM this year has created a one-time capital expense, which is part of the uptick you see from '10 to '11, although the '10 numbers there are just the FirstEnergy prior to the merger. Along with that, we have another of major transmission investments going on this year. Beyond that, we should settle in around $1 billion or so, which at $167 per customer, puts us in the lowest quartile as far as capital spending per customer. Smart Grid, Smart Meter and energy efficiency capital is fully recoverable through specific rate treatment outside of our formal rate cases. Our sales forecast over the next 3 years shows steady 1.5% growth. The 2011 to 2012 growth looks a little more substantial in the chart because 2011 only includes 10 months of Allegheny. Our residential and commercial customers help offset economic swings, which occur mostly in the industrial sector. We refer to our utilities as a fixed income part of our portfolio and while 1.5% obviously isn't great, it does reflect our economy as a whole. And it provides a steady base of earnings from which the rest of our strategies can be launched. We have some bright spots in there. In an otherwise sluggish economy, key areas of our service territory are seeing significant economic development. Banking, insurance and nearly every other industry are modernizing their data centers. In fact, probably many of the companies you work for have built new data centers just across the border in New Jersey that land into our territory. And these data centers represent solid high-load factor energy usage. We're seeing some rebound in the automotive sector, which should bode well for our economy as a whole. And in Cleveland, the Cleveland Clinic expansion, the Cleveland Medical Mart & Convention Center and a new casino are all welcome additions. These projects alone represent more than $2 billion of economic development. And the crown jewel might well be the $1 billion Calisolar plant, which is going to be located in Mansfield, Ohio. It'll be a new plant using 100 megawatts of energy to produce world-class, solar-grade silicon. Okay, let's shift gears to a little discussion on our transmission system. Prior to the merger, FirstEnergy's transmission system had 14,900 line miles. About half of that was in American Transmission Systems Inc. or ATSI, our transmission assets in Ohio. And about half is owned by the former GP Utilities in Pennsylvania and New Jersey. Up to this point, our focus on transmission has been basically operational. Merging in Allegheny brings us to just under 20,000 transmission line miles. And as you can see from the map, it substantially increases our West to East transmission reach, and as Tony mentioned earlier, makes us the largest transmission operator in PJM. Reliable operation of transmission system also remains a top priority. We've consistently operated at or above the top quartile on transmission outage frequency, which is a common industry benchmark for transmission system performance. This helps ensure appropriately regulatory margin, both at the state and federal levels, and also with NERC. Speaking of regulatory environment, between FERC and NERC, the external oversight of this part of the industry has changed significantly. We've undergone 7 different readiness and compliance audits in the last several years and passed all in a successful manner. Our friends from the nuclear side of the company have helped us develop an excellent compliance program and culture with a find-and-fix mentality. The scrutiny also extends to minor system disturbances, cyber security, physical security and has driven a continuous review and self-improvement approach throughout our utility operations. And lastly, we successfully passed the NERC readiness review for moving our ATSI assets into the PJM RTO. As I mentioned earlier, some of our transmission system is owned outside the utilities with specific FERC rate treatments. The TrAIL 500 kv line, for example, has a 12.7% approved return, and within TrAIL Co., a number of smaller other projects average between 11.7% and 12.7% returns. ATSI is very similar. ATSI has a FERC-approved formula rate in place, ensuring recovery of any expenses associated with operation and maintenance of this part of our transmission system and a 12.4% return on equity for new investments made in the ATSI footprint. Our immediate transmission future is somewhat of a stable picture. TrAIL will be going in service by the end of this month. In fact, one line section is already in service, and the other two are scheduled to go in, in the next two weeks. PJM has suspended the PATH project based on their most recent comprehensive load studies. But beyond that, we do believe there are a number of smaller transmission projects that make sense. The transmission systems of Allegheny and FirstEnergy were built independently to serve native load with native generation. By strengthening the ties between these 2 systems, we can recognize significant benefits in both operations and economies. We can improve reliability by networking 2 systems that were built independently, which reduces congestion and improves economic dispatch, providing benefits to both customers and competitive markets. In summary on transmission, transmission represents a stable block of regulated earnings, both today and into the future. There are a number of near-term projects that can bring both operational and economic benefits, and the amount of capital invested can be managed within our overall capital requirement. Now I'd like to spend just a couple minutes on addressing new regulatory issues that are evolving. Energy efficiency, demand management, Smart Meter and Smart Grid programs are in development across our footprint. I could take all morning talking about the opportunities and challenges that these present for us, but I'd say that our strategy is really very simple. We've taken a conservative approach that is customer focused, meaning we do not believe that long term, customers will want to pay for any program where the costs exceed the benefits. So in a practical sense, that means we're complying with existing regulation, but not going beyond compliance. We're ensuring all expenses and investments are recoverable with no negative impact to our shareholders. And importantly, we're using these programs to study the true customer and grid management benefits so that we can approach investments of this type in a little more scientific manner going forward. Just to wrap it up, simply put, our goal with Utility Operations is provide a stable base of earnings while meeting all external requirements related to reliability and customer service. We've successfully managed integrating our T&D system through 2 previous mergers and expect to do the same with this one. And with that, I'd be happy to take couple questions.
Unknown Analyst - : How much spending are you doing on the energy efficiency program and then separately, on the ROEs for the Transmission business, you said for ATSI, it was 12.4% ROE on the new investments. Is it also that ROE on your legacy assets?
Charles Jones: It's 12.4% return through a formula rate. So what basically works through ATSI is we look at our rate base. We earn 12.4% on that rate base that's within ATSI, which right now is a little over $600 million, and then we recover the expenses annually which drives the revenue requirement for ATSI on an annual basis. On the energy efficiency spending, that number is going to be probably for 2011 in excess of $200 million. We have a number of programs that are filed and awaiting approval. But if they all get approved, it could ramp up even as close to $250 million.
Unknown Analyst - : Yes, two things. First, on the transmission. If you look at the rate base you have and the ROEs, it would look like you'd get to about $0.25 of earnings, not $0.30 to $0.35. Are you able to lever up the transmission? Or can you actually do better than the allowed ROEs? And then the other question is on the regulated distribution businesses, can you stay out of any rate cases in all states for a pretty extended period? Do you have any commitments that have to come in or you pretty well can kind of stay out?
Charles Jones: Okay. On the first question, I think the answer is that what I'm showing you is the allowed rate of return at the transmission company level. What Mark's talking about when he looks at earnings is how the earnings roll up to the Hold Co. level. So obviously, there are things that go on with re-leveraging, if you will, between the two, which drive that difference. On the distribution front, our allowed rate of returns vary from 9.75% to 12.9%, I think, where we tend to try to stay right around those. We might get a little above or a little below, but we manage our investments. That's one of the advantages of having the diversity that we have, is we can move our capital requirements around to kind of balance those needs almost on a real-time basis. So we try to keep them all. And I think on an aggregate basis, I think you would expect to see us kind of stay right around those allowed rate of returns, which should not drive too much in the way of new rate cases.
Unknown Analyst - : I wonder if you could elaborate a little bit on your comments on the Smart Grid. If I remember correctly, you said that the company's view is that it doesn't want to impose costs on customers in excess of what -- the benefits that they might enjoy through operational and other savings. And then I think you also said that you're not planning to roll out the Smart Grid at a rate in excess of what's required by the regulatory authorities. Is...
Charles Jones: Well, right now, what I said is we're approaching it from a customer-focused perspective, which means that we want to ensure that long term, the benefits exceed the costs. So on Smart Grid in particular, we did apply for and received a Department of Energy grant to do a Smart Grid pilot. We're actually doing 2 Smart Grid pilots, one in Pennsylvania and one in Ohio. And we're going to use those pilots to study the benefits. And there are 2 sets of benefits. There are benefits to the customer and there are benefits to the management of the grid that we're going to study. And you put them all together, and then based on those pilots, I think we'll be in a very better-informed position to decide, do Smart Grid investments really makes sense for both the industry and the customer?
Unknown Analyst - : Where do you see the principal savings and customer benefits being realized?
Charles Jones: Well, I think from a customer's perspective, there could be a lot of benefits. You put a Smart Meter on the house, you give them real-time information about how they're using energy and at some point, real-time pricing as to what the pricing of that energy is. We've got customers right now that have a Smart Meter on their house, and they've got a little handheld device that they can carry from room to room and it tells them in real time how much they're using at that point in time. And it's driving behavior already even without the pricing to match. So I think that's the real benefit from a customer perspective, is they can get smarter about how and when they use their energy. And then that also translates back to the grid management benefit because if you can get customers to use it smarter and to be more flexible, then you can avoid investment that's needed to drive because our whole system is built to manage at a peak-load level. So the more you can do to manage around that peak, that's where the grid management benefits can come in. Okay. Thank you. Turn it over to my partner, Jim.
James Lash: Well, good morning. First off, I'm joined on the stage by Charlie Lasky, who is our Vice President of Fossil Operations. Today, I plan to give you a short overview of the FirstEnergy's Generation fleet following the merger with Allegheny Energy. I will touch on the benefits of integrating fossil and nuclear plants, essentially managing all of our units as a single fleet. I will discuss our plans for improving performance of our generating units with the objective of operational excellence. I want to discuss briefly the important challenges that we face in terms of lessons learned from the Japanese nuclear event and the pending Environmental Protection Agency regulations. And finally, I will introduce some opportunities, noteworthy opportunities, afforded us by this new and larger generating fleet. As you can see, we have a diverse generating fleet that is spread over most of our service territory. The capacity of this fleet is just over 23,000 megawatts. And if you consider only the competitive capacity, we will be the second largest generator in PJM. As you know, we will complete our transition to PJM in June of this year. And finally, the merger has augmented our capacity to the East, affording us better access to those markets. Our fleet employs a balanced fuel mix. It is approximately 64% coal, 17% nuclear and 20% gas, hydro, wind and pumped storage. As a whole, the coal portion of our fleet is newer and more efficient than the national average. In fact, 3/4 of our fleet, fossil fleet, output, is provided by supercriticals, which are higher efficiency, newer and lower operating cost units. From an environmental control standpoint, as Tony has already said, more than 80% of our fleet from a capacity standpoint, and 90% of what we actually produce is low or non-emitting and scrubbed. Let's reflect on nuclear for just a moment. In 2003, we established a fleet structure for managing our three nuclear stations. This approach was derived from considerable benchmarking of the nuclear industry. And as a result of these efforts, today, Beaver Valley is a top industry performer. Davis-Besse is close behind, and the Perry station is steadily improving. In integrating fossil and nuclear, we will take the same approach to our entire fleet, and we will combine nuclear, FirstEnergy fossil and Allegheny fossil. Our initial emphasis will be to focus on a common vision and approach to safety, human performance and common business practices. We have already experienced sharing resources across our fossil and nuclear fleet. We will expand on this going forward. The result of resource sharing is deferring contract resource expenses and getting higher quality work as our folks take ownership for that work. And while change always comes with challenges, I believe that our experience will serve us well in managing this transition. We are currently finalizing an integrated business plan for this new fleet that establishes 4 key focus areas. We've established safety as our top priority, and it is key to achieving our standard of operational excellence. This encompasses both personnel, personal and environmental at all of our plants. And for the nuclear folks, it adds nuclear and radiological safety. Our operations focus refers to priorities for establishing improved plant performance and reliability, executing well-planned outages and establishing best industry standards in our operating and maintenance practices. And these areas, these focus areas, are enablers for us achieving our operational financial targets and merger benefits. I spoke earlier of our experience and success in applying the fleet model in nuclear. A good example of this is forced loss rate, which is an indicator, the best indicator of plant reliability. We developed detailed plans that were sharply focused on improving the material condition of our plants and on addressing human performance behaviors. And as you can see by this slide, the forced loss rate has steadily improved over the last 5 years. In fact, the forced loss rate at our nuclear units in the first quarter of 2011 was 0%. We will apply the same approach to improving the forced outage rate at our fossil fleet and I fully expect we will achieve similar levels of improvement. By improving forced outage rate and outage execution, improvements in availability and capacity factor will follow. The Allegheny fleet was focused on only availability. That has changed. Our plans are intended to improve all of these metrics. Specifically, our goals are to achieve top quartile performance in availability, forced outage rate and top decile performance in capacity factor for our competitive supercriticals by 2014. Some of the details of how we will achieve this are shown on this slide. The lines show the expected improvement in outage rates and availability for the Allegheny plants over this period. Our dispatch strategy will favor the supercriticals, our most efficient fossil units. And the programs that will be applied are similar to those that have been successful for our nuclear units. These programs will reduce single failures, allow us to better understand the causes of tube failures and put in place maintenance practices that allow us to reduce emergent failures and addressing shortfalls in equipment and human behavior, as I've already discussed. Steady investment in the supercritical units will aid us in achieving these goals. I have referred several times to the importance of well-executed outages in achieving our goal of operational excellence. We will again use best practices, from nuclear and the industry, in properly scoping and executing those outages. We have successfully completed one of our nuclear outages this year thus far and we have outages underway at Perry Station, Fort Martin 1, Harrison 3 and Mansfield 3. These outages are on track with our plans. I would like to point your attention to an important, very important outage in the fall of this year and that is the Davis-Besse mid-cycle outage that will enable us to replace the reactor vessel head on that unit. Accomplishing this will give us greater certainty going forward in terms of outage duration and it will help us improve safety margins in vessel integrity and radiation dose.  Another way that we're looking at operational excellence is through the adoption of practices that can optimize our resources and reduce our costs; for example, in-sourcing maintenance, engineering and environmental activities and creating regionalized or mobile maintenance crews and centralized shops. Clearly, focusing on the operational performance of our units, our competitive units, creates value for us as a company. In fact, we see the potential for an additional 3 million megawatt-hours on fossil-competitive supercriticals by 2014. This output is then available to Donny Schneider and his FES staff and can be used in implementing our referred to retail strategy. We expect our capital expenditures as a combined company to decrease in 2011 over 2010. And listed on this slide are some of the more important capital projects that we will undertake over the next 3 years. For fossil, these projects will be focused primarily on reliability and environmental issues. For nuclear, we are replacing steam generators at Davis-Besse in 2014. We are replacing the reactor vessel head and the control rod drive mechanisms in October of this year, as I referred to earlier. We will be replacing low-pressure turbine rotors at Perry and both Beaver Valley units in the years 2012 and 2013. And finally, we will be continuing our dry fuel storage projects at all of our nuclear units. In addition, as you've heard already, we are setting aside capital to address modifications that may result from changes in NRC and Environmental Protection Agency regulations. I am sure that everyone is following the news and is fairly current on the Japanese nuclear situation. Although months, if not years, will be -- of work lie ahead in fully addressing this situation, it does appear that the Japanese have turned the corner in addressing the event. As you might recall, these units are older General Electric boiling water reactor designs. For comparison, we look at our FirstEnergy nuclear units. Our units have larger containment structures, greater redundancy in their cooling water systems and more diversity in the back-up power supplies for those cooling water systems. Additionally, FirstEnergy and the U.S. nuclear fleet has benefited from modifications over the last 2 decades. And we have guidelines plus portable equipment in place for dealing with beyond-design basis emergency situations. We in the industry have taken and continue to take a proactive approach to improving on these mitigation strategies. And while it is too early to project what the regulation will result from this event, we will be proactive in incorporating lessons learned to make sure that our plants are even safer in the future. I know that all of you are aware of these pending Environmental Protection Agency regulations. I would draw your attention to two that are -- probably present the largest challenge to our industry, and they are the Transport rule and the Maximum Achievable Control Technology regulation. They're both due to become final this year and expected to be implemented in January -- to start to be implemented in January 2012 for transport, and January 2015 for MACT. We will continue to study these new regulations. And as they evolve, we are confident we are well positioned to handle the final requirements that will come from them. While we agree with others in our industry that current timetables are really unrealistic and that the impact on prices paid by customers will be significant, it is important to remember that unscrubbed supercritical coal is not significant in the context of our overall portfolio. In fact, our preliminary estimate of Transport rule and MACT compliance costs are in the range of $2 billion to $3 billion. That's similar to our investment in environmental compliance over the last 5 to 7 years. We are also developing for implementation, asset strategies that look at the shutdown and/or elimination of our non-economic generating units. And I'd note that similar shutdowns are likely to take place across the industry, which is likely to have an upward impact on power prices. However, we also have a number of opportunities to offset the loss of this output related to these potential plant shutdowns, and I'll talk to these next. We already have several initiatives in our plans to increase the generation capability of our fleet. As mentioned earlier, one of the merger benefits is our ability to add as an additional 3 million megawatt-hours output from the Allegheny supercritical fleet by 2014. And 2 significant projects are in our budget at our nuclear units. In addition, we are evaluating additional opportunities for further mining our assets, such as nuclear uprates, particularly at the Perry station, uprates from turbine replacement for our competitive subcritical units and additional opportunities to repower the West Lorain facility, which would give us an up to 200 megawatts by converting it from a simple cycle to a combined-cycle facility. And finally, as you heard earlier, we also have the option to develop the Norton Compressed Air generating plant, which has a potential of 2,700 megawatts. One of the many advantages of this project is the ability to bring it online in 138 megawatt increments, which flattens the cost of the project but also gives us the opportunity to obtain revenue from it at an earlier point. So in closing, I look forward to leading this new and larger fleet forward towards achieving our safety and operational excellence objectives, working through the challenges of new regulation and delivering the results that support our company in achieving its financial performance objectives, and achieving our target merger benefits. Thank you. And with that, I'll turn it over for any questions that you might have.
Unknown Analyst - : I was wondering if you could just share a little more thoughts, if you look at Slide 35, in the appendix, you show the movement in coal plant performance to first quartile, first decile for the entire fleet, which would be better than where you guys have been. Can you share a little more on how you anticipate getting to that higher level of performance out of the fleet?
James Lash: Well, first off is we intend to improve those metrics to top quartile, top decile by, again, as I've said, focusing on the reliability of them; focusing on the material condition and eliminating the human performance issues that take them offline unexpectedly. And secondly, we are assuming that the market conditions will support running those units as they are available for achieving those capacity goals.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. And just one other. On the $2 billion to $3 billion of potential EPA-related capital spending, how much of that money would be economic to spend today in the current market conditions? And how much of the capital is currently anticipated in the capital spending budget?
James Lash: I couldn't hear the first part of your question, but the -- could you repeat it please?
Unknown Analyst - : Yes, how much of that $2 billion to $3 million would be economic to spend today in the current commodity price environment? So based on the current forwards, how much of that money would you actually spend where you get an economic return? And then how much of that is already in the capital spending budget?
James Lash: Well, the cash flow on that $2 billion to $3 billion that I referred to, when we look at those modifications, it does enter into the 2012 and 2013 capital portfolio. Worst case scenario is the $3 billion, and that does put a little pressure on 2013. But a more reasonable scenario really falls within line on the capital portfolio that we've already presented.
Unknown Analyst - : On the 3 million extra megawatt-hours, to what extent are you using the forward curve or are you using a different set of assumptions? It sounds like based on your answer to Dan's question, that you were using something different than the forward curve. And can you also give a sense of how different from the forward curve are the assumptions that you're using and what the sensitivity is to those terawatt-hours?
James Lash: Well, I don't think the assumption of the 3 million, and I'm repeating myself, I know, is that, that is what we think our capability of -- for the competitive supercritical units by dispatching them, changing the dispatch strategy, ensuring they are reliable, they're ready to run when called upon and that, again, is focused on the plant material condition and human performance, and that the market is there to place those units in service, based on it. And that dispatch strategy would reflect that.
Unknown Analyst - : So then you are assuming the forward curve when you dispatch those units, is that the right answer?
James Lash: Yes, we are.
Unknown Analyst - : With regard to the last slide, growth opportunities 2011 to 2013, can you give us an idea of how much it will cost to achieve the entire package? And specifically, can you talk about the cost related to the compressed storage project if you were to go forward with that?
James Lash: There's an asset team right now that is studying those options and I have seen some of the numbers for the projects. For example, the West Lorain project, there's a couple of options there, and they're in the $1,500 per kilowatt range, both of those. I do not have the cost numbers on the gas plant.
Unknown Analyst - : Just a clarification, I believe, on Dan's question from before. The $2 billion to $3 billion, are we to assume that -- how much of that is in the free cash flow, the corporate free cash flow projections for -- through 2013?
James Lash: There is none of it captured specifically as projects, but as you have heard already, we have created some set-aside capital money to implement those projects. And as I've said, if we look at the $3 billion, which is the worst case scenario, the cash flow for those projects puts some pressure on that number for 2013. But again, a more reasonable rollout of that rule, and we won't know for sure until it goes final. But a more reasonable implementation of that rule does fit within our capital projections. Okay. I think that's it. And with that, I'll turn it over to Donny Schneider. Thank you.
Donald Schneider: Thank you, Jim. Good morning. I'm Donny Schneider, and I'm President of FirstEnergy Solutions. I have responsibility for retail sales, commercial operations, fuel procurement and unit dispatch. Joining me here on the stage is my staff, starting at this side. Jim Melody is my Vice President of Fuels and Unit Dispatch; Kevin Warvell is Vice President of Commercial Operations; Arthur Yuan is Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing; and Dena McKee is our Controller. Here are the items that I'll be covering this morning. I'm going to start out by looking at our major initiatives. We'll then take a look at FirstEnergy Solution's strategy, the markets that we compete in, how we use a multichannel marketing approach to be successful in those markets. We'll take a look at our fuel cost, and then I'll wrap up by looking at our risk management strategy. Let me start by highlighting who FirstEnergy Solutions is. According to KEMA's most recent report, FirstEnergy Solutions is now the second largest nonresidential, and the sixth largest residential retailer in the nation. With total sales of approximately 100 terawatt-hours, FirstEnergy Solutions has more sales than 90% of the utilities in the United States. We have 1.5 million customers and our total revenue is $5.7 billion. If you were to look at FirstEnergy Solutions as a standalone company, we would rank number 370 on the Fortune 500 list. And more importantly, today, we're generating more margin than we did as a regulated utility. FirstEnergy Solutions is strategically located in the center of the eastern competitive markets and we use that position to offer better prices to customers and capture greater share and margin. And because our plants were designed to serve our customers, at the lowest cost, we now produce about 95% of what we sell. As a result of the merger, we now have an additional 30 billion kilowatt-hours of generation to deploy, which will help us capture even more market share as we expand our retail business. Our major initiatives for 2011 through 2013 really boil down to maximizing our earnings contribution to FirstEnergy by capturing the highest possible revenue on our sales and minimizing our expenses. At the same time, we'll continue to operate FirstEnergy Solutions in a way that minimizes risk. As we move forward, we are incorporating the Allegheny asset into our retail strategy, and we will capture the merger benefits. Let me take a moment to highlight a few of those benefits. As Jim mentioned earlier, we'll be enhancing some of our supercritical fossil units to generate an additional 3 terawatts-hours. My team will incorporate those terawatts-hours into our strategy of selling directly to retail customers. Another merger benefit deals with our dispatching strategy. By implementing the FirstEnergy process, we will more efficiently dispatch those units and we will increase plant performance. And the last benefit I'll touch on relates to coal procurement. Because of our sheer size and scope, we'll become a more competitive player in the marketplace, which enables us to maintain our position as a low-cost producer. Our strategy is straightforward. We sell the power that we produce in our power plants to our retail customers. There are four factors that influence this strategy. First, we focus on maximizing our revenue through a multi-channel marketing approach. Second, we sell the output from our plants to customers in our geographic region. Third, we focus on minimizing our expenses, especially fuel expense, through world-class procurement. Fourth, we maintain and enhance the efficiency of our plant operations. All of these efforts are supported by working very closely with Bill Byrd's risk team. FirstEnergy Solutions chooses to sell the output of our generating facilities in geographic areas where our customers can be served at a low level of risk. Generally, we serve in areas that we can serve with our power plants. As a result, we have no customers in Texas and only a limited number of customers in Eastern Pennsylvania and New Jersey. We've been very successful with this strategy in Ohio and Western Pennsylvania. With the completion of our merger, we're expanding our footprint. We also go deep and wide in the territories that we target. In other words, we pursue every customer class in those markets. We strongly believe that this multi-channel approach is far less risky and more profitable than simply relying on one part of the business. We're all familiar with the risk that is taken on by suppliers who only focus on POLR. To illustrate my point, let me give an example. In FE Ohio today, about 70% of the load has now shopped with a supplier. Those competitors who chose to pursue only the POLR load have watched their market share slip to about 30% of what it was prior to shopping. Meanwhile, by deploying our multi-channel marketing approach, FirstEnergy Solutions now enjoys a total market share of over 80% in FE Ohio. Home markets include Northern Ohio, Western Maryland, North Central Virginia and Western Pennsylvania, and generally include areas where our generation was designed to serve. Therefore, there is less deliverability risk. The overall size of this market is about 110 terawatt-hours per year, with over 4.5 million customers. Close-to-home markets include Southern Ohio, Michigan and Illinois. These markets are also easily accessible with our generation and do not carry significant deliverability risk. In the market source territories, we want to maintain a presence. However, we have very limited sales. In fact, through 2013, we plan on selling no more than 10- to 12-terawatt-hours of market-sourced generation in any given year. Now I'd like to discuss our multi-channel marketing approach. Since the first FE Ohio auction that took place in 2009, we have steadily ramped up our sales to large commercial and industrial and government aggregation customers. In 2010, we sold nearly 28 terawatts-hours through our large commercial and industrial channel. And for 2011, we have already achieved our target of securing 40 terawatts-hours under contract. With the completion of our merger, our generating portfolio has become larger. As a result, we are actively expanding our sales channels and product offerings. Those new channels include what we call our medium commercial and industrial customers, mass markets and structured sales. We've dedicated new resources to accommodate the expansion of these new channels, and we've had very promising early results. We presently have more than 27,000 medium commercial and industrial customers, with an annual load of 1.9 terawatt-hours. We believe we can grow this sales channel to over 3.4 terawatt-hours by 2013. In the area of mass-marketing, excluding government aggregation, we now have approximately 100,000 customers with an annual load of 1 terawatt-hour. We have undertaken several new pilot programs that have proven to be successful, and we'll be rolling out these programs to expand sales in the future. We view mass marketing as both an offensive tool and a defensive tool. And we're targeting growth in this segment of our business to about 3.3 terawatts-hours by 2013. But depending on our success, it could be more. We've also had outstanding results with our government aggregation sales channel, where we have achieved 97% of our target this year of securing 14.3 terawatt-hours under contract. Currently, we have 1.4 million customers through government aggregation throughout Ohio, and we'll continue to seek opportunities to expand. We strongly believe that government aggregation is the most cost-effective method of bringing savings to residential customers. And by 2013, we expect to increase our sales in this channel by nearly 30%. That equates to about 400,000 customers. We'll also continue to participate in POLR auctions and RFPs. But those sales will primarily be dependent in our success in our direct retail and aggregation sales. It's interesting to note, the sales position we inherited as part of the merger looks very much like the portfolio we had 2 years ago after the first FE Ohio auction, very low on POLR and very short on retail. Because we understand how to move from POLR to retail, we're very excited about the opportunity to move the Allegheny assets into direct retail sales. We also look forward to taking advantage of Allegheny's expertise in the muni and co-op sales channel to enhance our structured sales. We expect to grow this channel to just over 3 terawatts-hours by 2013. Finally, consistent with our past practice, we'll hold about 10% of our portfolio for wholesale sales to preserve market upside or to cover unexpected unit outages or increased retail sales. Here you can see what we've accomplished over the last 2 years through our multichannel marketing approach. The key takeaway is that FirstEnergy Solutions has been very successful in transitioning from a company that relied heavily on regulated sales to one that can perform very well in a competitive marketplace. Let's take a look at 2009. Our revenue was just over $4 billion on sales of 73.4 terawatt hours. A large portion of our sales came from POLR and regulated sales. In 2011, our revenue is projected to come in at over $5.7 billion on sales of 97.8 terawatt hours. However, POLR and structured sales now only make up about 1/3 of our total sales, while the vast majority of our sales are coming from direct retail channels. In fact, today, we no longer have regulated sales that are served by FirstEnergy Solutions. Looking forward to 2013, we expect to grow our revenue to approximately $6.6 billion on sales of 112 terawatt hours with an even larger percentage of our sales coming from direct retail. Now I'd like to point out here that our renewal rate in our home markets is over 90%. This exceptional renewal rate can be attributed to the value we offer our customers. More than just price, we form long-term relationships, we keep them informed about market movements, and offer products that match their tolerance for risk in the marketplace. Now looking at fuel, we simply need to be the lowest-cost producer in our region. That's how we can be competitive in the retail marketplace and capture greater margins. We will accomplish this by continuing our tradition of aggressively managing this process and achieving efficiencies in our supercritical coal and nuclear fleet. Over the past 15 years, FirstEnergy Solutions has perfected the ability to switch fuels on-the-fly, allowing us to burn a wider range of coals to keep our costs low. This fuel blending program will be implemented at the Allegheny plant to lower fuel cost across the board. Going forward, FirstEnergy Solutions will purchase nearly 40 million tons of coal per year and our goal is to leverage our flexibility, our size and our physical position to ensure that we are the lowest-cost producer in the region. As all of you know, nuclear fuel cost is increasing, but it isn't volatile. That is because fuel expense, in any given year, represents the weighted average of fuel purchases made over the previous 5 to 6 years. The 4 main components of nuclear fuel costs are buying the uranium and then converting, enriching and fabricating it. With each one of those components, FENOC maintains multiple contracts with varying terms and multiple counterparties and pricing mechanisms to provide price diversity. Through the combination of strategies we will deploy to manage fuel cost, we believe that we can maintain essentially flat fossil fuel expense over the period 2011 through 2013, and only a modest increase in total fleet fuel expense. Although our nuclear fuel cost is increasing slightly, we're about 15% below the national average according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration. Bill Byrd has already covered our sales from a risk perspective, so I won't spend a lot of time here. This slide indicates our 2012 sales position. As Bill said, our plan is to have 90% to 100% of our sales under contract by December of this year. Let me simply point out that not only does this approach makes sense from a risk perspective, but it also makes sense from a long-term earnings perspective. From a sales perspective, our strategy allows us to establish an average contract duration of 36 months and then renew those contracts at a rate of about 3% per month. The strategy works for our company, as well as for our customers who are looking for long-term price stability. I view this strategy as very similar to dollar cost averaging when investing in the stock market. Most of the research that I have seen would indicate that the returns over the long haul associated with dollar cost averaging are better than those associated with trying to time the market. Here you can see our 2013 forward sales position. Today, we have about 1/3 of that position closed. Let me close by saying FirstEnergy Solutions is well positioned to continue to grow our earnings contribution. We have a proven sales team that will maximize our margins as we grow sales in our region. Our seasoned fuel and unit dispatch teams have a strong track record of delivering superior value from our assets. And our close integration with Bill Byrd's risk team, combined with our conservative approach, will ensure steady, predictable results year-over-year. Like to thank you for your time this morning. Now I'll open it up for questions.
Unknown Analyst - : It seems like one of the big opportunities with the Allegheny purchase was to essentially take their -- how they're selling their power and market it in a more efficient way. Could you maybe talk about the competitive landscape going forward? It seems like last week, we had another announcement that Constellation and Exelon are trying to achieve the same thing and how does that play into your strategy going forward and do you see risks in the competitive marketplace because of that?
Donald Schneider: That's a great question. Relative to Constellation and Exelon, two very, very good companies, obviously, they're going to be very competitive. But one thing that I look at it is that: A, it's good for the marketplace. Constellation and Exelon think very similar to us when it comes to the construct of the marketplace. And so in a lot of ways, I think that they'll be an ally in helping to push forward some of our initiatives on the way that marketplace ought to develop. So sure, they'll be a tough competitor. But in the main, I think it'll be good for us to have that help that we need to push the marketplace forward.
Unknown Analyst - : Have you guys, I guess, try to continue to expand the retail business and maybe go broaden markets, does that -- or would you guys have interest in acquiring further assets? Is that going to eventually lead to that strategy? I mean, obviously, that's at bat, so the areas where you don't have assets, it kind of leads to the conclusion that, that would be somewhere you would be going.
Donald Schneider: Yes, I think really your question is around growth. And I think initially, in the timeframe that we're talking about here, we would look at growth from our existing asset base as we mentioned, as I think Jim mentioned, we're looking at 3 terawatt hours of additional output. Obviously, within our home and close-to-home markets, there's ample opportunity to take those terawatt hours to the marketplace. In addition to that, we'll continue to work on reducing our costs to help grow our earnings contribution. So I think if there's anything from an asset procurement, it would probably be quite a ways down the line.
Unknown Analyst - : Yes, Donny, could you be a little more detailed on the coal strategies and just maybe a little more explicit on where can you source coal more effectively? And in that context, just the risk of higher transport costs given the energy environment we're in and have you encompassed that in your forecasts?
Donald Schneider: Sure. That's a great question, Steve and I'll take the 30,000-foot shot at it and then I might ask Jim to get a little more specific. Over the last 15 years, one of the things that we've really perfected at FirstEnergy Solutions is being able to take advantage of fuels that are not necessarily attractive to most of the generators. We were one of the first movers to step into Powder River Basin in a big way, and we were able to do that with much less capital investment than some of our competitors. Years ago, we were burning some distressed coals. At one point, when I was running the Mansfield plant, we even burned petroleum coke. It's very high heat. There's some downsides to it. But the bottom line is, is that we will take advantage of every opportunity we can find to reduce our fuel cost.
James Pearson: As Donny said, we're going to look at all of the opportunities, all the different types of fuel blends. I can't give a lot of specifics. We have an RFP on the Street right now for a very wide spec of fuels and we will evaluate those on a delivered basis. Our strategy is to say, "What is the cheapest cost fuel delivered to the boiler?" So we're going to take the transportation costs into account in finding and executing the opportunities to create the value here.
Unknown Analyst - : Yes, my question is more on retail competition. As you increase your market share and penetrate other service areas, how are they reacting from a pricing point of view? Could this lead to a price war in the industry and lose the margins?
Donald Schneider: That's a great question about a price war, and I might ask Arthur, our Senior VP of Sales and Marketing to help me on that. Generally, we're not seeing that today. I don't know what the future would hold, but today, in a lot of cases where we've established long-term relationships, sometimes we'll go head-to-head against the competitor. Other times the customer, as long as the customer feels like we're treating them fairly and that our price is kind of in the range that they want to see, we're not seeing a lot of competition. So with that, maybe, Arthur, would you like to add anything?
Arthur Yuan: I would just say that it depends on the marketplace. I mean we're -- we see a lot of competition maybe in -- out east, for example, you'll see in PJM territories, specifically like in PT&L you may have 10 competitors, whereas in Duquesne you might have 3 or 4 competitors going after one RFP or one particular customer. So it really depends on the marketplace. Even in Illinois, for example, you'll see many competitors in ComEd territory. But you'll see quite a few less in Amory. So it really depends on the marketplace. And yes, we do expect to see more competition, but we've actually been holding our own pretty well without a lot of price compression in the marketplace, in the markets that we consider home.
Unknown Analyst - : Donny, two quick questions. The incremental 3 terawatt hours from running the Allegheny plants more efficiently, that's on top of the 110, so 113 ultimately? Or is that baked into that 110?
Donald Schneider: Jim's numbers and my numbers are consistent. So when you look at the slide, I think the 3 terawatt hours are burnt into the slides in 2013.
Unknown Analyst - : Got you. And then the second part is, relative to your revenue slide, it looks like the 110 terawatt hours and $6.6 billion of revenue somewhere in the neighborhood of $60, which looks like that $59 that you're expecting. How do you maintain those revenues flat over time from '11, '12 and '13 with capacity prices falling somewhere near $450 million, $470 million.
Donald Schneider: Yes, so that's a great question. And I would have been surprised if I didn't get that question. I think you're probably referring to Slide 38 in the appendix, Slide 37 in the appendix. So on Slide 37 of our appendix, we provided more detail than we have in the past. You can see by year, by sales channel, what our volumes are, what our rates are expected to be and, of course, then the resulting revenue. And so the real question comes down to this: What is my level of confidence of being able to achieve those sales rates at those prices? And it's a very high. If you look at those glide paths that I showed earlier, and that Bill Byrd showed earlier, for 2012, today we have about 66% of the volume locked down. We didn't show the corresponding revenue, but I look at it every week, and today we have about 66% of the revenue locked down. For 2013, we have about 1/3 of our volume locked down. We have about 1/3 of our revenue. So right now, we're right on glide path for both volume and revenue. So confidence is very high.
Unknown Analyst - : On the government aggregation, you have your projected volumes growing by 30%. It's my understanding, some of the states are not, like Pennsylvania, are not in favor of aggregation. So is this primarily in Ohio, outside of your existing territory?
Donald Schneider: Well, let me address the Pennsylvania piece first. Pennsylvania is obviously working through a process. I think their objective is to figure out how to bring savings to retail customers. And we look forward to working with the state. I think our interests are aligned there. We would like to serve more customers and bring savings to those customers in Pennsylvania. But we'll just have to see how that plays out. State of Ohio, obviously, we've had good penetration. There's still quite a bit that we can do in the state of Ohio. In our Southern Ohio, what we refer to as close to home, we've made penetration in all but one EDC. From a government aggregation perspective, we're going to continue to push in those EDCs. And of course, Illinois has a government aggregation. And with that, I think I'll turn it over to Gary Leidich. Thank you.
Gary Leidich: Okay. Well, thank you very much, Donny, and good morning, everybody. It's delightful to see you all today. What I'd like to do is talk a little bit about kind of where we are with the Allegheny Energy and FirstEnergy integration process. Little bit of review on the process and kind of what we said we were going to do last May and what we are doing. Quite a bit on projected merger benefits and costs to achieve and how we measure those. Try to give you some very specific examples on some opportunities across the enterprise, probably you've already heard from a number of speakers on what we're doing in, particularly in the operating side of the business. I want to spend a little bit of time in tracking the merger benefits. Most companies go through these grand announcements, and as they're end of the merger, they declare victory about how well they're doing, but they really have a hard time trying to figure out if they're really getting what they said they were going to do. And I want to talk about the process that we have in place to ensure that we do what we say we're going to do and that the merger benefits are very real and they're tangible, and they're highly transparent within the organization. And then finally, what I'm going to do is a little bit of translation because most of my presentation is in cash. And then, of course, you're all interested in earnings, so we'll do a little bit of translation from how we look at it from a team perspective with cash, and then translating that to the earnings benefit. Talk a little bit about the process. So let me start with that. A number of us have been involved in several mergers, and I was talking during the break, I won't mention any industry veteran’s name in public to embarrass you guys, but it's hard to believe that we put Cleveland Electric and Toledo Edison together 25 years ago this month. And that was kind of the beginning of many, many mergers that happened in our business. It was a rough and wild ride. I recall it very vividly. But the point is, a number of us have been through many transactions, and a number of folks on our core team that worked on this particular merger have been involved in all 4 of FirstEnergy's mergers. So we bring a tremendous amount of experience to bear. And from that perspective, this merger was really fairly straightforward for us. We had about 100 core team members, about 50-50 split between Allegheny and FirstEnergy. Again, tremendous experience. We spent 7 months full time in Akron. We also had a team of folks dedicated to the retail side of the business, and because of the competitive situation, they were FirstEnergy-only individuals. So Donny and his team started working on what we would do from a retail strategy long before day one. We had about a dozen teams that were on the ground, and I think we did a fairly efficient process. We were well positioned going into day one, really ahead of the regulatory process. We had a lot of executive oversight. The executives that are here today comprised that oversight, in addition to the Allegheny folks. We had about 10 executives on a steering committee that provided continuous oversight of the process. So the same people that run the company were those that were involved in inventing the combined company to begin with. And then finally, we had a standalone financial team rather than burden all the teams with all the number crunchings. We've been through that in the past. We had a financial team that was really sharply focused on tracking what we call the most important thing in the merger benefits, which are the cash. And it's very straightforward, for operating types and individuals in the organization not familiar with financials to make sure that we stay sharply focused on something that is very simple. So as we went through the entire integration process, we stayed very focused on cash. And at the end, we converted that to earnings, for noncash items and it just gets away from a lot of confusion and a lot of challenges. So as I talk to you today, the bulk of my discussion will be on cash, focused on the first 3 years of the transaction. Obviously, the company's kind of morphed together after year 2 and 3, so we get into year 3, 4 and 5 and we will sort of lose track of this, and that's fine. The most important thing is the first year or 2, to make sure that we implement the strategies that we said we were going to implement. Now those strategies include O&M opportunities, revenue uplift, savings associated with capital as well. So we have all of different slices of cash in our approach here. So let's look at the big picture. This is 2 pie charts, first of all the gross and the gross cost to achieve. The total net is $1.3 billion over the 3-year period. This is the first 3 years on the merger. The first 3 years of the merger, I will get to translating that to '11, '12 and '13 when I get to the end. Given that the merger didn't close until March 25. Those first 3 years, that benefit is $1.6 billion in terms of cash savings. Most of that as you can see is in retail market operations, fuel and generation side of the business. When we announced this transaction to begin with, we said this is a great opportunity to bring the generation footprint together and to implement a retail strategy, which we've talked about in the last couple hours in Allegheny service territories. So that what we're doing and lo and behold, that's where the benefits come out. We also had a fair amount at the corporate center and Utility Operations. And I'll talk more about those. In terms of costs to achieve, like all mergers, there's a pretty significant IT or information technology cost to achieve. That's about $100 million for us, pretty substantial portion of the total and, of course, there's also employee costs in terms of severances and relocations and so forth. Our generation operations costs to achieve, Jim referred to that generally when he was talking about the money that we have to invest in the Allegheny facilities to improve reliability. So there is an investment there that we need to make over the first few years of this to get that additional 3 million megawatt hours that both Jim and Donny talked about. So breaking this down a little bit, let's first talk about the retail fuels and generation fleet operations, about 60% of the total over the 3-year period. Donny mentioned, deploying the Allegheny competitive fleet into the retail sales channels comprises a pretty significant portion of this. We also have a number of capital projects that we've deferred on the generation footprint. In fact, when I get to utility ops, it's the same issue. We defer a lot of capital, cancel a lot of capital. Our approach on capital expenditures was different from Allegheny's. So we took FirstEnergy's approach and said, "Hey let's implement that approach in the combined fleet," and that resulted in a fair amount of savings in both energy delivery and in this particular piece with the generation fleet. Economies of scale across 35 to 40 million tons of coal. You've heard from Jim and Donny just a bit ago on coal procurement and we have a lot going on there. But we also have significant synergies in Transportation. Last May, we talked about, we probably have barges passing in the Ohio River between the Allegheny procurement of coal and FirstEnergy and we sort of quipped about that as a humorous example, while the reality is we do have that. And what we've found is significant synergies in transportation, both in the barge side of it, in river transportation and also on rail transportation. Allegheny brings us some expertise there and we have substantial expertise in rail transportation. So we have a number of opportunities there that we're exploiting, and the team's doing a very good job there. They also mentioned coal blending. We will be implementing blending at our fossil plants, reduces overall costs, we're getting synergies and improved performance at the facilities as a result of that. Jim mentioned the centralized maintenance operations. I'll give you a number there. Over a 3-year period, it's a $40 million to $50 million savings and what we're really doing there is trading contractors for our own people. And we expect the quality of the work to improve in the shop floor, and we also expect to be able to reduce our costs accordingly. If you think about the map that Jim showed you earlier in terms of where these plants are located, not unlike our 10 utilities on the generation side of the business, our 44 power plants, they're all in the same neighborhood. So Jim's going to be able to put a maintenance facility, a centralized shop and provide common resources that heretofore contractors provided at our facilities. And then finally, we've got dispatch opportunities in terms of our philosophy on the shop floor, and how we dispatch the unit into the grid. In terms of costs to achieve, it's not going to be free to get after this. We've got about $40 million to $45 million of investment in the generation fleet over the 3-year period. Jim showed you the outage schedule and what we need to do at some of their facilities, 1 or 2 modifications. All of those things, very sharply focused on improving reliability. So we're trading off some lesser important capital expenditures for reliability improvement capital expenditures. In utility ops side of the picture, about 22% of the total over the 3-year period and Chuck talked about a few of these things. Capital philosophy. We have a planning criteria. Allegheny has a planning criteria. Naturally, they're different. All utilities are different. And we apply our planning criteria to the Allegheny distribution fleet and we get savings. We get the ability to defer projects and cancel capital projects. We also talk about the asset management side of the business and being able to control those capital projects with a simple asset management group, our ability to improve storm response, vegetation management, obviously, the call centers, our customer service. And again, if you look at the map, these 10 utilities are all in the same neighborhood, so we have a tremendous opportunity there. I didn't mention supply chain and generation, but we also have supply chain savings in utility operations as well. In fact, our total cash supply chain savings over the 3-year period is approaching $200 million of that $1.3 billion. In terms of costs to achieve, we have gone to a decentralized maintenance approach. That cost is under $10 million and that's been well implemented already. So we're well along on that. So you can see here significant benefits with really a very modest cost to achieve. And finally, on the corporate center, this is really sort of the normal routine kinds of issues that you would see in a merger. Let me give you a couple specific examples. Probably, the best one, the easiest one for us to talk about certainly is the IT support. In the case of information technology, a few years ago, Allegheny made the decision to outsource their IT function. Well, we can bring that back in-house, which we're doing as a result of the integration that's already being implemented and the savings for that is $30 million to $40 million over the 3-year period. Just to give you a couple of metrics there, there's about 250 contractors that we will displace with literally a handful of FirstEnergy employees because the synergies are very real in terms of IT programming, both applications and mainframe SAP-kind of projects. On the SAP front, we will need the first year to fully integrate the 2 platforms. Both companies had SAP, so we were delighted at the beginning that was going to work out very well and naturally they were different versions and different revisions, so we still have about $100 million expense there to go through. And that first year, as you could see in the cost to achieve is most of that. And then also in this category is elimination of a lot of duplicative corporate functions; a long list of issues. Insurance is a good example, about $15 million of savings over the 3 years. So we could go through a long list, a laundry list of items that's really very typical when you put 2 companies together here.  Other than the IT, I would characterize this as a very normal kind of transaction. We have been very focused on ensuring that we minimize the job loss in the communities we serve. Of course, that was part of our regulatory process to achieve the approval necessary on the merger. So we're very sensitive to that.  So a lot of this is contracting costs, capital costs, out-of-pocket costs, supply chains, suppliers, vendors and so forth, as opposed to sort of the employees. Like many utilities, our demographics are such that we will achieve significant reductions just through attrition itself over the next several years. So we expect that to happen. And we're working now to try to find the sweet spot, if you will, in terms of headcount for the overall corporation. So again, you have all these ideas, you have all this savings, you have all this sort of advertisement about how well you've done, and that's on the drawing board. And the real challenge is making sure that gets fully executed day-to-day on the shop floor.  So what we've done as we've taken the entire merger process which is about 289 initiatives, we've combined those, we've restructured those, we've repackaged those. And each of -- I was going to introduce my team earlier here on the stage. I have my own personal panel, but actually that panel is sitting in the room. And that panel is the executives within the company that are accountable and responsible for achieving their 3-year targets. We sliced the first year of that up into a KPI, so we have a KPI for the executives for merger synergies for 2011. Again, we took the first year, we took 10 months of that and said here is the target. So part of our variable pay is focused on how well we do in 2011 in terms of getting these synergy savings off to a good start. So we've boiled the entire process down to the 65 initiatives that you see here across the different business units that you also see here.  So there's tremendous amount of transparency on these initiatives, there's a high level of accountability and responsibility. And as we go through the process, particularly this year and into next year, we will hold ourselves accountable for achieving what we said we were going to do. And we'll provide periodic updates to you in the investment community as well. Finally then, to translate this to earnings, there's a couple of things going on here. First of all, this is a 3-year look but we've now put it in terms of calendar year. So this is the earnings impact in 2011, '12 and '13. So what you saw before was a 3-year look, which starts as of day one. This is a 3-year calendar look. And then we've also translated all that cash into earnings, so this synchronizes with what Mark showed you earlier in terms of the pretax earnings uplift as a result of the combination of these companies. You can see here the pretax commodity margin portion of it and the O&M portion of it. And again, the corporate center takes a little bit of a bigger slice here because there's noncash earning items that come into the picture. But you can also see that the generation footprint, the retail fuels and fleet operations is still a substantial portion of the value for this transaction. So the fundamental strategy for this transaction remains unchanged.  So the bottom line is a lot of learnings from the past. You can't be successful without a very structured process. We had a very structured process throughout the summer into the fall and through the winter with the integration teams, and now we have a very structured process particularly in 2011 to ensure that we achieve what we said we were going to do.  The strategic values are really across the enterprise, a number of pleasant surprises in what I discussed in my commentary. The fuel guys are particularly modest. But if you think about fuel, and we've got about $2-plus billion annual expense in fuel, the fuel savings in this merger are in the range of $100 million over the 3-year period, and that includes transportation and everything. So a tremendous opportunity in fuel.  And just when you look at transportation, I'll give you an anecdote on fuel. At any given day, we've got $50 million worth of coal in transit somewhere either on a barge, a rail set, on a way to a power plant, from a mine to a storage location. So the transportation opportunities alone are tremendous, and the team is going after that. The complementary assets, the geography, the footprint, the neighborhood, makes all of this very achievable. We've also found that the cultures are very similar. Western Pennsylvania's a place we know how to do business in; we know the people, we know the employees. The plants are very similar to ours; some are identical. Tremendous amount of interchangeability among the various pieces parts in our power plants and in utility operation. Again, we've got a high level of discipline and are tracking to ensure that we achieve the results, and the earnings benefit really give us a great bridge through these challenging economic times. Timing for this transaction is absolutely perfect.  When we announced this deal last February, we said is a great opportunity to put 2 solid companies together. And you know what? That's what's happening. We are achieving this great opportunity to put these solid companies together. So with that, take any questions anybody has and then I'll turn it over to Tony. Do we have any questions? I knew they were all answered already. All right, well I'm not foolish. I'm not going to ask twice. I'll turn it back over to Tony. Thank you very much.
Anthony Alexander: Well, thanks again for joining us today. I'd also like to thank my team, not only for their presentations today but for their diligence in executing our strategy. This team has a track record of doing what they say it's going to do. We said we'd separate our generating assets and we did, and we're the only utility in Ohio to do so. We said we'd successfully transition to competitive electric markets in Ohio. We did and now the others in the state are scrambling to catch up.  When the economy dropped in 2009, we said we'd achieve $350 million in O&M savings. We did, and those savings are still benefiting our company because they produced a lower cost structure. And we said we'd complete our merger even when the regulatory environment seemed unreceptive to M&A activity. We did, and the merger will be accretive this year ahead of our initial expectations.  Today, we've described our plans for achieving strong financial results with consistent earnings, positive cash flow and a strong balance sheet. We've described how we'll grow our competitive business, accomplish steady improvement in our distribution business and achieve the benefits of the merger. And I'm very confident that this team will, in fact, deliver on these commitments. It is an exciting time for FirstEnergy, and we're looking forward to taking advantage of the opportunities this market, this new organization, this business and our industry will bring to us.  Thank you very much. Now I'll take some questions, if you have any.
Unknown Analyst - : Tony, just one clarification I wanted. To what extent are those merger benefits on the commodity side based upon current forwards?
Anthony Alexander: There's been a lot of confusion with respect to forwards and how they look at our commodity margin that we're showing as merger savings. The fact of the matter is, the way we look at it is where the margin opportunity is, and the forward prices are not impacting the margin expectations that we laid out initially, or the margin expectations that we're using today with respect to our ability to capture those as part of the merger benefits. So it's really a margin analysis difference between what Allegheny could achieve given their strategy versus our strategy of going to retail.
Unknown Analyst - : So that $59 of expected revenue is good at the current curve?
Anthony Alexander: Yes, it is. As Donny said, he's already locked down about 33%-or-more of it. Well, while I'm waiting for another question, there's one thing I'd like to clarify for everyone. There was a question asked earlier, I think to Jim about the timing associated with capital expenditures for environmental expenditures that we might anticipate as the result of the new rules. Obviously, the 2012 and 2013 capital budgets have a line item that say it could be up to $100 million, and that is burned into the numbers that you've seen today. What we're looking at from the standpoint of additional cost to cover the $2 billion to $3 billion that we may have to spend depending on how the rules work out. The way we're looking at those is basically, we're not likely to see those in this time frame in any significant or substantial amount above what we've already identified. We probably wouldn't start construction on any of those types of facilities until very late in 2013, if then. So it's more likely a 2014 and '15 type of event or beyond. So I hope that clarifies how we're looking at it at this point in time. Right now, we think the $100 million that we have in the budgets for '12 and '13 will help us get through probably the initial kinds of engineering work that's going to be necessary before you can decide what you're going to do at each specific site.
Unknown Analyst - : And Tony, just to further clarify on the $2 billion to $3 billion of environmental. How much of that would potentially be in the merchant business as opposed to regulated generation?
Anthony Alexander: Well, at this point, almost all of that would be in the competitive side of the business. It's all dealing with supercritical plants. We would not anticipate expenditures on the non-supercritical facilities.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. Is there -- would you care to speculate on sort of where that money would be spent? Would it be on scrubbers or bag houses, and sort of what units?
Anthony Alexander: I don't -- every unit's going to have to be looked at individually. We only have one supercritical unit that is not scrubbed at this point. Every other supercritical unit we have is scrubbed. Many of them have SCRs on them. Many of them have advanced precipitation equipment on them. Some of our facilities already have bag houses on them. So much of what's going to take place over the next year or so is to understand how all the rules work at a specific site because there's site averaging allowed in some of the rules and how you apply them. So as we look at each facility, each unit, then we'll decide what's the best compliance strategy to meet the requirements that may be in existence for that facility. So again, it's very, very site-specific in the main. You're probably talking about bag houses in many areas and that type of retrofit. But the rest of the basic equipment on our supercritical fleet is in pretty good shape in terms of having scrubbers on, having SCRs on many of the units, having cooling towers on many of the facilities. I mean, we're -- our fleet itself is fairly modern with respect to pollution control equipment at this point.
Unknown Analyst - : I was wondering if you could discuss the funds from operation forecast. It trails down between '11 through '13. And I want to make sure that the roll down is basically, I think, a loss of depreciation like regulatory mechanics, is that right?
Anthony Alexander: I'll have Mark get into that, but I think the largest component of that drop off in cash is the bonus depreciation going away. So you're seeing increased federal income taxes at that point, which are not otherwise offset in '11 and '12.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. So the 3 to 3.2, that would be barring any material changes in market prices, et cetera. That is kind of a good steady state number to think about?
Anthony Alexander: Yes.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. With your asset sale proceeds of $800 million to $900 million, does that incorporate -- is that just true cash or does that incorporate like if you had debt on Signal Peak that, that debt may be retired? Like how do I think about that number?
Anthony Alexander: Well, that is the cash component of it. The Signal Peak, as you know, we do consolidate the debt at Signal Peak even though we don't own 100% of that asset. That debt on sale would be deconsolidated. So it would no longer be part of the debt structure of the company.
Unknown Analyst - : But then that would be in your debt reduction target of like $1.5 billion to $2.2 billion?
Anthony Alexander: Yes.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. And then you didn't -- I see debt-to-cap targets but I didn't see any FFO-to-debt numbers, and I was wondering if you could talk to where you expect FFO-to-debt to trend towards at the different, like at the unregulated, the corp and maybe the utility generally.
Anthony Alexander: I'm going to turn that over to Mark. I think they're all going to be with inside the credit rating metrics. So Mark, if you want to add any more color than that, go ahead.
Mark Clark: You did so well on the first 2 questions. We are targeting investment grade, our desire is to move it to the middle of the B range across the board, and the FFO targets that we have would align to that.
Unknown Analyst - : Tony, you talked in the generation discussion about deferring certain Allegheny capital projects. Could you, a, maybe quantify how much of that is a benefit? And secondly, are they deferred or a combination of deferred and canceled? And in what sort of time frame for the deferred would that come back to you?
Anthony Alexander: That's why I asked Gary to be up here. I'm not -- again, I look at the company from the standpoint of overall processes. Obviously, things get deferred, they get pushed back, they might be added in at a later point. Things have, in fact, been canceled. And I think it's a balance overall every year as we look at the capital budgets. Gary, do you have anything else you want to add on that or have some examples?
Gary Leidich: Yes, it's a combination of deferred and canceled projects. And the range is about $200 million to $250 million over the 3-year period. A number of different things, not any one big thing sticks out. But I will tell you in the early years, particularly in '12, there were some environmental projects that Allegheny was going to do that we're not going to do. We're going to see how the game gets played. And so consistent with our environmental strategy, which is let's see how this plays out, as Tony alluded to, those expenditures are more likely to come in, in the '14, '15 time frame. So we're not going to do anything we don't need to do. It's that simple.
Unknown Analyst - : Tony, Mark had mentioned earlier that the debt paydown would -- may or may not happen depending on how big a premium it would be to pay down some of the debt and it would be a net-type number where you kind of keep cash on the balance sheet. How can you help us mitigate the potential temptation to deploy that cash while it's on the balance sheet? And how long would you expect to kind of keep that cash there to maintain that net number that Mark was talking about?
Anthony Alexander: I'll like, lay it out for you, that is our expectation, that is in fact how we're going to manage this business. So whether or not we have opportunities to take out longer-term debt with high premiums, that's just a function of what's the best use of your cash. We clearly have opportunities to take out pollution-control notes that can also be issued at a later date when it becomes more advantageous, if you will, to take and pay additional call premiums on longer-term debt. So there are ways to balance it. We'll hold the debt. We know what we need to accomplish over the next several years. We've laid out a game plan for you, and that's the game plan we're going to follow.
Unknown Analyst - : Just some clarification on your unscrubbed coal plants. Are you -- am I interpreting you correctly that you're still trying to ascertain how many of those plants you might scrub or shut depending on how the final rules come out? Or do you have an idea in your mind of how many megawatts do you might ultimately shut? And then additionally, about your competitors sort of around you, as you look at the competitive market, how many megawatts do you think will be shutting around you based on HAP/MACT?
Anthony Alexander: I think somebody already earlier today talked about how many megawatts they think people will shut down potentially in PJM. I'm more focused on what we need to do as a company. And as I look at our options right now, many of the smaller older coal fire fleet just simply would not be economic to put on additional environmental equipment. It's far more economic for us to use that capital that we would have otherwise deployed in a 50-year-old plant to either modernize the fleet someplace else along the mining of the asset strategy that we've laid out, to spend more dollars in terms of making the plants that we already have more efficient, the ones that will in fact survive or to add to the fleet by either expanding at the compressed air facility or expanding our gas facility at West Lorain. So I think those are the trade-offs you make. The best part about FirstEnergy portfolio at this point is that, in fact, it has options within its fleet to replace the generation that might otherwise be lost as a result of these new environmental requirements. And that loss, I think, is identified as about 9 million megawatt hours a year, so not a significant part of the overall fleet generation and well within our capability of increasing the performance of our other facilities to cover.
Unknown Analyst - : Just a follow-up on the debt reduction and having this net debt number. Have you considered actually defeasing some of the debt because that would actually accomplish the same thing?
Mark Clark: We've looked at all the different options. We also think interest rates are going to go up, premiums will come down. There are some issues that we can get today. There's $500 million due at Allegheny Energy Supply next year, $300 million due at CEI. So there's a lot of debt already coming due, not significant, but still out there. And we have looked at that specifically.
Anthony Alexander: Okay. Again, thank you very much for your support. We truly do appreciate it at FirstEnergy. And we are working to make this company a very special place to work and a very special place for our shareholders. Thank you for your interest.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-16 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Harvey Wagner - Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President, Controller, Vice President of FirstEnergy Service, Vice President of FirstEnergy Solutions Corp., Controller of FirstEnergy Service and Controller of FirstEnergy Solutions Corp Irene Prezelj - Manager, IR W. Byrd - Chief Risk Officer and Vice President of Corporate Risk Anthony Alexander - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director James Pearson - Vice President and Treasurer Mark Clark - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital Edward Heyn - Catapult Raymond Leung - Goldman Sachs Ivana Ergovic - Jefferies & Co Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Irene Prezelj, Director of Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you, Ms. Prezelj, you may begin.
Irene Prezelj: Thanks, Doug, and welcome, everyone. During this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp. are based on current expectations but are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements.  Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated report to the financial community, which was released earlier today and is also available on our website under the earnings release link. Reconciliations to GAAP for the non-GAAP earnings measures we will be referring to today are also contained in that report, as well as on the Investor Information section on our website at www.firstenergycorp.com/ir.  Participating in today's call are Tony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Clark, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Harvey Wagner, Vice President and Controller; Jim Pearson, Vice President and Treasurer; Bill Byrd, Vice President of Corporate Risk; and Ron Seeholzer, Vice President of the Investor Relations. I'll now turn the call over to Tony.
Anthony Alexander: Thanks, Irene, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I'll provide a brief review of 2010 and recent developments, and then Mark will provide more details about the fourth quarter and other financial matters.  First, looking back to 2010, in a challenging year of soft power prices, we benefited from the successful execution of our competitive strategy, holding the line on costs, a modest recovery in industrial sales and some favorable weather. This morning, we reported 2010 basic non-GAAP earnings of $3.62 per share, which is in line with our updated guidance of $3.60 to $3.70 per share. We also generated $3.1 billion in net cash from operating activities during the year.  Several key events in 2010 helped set the stage for 2011 and beyond. I'll go through these kind of one by one for you. First in Ohio, our utilities received approval for our second comprehensive Electric Security Plan, which will be in effect from June 1, 2011 through May 31, 2014. In Pennsylvania, we had a series of auctions that were held for the procurement of Default Service Supply for Met-Ed and Penelec customers. That completes the groundwork for the final move to competitive generation markets that took place for those companies on January 1st of this year.  Our Ohio companies participated in the interim PJM capacity auctions, so that we are now in a position to complete the move of our ATSI transmission assets and operations in to PJM by June 1, 2011. We safely completed the Davis-Besse outage and the related control rod nozzle modifications. We also are accelerating our plans to replace the reactor head at Davis-Besse. This will take place in the fall of 2011 and is expected to take future control rod issues off the table. And we submitted our application to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to renew Davis-Besse's operating license. The application was accepted as filed, and we are moving forward to keep this important asset productive for years to come.  We accelerated some of our work activities that were originally planned for future periods during the fourth quarter of this year, such as environmental remediation projects at Mad River and Edgewater plants and the safe disposition of low-level nuclear waste that was at our facilities. While these actions increased our fourth quarter nuclear and increase of fossil O&M, we are pleased to have these important environmental obligations behind us along with the related expenses as we begin 2011.  Now I'll take a few moments to discuss some more recent developments. In Pennsylvania, a power auction took place on January 18th through the 20th and that completed the process to establish default service price for Met-Ed, Penelec and Penn Power customers for one- and two-year delivery periods beginning June 1, 2011. And on January 25, our Ohio utilities conducted the second in a series of six auctions to secure generation for the 2011 through 2014 timeframe. The January clearing prices were slightly higher than those from the first auction in October.  In the January auction, FirstEnergy Solutions was one of seven successful bidders winning three one-year tranches and three three-year tranches. Combined with the tranches we won in October, FES will be supplying 26% of the Ohio companies' POLR generation requirements beginning in June of this year. This is very much in line with our strategy of balancing our overall competitive portfolio between direct, aggregation, POLR and wholesale sales. At this point, more than 96% of our 2011 forecasted generation output is committed to direct retail sales, government aggregation and POLR auctions. And for 2012, 65% of our output is under contract.  In the fourth quarter, FES continued to successfully acquire customers and markets outside our utility service territories. We entered several new markets in Pennsylvania and southern Ohio, and we continue to expand our direct sales efforts in Illinois, Michigan and Maryland. As a result of this strategic regional expansion, last year, we doubled our sales outside of Ohio.  At this point, I'm very pleased with our retail sales efforts. We are growing this business, reducing our overall risk and positioning the company for growth as market prices and the economy improve.  I'm moving now to just a couple of generation matters. First, last November, we announced that market conditions no longer supported our plans to repower units four and five of the R.E. Burger plant that was intended to principally be a biomass conversion. Those units were permanently shut down at the end of the year. While we were disappointed having to make that decision, we determined that repowering the plant would no longer be cost effective.  We also plan to continue operating certain of our lake plant units on three-day notices for the foreseeable future. Again, this is in response to the continued slow economy, the lower demand for electricity and uncertainty related to potential new federal environmental regulations.  In December, we sold a 6.6% participation interest in the output of the Ohio Valley Electric Corporation to a subsidiary of Wolverine Power Supply Cooperative for $100 million. The sale involves approximately 150 megawatts of capacity from OVEC's generating facilities in southern Ohio and southern Indiana.  And last week, we signed a nonbinding memorandum of understanding to sell the Fremont Energy Center to American Municipal Power. Assuming we come to agreement on definitive terms for the deal, AMP Ohio would execute a binding purchase agreement in March of 2011. The sale of Fremont to AMP is consistent with our efforts to divest nonstrategic assets and use those proceeds to provide us with additional financial resources to reduce debts and increase our financial flexibility.  Finally, we continue to make progress towards completion of our merger with Allegheny Energy, receiving approvals from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and the states of West Virginia and Maryland, as well as the completion of the review process by the United States Department of Justice. All of that occurred since our last call. We are awaiting the final regulatory approval from the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission. The Commission will meet again next week, and we are hopeful that they will support the stipulated agreement and recommendation of the administrative law judge. We continue to expect the transaction to close this quarter.  As we start a new year, I'm confident in our company, our assets and our people. We are well-positioned to fully capture market-based opportunities and continue to drive efficiencies across our organization. Now here's Mark to discuss the fourth quarter.
Mark Clark: Thanks, Tony, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm going to walk you through our fourth quarter results, some of our 2010 metrics and then I'll share a few preliminary thoughts on 2011.  As Tony said, our full year 2010 results were in line with our guidance, which was revised to the upper end of the original range in August. Also as Tony mentioned, we were able to offset some of the early year headwinds with a better-than-normal weather experienced later in the year and slightly increased industrial sales. These, and other positives coupled with a strong cash position, allowed us to address several legacy issues in light of the pending merger. With the belief that the merger would close in his first quarter, which is earlier than we originally anticipated, we removed several potential distractions by accelerating items such as costs associated with negotiating coal contracts, disposing of radioactive waste being stored at our nuclear units and remediating some legacy issues associated with the Mad River and Edgewater plants, which had been planned for subsequent years.  In the aggregate, we moved $0.15 per share forward from the subsequent years, slightly less than half of that was associated with 2011. So even with the acceleration of these costs, we were able to remain within earnings guidance range. In short, we're very comfortable with where we ended the year.  As I walk through our fourth quarter results, it may be helpful for you to refer to the Consolidated Report to the Financial Community we issued this morning. Excluding special items, normalized non-GAAP basic earnings for the quarter were $0.71 per share compared to $0.77 per share in the fourth quarter of 2009. On a GAAP basis, this quarter's earnings were $0.61 per share compared to $0.78 per share last year. As you'll find detailed on Page 16 of the consolidated report, four special items decreased this quarter's GAAP earnings by a total of $0.10 per share.  By comparison, in the fourth quarter of 2009, special items increased GAAP earnings by $0.01 per share. The first of the 2010 special items was a $0.17 per share accounting impairment as a result of the Burger plant closing and additional costs related to the operational changes in several of our smaller coal-fired plants, which Tony previously mentioned. Importantly, these changes will result in cost savings that we expect will bring long-term benefits.  The second special item was $0.07 per share charge related to merger transaction costs. In prior quarters, these costs will continue to be expensed as incurred. For the year, merger transaction costs totaled $0.15 per share.  Third was a $0.02 per share impairment charge related to our nuclear decommissioning trust investments.  And finally, a gain of $0.16 per share from the sale of approximately 150 megawatts representing a portion of the participation interest in OVEC. As you may recall, we also sold an interest representing approximately 200 megawatts in May of 2009. This most recent transaction leaves us with 110 megawatts, which we will continue to market.  Now I'd like to outline the key drivers of our fourth quarter non-GAAP results starting with the positives. First is commodity margin, which increased earnings by $0.24 per share. A detailed summary of this item appears in the first three pages of the consolidated report including information on megawatt hour volumes and prices. Generation sales by our FirstEnergy Solutions subsidiary were 3.4 million megawatt hours above last year's period, or 23% increased. We are very pleased with the success of our competitive strategy. FES now serves nearly 1.5 million retail customers effectively tripling our competitive customer base year-over-year.  Wholesale sales were up 1.2 million megawatt hours, or 58% compared to the fourth quarter of 2009. Generation output for the quarter was 23%, above the prior year quarter or 3.6 million megawatt hours. The majority of this increase came from our baseload fossil units, total generation output for the full year of 2010 was 75.2 million megawatt hours, which exceeded our original forecast and was a 14% increase from 2009. With increased generation output and higher sales levels, we incurred higher fuel and purchase power expenses during the quarter.  The second positive fourth quarter driver was distribution deliveries. The economy and colder weather contributed to a 2% increase in overall deliveries, which benefited earnings by $0.03 per share. Residential customer usage increased slightly during the quarter, commercial deliveries were 2% higher than last year and industrial deliveries were up 3% compared to the fourth quarter of 2009, primarily due to higher usage by the steel industry. We continue seeing increased production at several steel plants in our region, as well as an increased operation at some of our automotive customers. For example, General Motors' large town plant ran three shifts in the fourth quarter of 2010 versus two shifts at the end of 2009. And the Ford Brookpark facility is operating two shifts instead of one.  I'll add here that for the full year of 2010, total distribution sales were 108 million megawatt hours, that's up 6% from 102 million megawatt hours in 2009. The increase was principally a combination of favorable weather, helping residential sales and stronger industrial sales. The industrial sector increased by 8% year-over-year. At the end of 2010, industrial sales have recovered to about 90% of 2007's peak levels. As we continue to close that gap, the expectation is that we will begin to see prices strengthen, along with the growing demand.  Returning to other fourth quarter drivers. Earnings increased by $0.04 per share from higher investment income generated by our nuclear decommissioning trust, $0.02 per share due to increased capitalized interest and $0.01 per share increase from lower depreciation expense.  There were three notable items that add a negative impact on fourth quarter results. Higher general taxes, mostly revenue related, reduced earnings by $0.05 per share; the absence of an income tax adjustment that benefited last year's fourth quarter resulted in an 18% share earnings decrease compared to last year; and higher operation and maintenance costs decreased earnings by $0.18 per share. The quarter-over-quarter O&M increase primarily reflects accelerated expenditures in our generation business, as we mentioned earlier, and a shift in the nature of work performed in our Energy Delivery business from capital-type work in the fourth quarter of 2009 to activities that received expense treatment in 2010. While the timing issues increased expenses for the quarter, full year O&M was essentially flat when compared to 2009, as we continue to hold the line on cost.  Now let me spend a few moments on full year 2010 pension expense. Pension expense decreased by $9 million compared to '09 helping 2010 earnings by $0.02 per share. OPEB expense decreased by $50 million or a benefit of $0.10 per share. The actual return on pension assets was 11.2% and on an ABO basis, the plan was 83% funded at the end of December 2010.  For 2011, we are assuming a discount rate of 5.5% for pension and 5% for OPEB, both down from last year's rates. We are also lowering our pension asset return rate assumption from 8.5% to 8.25%.  Like many companies, we are favorably affected by the tax legislation passed in December. We received, actually several days ago, incremental cash of approximately $60 million for 2010 and expect $300 million in 2011 and $200 million in 2012. In addition to the tax legislation, we will receive approximately $170 million in tax settlements dating back to 2001. When you also consider the memorandum of understanding for the anticipated sale of our Fremont facility and the expected 2011 free cash flow from operations, we are in a position to have a very strong free cash flow for the year. We expect to use this cash to continue to reduce the amount of our outstanding debt. We have previously communicated this important aspect of our overall financial strategy, and we are delivering on that promise. In 2011, we plan to continue strengthening the balance sheet by further reducing the amount of debt outstanding and building cash reserves.  And so, despite the challenges we faced in 2010, including the decision to accelerate the reactor vessel head replacement at Davis-Besse and continued soft power prices, we made headwind in our debt reduction goals, we produced strong earnings and we positioned our competitive business to take advantage of future improvements in power prices. We believe we've laid a strong foundation for continued progress in these areas, as well as the integration of Allegheny Energy.  As you know, teams of employees have worked throughout the year to prepare for the merger. We believe the combined company's 2011 outlook is solid and we are confident that we will achieve substantial merger synergies. We'll provide much more detail for 2011 and beyond after the merger is complete, but I wanted to share with you my early thoughts on how things are shaping up.  On a final note, we look to schedule an analyst meeting once the merger closes, and we will communicate the date to the financial community as soon as we can. Thanks again for joining us today. We are certainly looking forward to a strong year in 2011, and I believe our prospects for future success are excellent. Now I'd like to open up the call to your questions. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Dan Eggers from Credit Suisse Group.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: This relates to the -- last quarter you guys gave 2011 earnings drivers and they weren't included this year or this quarter. If we were to think about change from last quarter O&M should be down by bringing O&M forward from the fourth quarter and then you're going to have a higher tax expense without the industrial manufacturing tax credit benefit. Are there any other changes we should be thinking about, since the last set of impact drivers?
Mark Clark: Dan, this is Mark. I think two things. One, we alluded to accelerating some expenses from '11 into '10, and then I'm going to let Harvey speak to the manufacturing issue.
Harvey Wagner: Dan, we really didn't see much benefit in 2010 from the manufacturing deduction. We had an adjustment when we filed our 2009 cash return, that pretty much offset what we would have otherwise generated in 2010. So comparing 2010 to 2011, you really won't see much difference.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: When you guys gave the drivers last quarter, were you anticipating to return to the 1099 credits that would've been a relief in the way you guys are looking forward to the year? Or was that not anticipated when you guys gave the last set of drivers?
Harvey Wagner: It wasn't explicitly addressed but, again, those numbers really aren't very material.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Then you guys talked about coal re-contracting in the quarter as you're tidying up things before the merger closed. Can you just share a little more thought on what all went into that, and will it lead to any more meaningful deviation from the increase in cost you guys did anticipate in the last quarter?
Mark Clark: Dan, I think, one example would be the Mad River legacy remediation. That was going to happen in 2011. We elected to move that forward. Some people might have seen how we handled that. It was a YouTube special because the tower fell in the wrong direction, unfortunately. Another item would be our nuclear people asked if they could accelerate some rad [radioactive] waste removal. Eventually, they were going to have remove it. It wasn't in any of our game plans, but since we were having a strong quarter, we agreed to move some of that forward. That gave them some more operational flexibility. It also, kind of, took that issue off the table from having to deal with for a while. So there are a number odds and ends on that -- as I said, about half of it were things that were out in the future like rad waste and some of the things were more current like the Mad River, which would've been an '11 item.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: I thought I heard Tony say that there were higher fuel expenses or that you guys did some re-contracting the quarter for 2011 and beyond to tidy things up with added extra cost. Is there any change in your fuel expense we should be thinking about? Or any change in either rail or coal contracts that you weren't anticipating before?
Mark Clark: No, what we did was -- the specific answer is no. What we this was cleaned up some contracts that would've been in '11. We just took care them in '10 but the aggregate answer is no.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: The potential sale of Fremont, is there going to be any other income statement impacts in 2011 beyond whatever you guys you have to do with the cash you'd bring in from selling the plant?
Mark Clark: I think we're going to speak to '11 in a lot more detail when we set up the post-merger call. But as we said, we're going to apply as much of that as we can to debt reduction and building up our cash reserves and those will have a positive impact as we go forward. And other than that, everything, probably, is pretty consistent with what we outlined before.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: You mentioned having 26 tranches for the May '11 to '12 period with higher POLR. I think if we do our math right, you have about half of that number of tranches for the second year currently. But then you've also disclosed this number of bringing 65% hedged in '12. Should we expect you to go after the same amount of a higher POLR as you have in the first year and into next auctions for year two, that have yet to happen? Or is this sort of part of the shrinking of POLR as part of the overall portfolio?
W. Byrd: Yes, this is Bill Byrd. I think it would be safe to expect that we decreased our POLR business over time. Our business objective is really to sign-up direct retail customers. And as we succeed with that, we'll be less interested in the POLR contract opportunities.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: So that 26 might be a high watermark effectively?
W. Byrd: Time will tell.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: Do you have any sense of what your -- what sales would would've been growth-wise in the fourth quarter, weather adjusted, maybe in the residential sector specifically and then as a whole?
Mark Clark: No, not really. We could -- I'm sure one of our folks can get it to you after the call.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Chin with Citigroup.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: Piggybacking off Jonathan's question, could you give a little bit more clarity on how many megawatt hours or terrawatt hours you were able to successfully sell in the different Ohio and Pennsylvania tranches?
Anthony Alexander: In POLR? Yes, we can probably give you that detail, Brian, but why don't you call back and try to get it. I don't know that we've got that level of granularity right here, right now.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: Can you give some thoughts on where you think RPMs, the capacity market, will likely trend in the next auction? Obviously, the PJM parameters came out and had little bit of changes in terms of transmission line constraints. So if you could give us your sense of what you think about the next auction, and when do you think western prices will converge with eastern prices?
W. Byrd: I ask our folks this question, specifically, in anticipation of a question like this. And obviously, the New Jersey legislation and associated FERC activity in the Maryland draft RFP creates a lot of, I'll say, regulatory uncertainty, which uncertainty is always, as a generality, tends to firm up pricing. We also are somewhat skeptical about the amount of demand response that we see participate in this program. We're cautiously expecting a little less. And all that put together, we think prices may firm up a little bit. I mean it's not going to dramatically be different than last year, but we think it can get stronger in the price.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: I would be curious -- maybe, Tony or others, on your thoughts on the new Chairman of the Ohio Commission, just kind of how well you know him? And kind of what -- any changes do you expect? And how they're addressing the implementation of SB 221? And maybe along those lines, just your thoughts because other companies have different perspectives on structure, the rate plans that you have, and just do you see any changes in structure?
Anthony Alexander: Steve, which one of those 10 questions you want me to answer first? I think the Governor made an excellent choice. Todd's a solid individual. He's been a good representative. He understands the process pretty well from a legislative standpoint in terms of any energy issues. And he's clearly a good choice for the role. So I think we should look forward to having a solid regulation in the state of Ohio with the leadership that's been put in place at this point. Let's see, the second question dealt with...
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: I think it's just kind of do you expect the structure and implementation of SB 221 to kind of continue along the way it has?
Anthony Alexander: Well, I think there's opportunities under 221, which all of us have taken advantage of to a certain extent in terms of having Electric Security Plans put in place. We were just successful in negotiating one last year. But there are limitations to how those can be utilized. So I think you'll see the Commission -- well, following its precedent, that's what Ohio Commissions have done typically over time. I think they'll be skeptical about some of the noise I've been hearing, respecting the ability to use Electric Security Plans to create large amounts of non-bypassable future charges. But doubts are going to get played out in those proceedings.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just a housekeeping question here on the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows, there's a $41 million non-cash benefit, it looks like from commodity derivative transaction. And I wasn't sure whether or not this was associated with the one-time charge of some sort or one-time gain or whether or not that's part of operating earnings. If you could just sort of elaborate a little bit on that?
Harvey Wagner: Paul, it's Harvey Wagner. As you know, some of these purchased power contracts get mark-to-market, and these are just the impacts of fair value adjustments. The offsets are pretty much in the purchase power expense line from the income statement.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So when we're looking at this net number, would that suggest, though, that you guys actually had a benefit there? Or you're saying there's some offset as well for that?
Harvey Wagner: It was probably a reduction in the net liability.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: So that would sort of benefited earnings in the quarter? And how should we think about that going forward?
Harvey Wagner: It depends on what your crystal balls tells you about power prices.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So this is sort of just mark-to-market fluctuation that we can see from quarter-to-quarter?
Harvey Wagner: Right.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And then in terms of the equity -- it looks like it went down and on a GAAP basis -- at least maybe if was looking at this correctly, it still looks like to me that you would have higher earnings and dividends. And I'm just sort of -- what caused the equity to decrease?
Mark Clark: Yes. Year-over-year, Paul, we're always more or less marking our funded liability of our pension on to other comprehensive income in the equity section of the balance sheet. So the discount rate going down increased the obligation and the unfunded portion got bigger. So I think there was about a $200 million after-tax charge associated with that just in OCI.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Then finally, the shopping that you guys or the marketing of power outside your service territory, could you tell us sort of how that's going and what service territories you see the most opportunity and where you've been gaining the most market share, and what's sort of been lucrative there just sort of if you could give us a little more flavor for where you've been taking load away from others?
W. Byrd: This is Bill Byrd, and Solutions is right in line with their game plan and their business plan in terms of our out-of-territory sales. We aren't going to get too detailed on the volumes and exactly where. But generally, it's the Western Pennsylvania, Western PJM territories that we're focused on. Logically, it's the utility territory that are reachable with our generation on a cyclical-power basis.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So basically Western PA is where you seeing the most activity? You're not seeing it in southern Ohio or...
Anthony Alexander: No, I don't think he said that, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I'm trying to get a sense. Obviously, I want to feel comfortable with what you're saying. But I mean I'm try to get a sense as to, like, where you guys are -- you know?
Anthony Alexander: We're active in all of those markets to different extents and to different degrees. I think what Bill is trying to relate to you is, at this point, it's really not appropriate to lay out what our game plan is. All I can tell you is that the game plan in each market that has been laid out has been successfully implemented.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc Capital.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Could you give an update on Signal Peak?
Mark Clark: Yes, Signal Peak is doing quite well. They had some issues with the PPOV but that's pretty much been resolved. We're not happy with some of the safety performance, but management is committed in order to save the plant. We were out in the region in Denver speaking to the local authorities. They produced 8 million tons last year, somewhere between 4 million and 5 million was cleaned. About half of that comes east, to us, and about half of it goes into the international market. We brought on a new COO last year, who spends his entire day in the mine. We're seeing a lot of increased productivity. And we're very, very pleased with where they are right now.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: Any update on the potential monetizations?
Mark Clark: We said that we eventually going to sell Signal Peak. We were putting that material together. We'd like to do it after they get into the second seam, and we still anticipate hopefully something being done late first half of this year, maybe into the second half. But with a memo of understanding on Fremont, the tax legislation, some of those things significantly increasing our cash. There's substantially less pressure on doing something with Signal Peak and the value of that property just seems to be climbing.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: I know you're still in negotiations, but how would you characterize your odds of getting your money out of Fremont?
Mark Clark: High.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And then lastly, I guess, Mark, you've said you have accelerated a lot of expenditures into '10, did that all occur in the fourth quarter?
Mark Clark: There was a touch of it in the third quarter, very little, but almost all of it was in the fourth quarter. I'm being corrected by our controller, all of it was in the fourth quarter. I thought we did a touch in the third but apparently not.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan from Visium Asset Management.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Could you just elaborate with the cash proceeds what kind of a debt reduction and increase in cash reserves are we expecting?
James Pearson: This is Jim Pearson. What we're going to be looking at is a debt at FES. And even if we have some excess cash at some of the utilities, right now, we haven't targeted any specific issue nor will we do that at this point. We look at if it make sense to retire any of that debt economically. If it doesn't, we'll hold the cash in reserves there.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: But generally all of these that -- what is the additional cash that, I guess, the bonus tax in aggregate that you expect by the end of this year?
James Pearson: I think the tax issues if you add it up, it's over $500 million and we gave some earlier drivers on free cash flow in that range. So those two items alone would be $1 billion, and we're not at liberty to speak about the Fremont facility. But as we said, we are going to be generating significant amount of cash this year. And our game plan is to reduce debt or build our cash on our balance sheet.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Just to kind of elaborate, you're saying, by the end of this year you have $500 million coming from free cash flow and about $500 million coming from the bonus depreciation, so that's nearly $1 billion. And plus that is the Signal Peak, is that correct, the way to think about it?
James Pearson: The bonus depreciation is not quite all of it. Remember, we got a refund of $60 million in '10 that we just got a couple of days ago. $170-some million that was settlement of some issues back to '01. In terms of total tax kinds of dollars, it was $500 million. Some of that number we gave for tax legislation was '12. But $1 billion is in the ballpark and plus Signal Peak plus Fremont plus continuing holding down our O&M expenses, so we're going to have a fairly large pile of cash to increase our overall financial flexibility or worst case, continue to build up our cash reserves.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ivana Ergovic from Jefferies.
Ivana Ergovic - Jefferies & Co: What was the total interest rate swap agreement contribution for 2010 and also for the fourth quarter?
Mark Clark: From the interest rate swaps, it was about $128 million of cash. For the year, I believe, it enhanced earnings about $0.04, which about probably around $0.01 to $0.02 was in the fourth quarter.
Ivana Ergovic - Jefferies & Co: And also just referencing this nuclear decommissioning trust increase to $0.04, is there again for the quarter? Or you had a loss in the fourth quarter of 2009?
Mark Clark: Now, what that is, you might recall, at the end of the third quarter last year, we reallocated our nuclear decommissioning trust primarily from equities to fixed income. So we were in cash for a good period of the time last quarter, so this is really just interest income on those investments.
Ivana Ergovic - Jefferies & Co: Lastly, how much of lower depreciation is at your regulated utilities?
Harvey Wagner: Ivana, this is Harvey Wagner. If you consider about $300 million that we're anticipating for 2011, about $220 million of that would be the regulated companies.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gregg Orrill from Barclays Capital.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital: I just wanted to follow up on Brian Chin's question about the next RPM auction, which is -- where you saying that you still expected the east zones to clear separately from the west, and what was your thought there about DSM?
W. Byrd: This is Bill Byrd again. To answer your question about the different zones, yes, we expect a significant price difference between the east and the west. As you're aware for FirstEnergy capacity, it's the price in the west that we're most interested in. And we feel on the demand response contribution process to larger process that we -- you're curious to see how it turns out, but we believe that there will be less interest in the demand response providers bidding their supply, and particularly in the western region where our capacity's at.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Edward Heyn from Catapult Capital Management.
Edward Heyn - Catapult: Just wanted to follow up on Ashar's question about the cash balances that you're bringing in. And given that update, do you guys anticipate issuing any equity in '11 or '12 excluding obviously to exchange for Allegheny shares?
Mark Clark: No.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Raymond Leung from Goldman Sachs.
Raymond Leung - Goldman Sachs: First of all, you provided some operating cash flow guidance for '11 of $2.7 billion to $2.86 billion for '11. Can you talk a little bit about -- does that include the bonus depreciation? Or is that a separate item?
James Pearson: Ray, think back when we provided that, that was prior to the legislation being enacted, so that would exclude anything to do with the bonus depreciation.
Raymond Leung - Goldman Sachs: Can you talk a little bit about where you are with your bank loans and I know not it's till '11, but any update or color on that? And then also separately, can you talk a little bit about the short-term debt balance? It looks pretty high. Is that still tied to municipal bonds that need to be reset every so often? Or can you sort of elaborate on that.
James Pearson: Ray, this is Jim Pearson again. Let me start with the bank lines first. As you know, we have our revolving credit facility that's due August of 2012. We have started having the dialogue with the various banking relationships. We would expect that we would have new facilities in place before that facility becomes current. And we will look at potentially setting up facilities at the holding company and the generating companies. On the second question, the short-term debt balance, a portion of that is made up of our pollution control debt that we continue to roll over in variable rate mode. At one time, we got that up over $2 billion. We're now less than $1 billion that we carry in a variable rate, and we're pretty comfortable with that right now. It's probably in the $800 million to $900 million range. The rest of that would be some short-term working capital debt that we carry.
Anthony Alexander: Thank you. And I'd Like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. As always, we appreciate your continued support and interest in FirstEnergy. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-04 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Anthony Alexander – President & CEO Mark Clark – EVP & CFO Irene Prezelj – Manager IR Bill Bird – VP Corporate Risk Harvey Wagner – VP & Controller Jim Pearson – VP & Treasurer Ron Seeholzer – VP IR
Analysts: Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank  Stephen Huang – Carlson Capital  Hugh Wynne – Sanford Bernstein  Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital  Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co. Paul Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets  
Operator: Welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Irene Prezelj, Director for Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you Ms. Prezelj, you may begin. 
Irene Prezelj: 
 : 
 :  Reconciliations to GAAP for the non-GAAP earnings measures we will be referring to today are also contained in that report, as well as on the Investor Information section of our website at www.firstenergycorp.com/ir.  Participating in today’s call are Anthony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Clark, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Harvey Wagner, Vice President and Controller; Jim Pearson, Vice President and Treasurer; Bill Bird, Vice President of Corporate Risk and Ron Seeholzer, Vice President of Investor Relations.  I will now turn the call over to Mark.  
Mark Clark :  Thanks Irene and good afternoon everyone. I will start today’s call with a review of first quarter results. I’ll then turn the call over to Anthony for an update on regulatory and operational activities. As I review our results it may be helpful for you to refer to the consolidated report to the financial community we issued this morning.  Excluding special items, normalized non-GAAP earnings were $0.81 per share compared to $1.02 per share in the first quarter of 2009. Despite the continued impact of the depressed economic activity and generally milder weather across our region these results are in line with our first quarter expectations. On a GAAP basis earnings were $0.51 per share compared to $0.39 per share in the first quarter of 2009. As detailed on page 12 of the consolidated report six special items decreased this year’s GAAP earnings by a total of $0.30 per share. In the first quarter of 2009 a comparable net impact from special items was $0.63 per share.  I will address the first quarter 2010 special items from largest to smallest. The first of these is a charge of $0.11 per share related to power contract mark to market adjustments. In December we announced we would market certain Ohio Legacy purchase power contracts for 2010 and 2011. For the first quarter of 2010 the adjustment is a charge of $0.09 per share. The additional $0.02 per share relates to a contract with Northeast Ohio Public Energy Council (NOPEC) which was signed after our December analyst meeting. This contract made FES the generation supplier for customers in 123 northeast Ohio communities. As part of that contract, FES agreed to purchase the existing supply for calendar year 2010 from NOPECs former suppliers.  The second special item in the quarter is $0.08 per share for regulatory charges. We are recognizing a charge for MISO exit fees associated with the move to PJM and also some additional costs the Ohio companies have committed to in the electric security plan stipulation which is currently before the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio.  The third item is the result of an income tax change related to the new healthcare law that is affecting many other U.S. corporations. The law eliminates the deductibility of retiree healthcare costs to the extent of federal subsidies received by plan sponsors. For us, this results in a one-time charge of $0.04 per share.  Fourth is $0.03 per share related to costs associated with the Allegheny Energy merger. These costs will be expensed as incurred and will continue through the closing of the merger.  The fifth item is $0.02 per share related to non-core asset sales or impairments which includes charges related to the impairment of gas drilling participation rights associated with certain previously owned Ohio properties and the divestiture of the Sumpter plant in Michigan. The last special item is $0.02 per share impairment associated with nuclear decommissioning trust securities.  Before I move onto the drivers of this year’s operating results I will provide an overview of distribution deliveries and generation output. While the overall impact on earnings was flat, total distribution deliveries increased slightly compared to the first quarter of 2009 due to higher demand in the industrial sector. Higher usage by steel and automotive customers drove a 7% increase in industrial distribution sales. The trough in our industrial sales occurred in May 2009 and through the end of the first quarter sales have continued to trend upward.  On the residential and commercial side deliveries decreased by 3% and 1% respectively due to mild temperatures. 80 degree days in the first quarter were 7% below last year and 3% below normal. With regard to generation our output was 17.5 million megawatt hours, a reduction of 3% compared to the first quarter of 2009. While nuclear output was up modestly fossil generation was lower due to scheduled outages and the scheduled tie ins from the Sammis air quality control project.  On page 1 of the consolidated report we highlight the drivers of first quarter results. I will walk through these starting with the positives. First, the net benefit of cost control measures across our business units was $0.06 per share. This resulted from our continued efforts to reduce labor costs and general company-wide cost control measures. Since early last year we have achieved O&M savings of more than $370 million.  Next, the impact of changes to Ohio rates was $0.08 per share. This includes $0.05 per share from the Ohio Delivery Service improvement rider which into effect in April of 2009 and $0.03 per share related to the distribution rate increase for Ohio Utilities. New rates of Ohio Edison and Toledo Edison were effective on January 23, 2009 while the increase at CEI did not go into effect until May 1, 2009.  Lower expenses for other post-employment benefits increased earnings by $0.04 per share. We expect to see a reduced benefit to earnings as we move through the remainder of this year. Our pension costs remained essentially flat year-over-year. This is primarily due to a combination of pension contribution and investment returns offset by a reduction in the discount rate.  Finally, two tax items increased earnings by a total of $0.02 per share. We had lower general taxes primarily related to lower payroll and Ohio kilowatt hour taxes, and a lower effective tax rate reflecting a decrease in after-tax interest expense in 2010 related to uncertain tax positions.  Now I will move next to commodity margin which reduced earnings by $0.25 per share during the quarter. As I walk through the components of commodity margin it may be helpful for you to refer to the detailed summary of this on page 11 of the consolidated report. That summary provides additional details on megawatt hour volumes that contribute to this earnings driver and hopefully will make the discussion easier to follow.  The three positive drivers of commodity margin were higher capacity revenues, lower net congestion and transmission line loss expenses at PJM and finally increased FES generation sales which reflects a change in the composition of sales since the first quarter of 2009. Specifically, the higher volume of FES competitive sales along with the sale of renewable energy credits offset a decrease in power sales to our Ohio affiliated utilities. The change in sales mix is consistent with our overall retail strategy.  Commodity margin was negatively impacted by; lower wholesale sales volume, higher capacity expenses for FES, Met-Ed and Penelec, higher purchase power prices driven by an increase in spot purchases at PJM and increased fuel expenses primarily related to higher prices for nuclear fuel.  There are three additional items that had a negative impact on first quarter earnings. CEI’s reduced transmission cost recovery margin decreased earnings by a total of $0.12 per share as a result of lower revenues and higher transition cost amortization. Recovery of transitioned revenues for CEI will end in December of 2010. Net financing costs reduced first quarter earnings by $0.02 per share as higher expenses related to our financing activity in the second half of 2009 were partially offset by higher capitalized interest related to construction programs at Sammis and Freemont. Finally, higher depreciation expenses related to incremental property additions decreased earnings by $0.01 per share.  Despite these negatives and the impact of the soft economy and the mild weather experienced in our region we achieved first quarter results in line with our expectations. With regard to our sales forecast we are taking a conservative outlook for the remainder of 2010. We are revising downward our distribution sales forecast from 110 million megawatt hours to 106 million megawatt hours and are revising our generation output forecast from 80.9 million megawatt hours to 77.1 million megawatt hours.  As Tony will discuss in more detail we are taking steps early in the year to offset the effects of our revised forecast and as a result of these steps we are affirming our 2010 non-GAAP guidance of $3.50 to $3.70 per share. As we move through the year we expect the distribution of earnings to fall into a more normal annual pattern with stronger year-over results in the third and fourth quarter as compared to the first half.  Now I will turn it over to Tony. 
Anthony Alexander :  Thanks Mark. Good afternoon everyone. I will begin with a regulatory update starting with our filing on March 23 at the [PECO] of a stipulated Electric Security Plan (ESP). It was filed as a stipulation of a recommendation and represents a diverse interest of many signatory parties including the staff of the Commission. All public and evidentiary hearings have been completed.  The new ESP would again use a competitive bidding process to establish generation supply and pricing for the period between June 1, 2011 through May 31, 2014 for customers who do not choose alternative suppliers. There would be four separate biding sessions; one each in July of 2010, October 2010, July 2011 and July 2012 combining different contract lengths and customer load amounts.  While the Commission has indicated it will take additional time to review the filing we are proceeding with preparations for the competitive bidding process as outlined in our filing in anticipation of a decision. The plan also calls for base distribution rates to remain in place through May 31, 2014 and provides for the utilities to recover necessary investments made in the delivery system. This cost recovery mechanism would begin January 1, 2012 when the existing delivery service improvement rider expires.  On the whole, we believe the plan will result in more certain rate levels for customers and provide for timely recovery of authorized charges while also promoting energy efficiency and economic development and providing support for low income customers. As I mentioned, if we receive approval for the ESP in the near-term the first auction would be held in July of this year.  Respecting Pennsylvania, in January and March the first two auctions were held to procure power supply for Met-Ed and Penelec’s default service requirements beginning January 2, 2011. The auction secured approximately one-half of the company’s default service requirements for the first five months of that year. The next procurement is planned for May 24th and the fourth auction will be in October.  The five month generation price for customers will be determined by blending the results of these first four auctions. The May and October auctions will also include deliveries for future periods. FirstEnergy Solutions participated in the January and March auctions and also plans to bid in future procurements.  In February Penn Power filed for approval of its default service program which details how the company will secure power for delivery to customers from June 1, 2011 through May 31, 2013. This will be Penn Power’s third default service program. Under the plan the company will purchase electricity in 50 megawatt tranches for residential and commercial customers beginning in 2011 and continuing through May 2013. The tranches will be purchased for various lengths of time with generation prices calculated based on a blended average by customer class. In addition, 5% of the electricity for residential customers will be purchased on the spot market.  Industrial customers who chose not to shop will receive an hourly priced service based upon PJM real time energy markets in addition a fixed component for other charges such as for capacity and ancillary services. We expect the Pennsylvania PUC to rule on the plan by November.  We are also moving forward with the transition of our [Assi] transmission assets into PJM. As we have mentioned the integration into PJM is expected to be complete on June 1, 2011 to coincide with delivery of power under the next competitive generation procurement process for FirstEnergy’s Ohio utility companies and Penn Power.  We took another step towards integration in March with the successful completion by the Ohio utilities of two fixed resource requirement integration auctions to secure capacity for the period June 1, 2011 through May 31, 2013. The results reflect the market value of capacity resources in the [Assi] footprint starting June 1, 2011. FES sold approximately 9,400 megawatts of capacity in the 2011/2012 auction at a clearing price of about $109 per megawatt day and sold about 9,200 megawatts in the 2012/2013 auction at just over $20 per megawatt day. This week FES will participate in PJM’s annual base residual capacity auction for the period of 2013 and 2014 planning year.  Moving now to a merger update, as you know we filed our S4 registration statement with the SEC in late March. We are working to finalize our applications for federal regulatory approval in addition to state filings for Pennsylvania, Maryland and West Virginia and expect to make the filings this month. We plan to file with Virginia’s State Corporation Commission later in the second quarter after a decision has been reached regarding the pending sale of Allegheny’s distribution operations in that state.  Also last month FirstEnergy and Allegheny Energy merger integration teams kicked off their work to determine how best to combine the company’s operations following the completion of the merger. The teams are focused on ensuring a smooth transition and identifying best practices going forward.  We are pleased with our progress so far and believe we are on target to complete the merger during the first half of 2011. We believe there are important long-term strategic advantages to this merger including the enhanced environmental performance of our combined generating facilities and the potential for earnings growth, a more competitive cost structure and reduced risk. I firmly believe this transaction makes sense for our shareholders, customers and employees.  With respect to Davis-Besse as you know from our news release yesterday additional testing on the control rod drive mechanism nozzles was completed over the weekend. In total we have identified 24 of 69 nozzles that require modification. The work on 10 of these nozzles is nearing completion while modifications to the remaining 14 are now underway. We expect this work to take several weeks. We will then test the modifications and complete refueling work. The plan is expected to be ready for restart in July.  On the sales side of our business our retail program remains solidly on track. FirstEnergy solutions has achieved so far 98% of its planned sales for 2010 and 51% for 2011. We expect 2011 will be filled as future auctions are completed in Pennsylvania and Ohio.  While we met our first quarter earnings target, 2010 is shaping up to be another challenging year. Although we are pleased to see industrial demand increasing we are not yet seeing the full effects of a robust economic recovery. I have challenged our executive team to continue finding ways to aggressively address the challenges facing the company this year including the extended Davis-Besse outage, lower planned generation output for the year and weaker distribution sales.  As a part of that effort we will more aggressively restrict hiring and continue to replace external contracts with our own employees where appropriate. Additionally we will continue to realign our capital structure with our financial strategy which includes completing some fixed to variable interest rate swaps. As in the past we intend to continue to seek ways to improve our performance and control our costs as we work through and address the continued impact of the sluggish economy and other challenges on our company.  We remain committed, however, to successfully executing our strategy and meeting shareholder’s expectations. Now we would be happy to take your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank. 
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank : If I could just ask on the reduction in the generation forecast, to what extent is that just for the first quarter and an assumption that the rest of the year continues to pan out more or less as you had originally planned? What assumptions have you made over the rest of the year and are they different? 
Mark Clark :  I think we are just trying to be a little conservative. It is not we are just subtracting out the first quarter from the total forecast. We are seeing some very positive signs on the industrial side as Tony eluded to. Auto global production is up 50%. 65% in the U.S. We are seeing that at General Motors adding a third shift in Lordstown. Defiance is adding [inaudible]. Toledo Power Train is adding. Steel is starting to add a second shift. So we are seeing it across the board.  However, we are just trying to be conservative as we work through the year. One really strong month of March does not make the next 8 or 9. So we are just being a little bit more conservative. 
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank : How much of I guess it is about a 4 terawatt hour reduction, how much of that is Davis-Besse versus forecast? 
Mark Clark :  Off the top of my head I don’t know but we can get that and post it. 
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank : Can you give us any further color on which of the buckets of sales have been most affected by being more conservative around the forecast? Is it mainly in wholesale or is it in one of the franchise pieces? 
Mark Clark :  Wholesale. 
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank : Any possibility of an update on Signal Peak and where you are on targets, etc.? 
Mark Clark :  Signal peak has slowed down a little bit. It had some start up issues. They were very successful in the development of the mine but their startup is a little behind. They are running around 500,000 tons a month. Their full rate we hope will be somewhere around 1 million. They are a little behind where we thought they would be but not terribly disappointed at where they are. 
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank : Do you still anticipate getting to that higher number in calendar 2010 or what is the outlook in terms of closing the gap? 
Mark Clark :  Yes, we just met with the CEO of Signal Peak on Saturday or Friday. I don’t remember which anymore. He felt fairly confident they would get back up to where they had forecast by the end of the year. 
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank : Could you be a little more specific on what is causing it to be slower than hoped? 
Mark Clark :  One, they had a well problem on the second well. Second, they had some issues with the operators themselves. This is new for them. This is a big system and despite their training it has taken them a little time to ramp up to where they want to be. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Stephen Huang – Carlson Capital. 
Stephen Huang – Carlson Capital :  You said that part of the benefit that in a challenging year you are going to try to benefit from switching from fixed to variable. How much of that is embedded in your numbers now to do financial restructuring? 
Mark Clark :  I think it was embedded originally because at the tail end of the year we had some variable go into fixed. We also had some higher cash position from tax we are going to pay down some short-term debt. So we are going to stay within our guidelines and stay within our policy as we move through the year. 
Stephen Huang – Carlson Capital : On the retail sales side I know you before had put out 97.9 total sales including retail plus wholesale. How are you thinking about that target number in terms of I know you talked about distributions coming down a little bit and generation output down but how about the overall retail sales as part of your guidance? 
Bill Bird :  Overall retail is pretty much in line with original expectations. The total sales you mentioned of 97 I believe will go down reflecting lower wholesale sales as we go through the year. But the retail portion of our sales is pretty much in line with expectations. 
Stephen Huang – Carlson Capital : Are you actually doing better on the aggregation in direct sales versus polar? Is there any change to that mix? 
Bill Bird :  Not appreciably different. There is always differences from forecast and if anything I think maybe our non-Ohio sales are running a little bit above our original expectations offsetting the lower consumption that we are seeing in Ohio due to weather and the economy. 
Stephen Huang – Carlson Capital : How much is the renewable credit sales benefit for you in the quarter? How much do you anticipate it to be for the year? Or is it small? 
Mark Clark :  I think it is relatively around $40 million or $50 million. It is consistent with what we do every year. We have credits. We sell credits. We use them ourselves. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Hugh Wynne – Sanford Bernstein. 
Hugh Wynne – Sanford Bernstein : I wanted to explore a little bit your breakdown of the commodity margin change on page 3 of your release. I noticed the increase in volume of your competitive retail sales contributed $1.23 to earnings versus $0.79 corrosion in earnings as a result of the loss in volume in polar sales. The implication seems to be as you have mentioned you are generating a significantly higher margin on the competitive retail sales. I wonder if you could expand on that a little bit because I tend to think of your competitive resale sales as being offered at a discount to the auction price but here you are generating a higher margin apparently. 
Bill Bird :  I think the confusion might just come from the year-over-year comparison period. Remember the first quarter of 2009 was a somewhat unique situation. We didn’t have the ESP totally approved. There was no retail shopping in Ohio and the utilities were procuring their power through an RFP process that was in effect for the first 3 months of 2009. I think the anomaly comes from the comparison year and the base period last year. 
Hugh Wynne – Sanford Bernstein : I also noticed you have an increase in your fuel costs and your purchase power costs and you attribute this to higher nuclear and coal delivery costs yet it appears your nuclear generation must have been down a bit due to the Davis-Besse and Sammis down a bit due to the high end of the air quality controls. That was reflected at the higher purchase power cost. I am a little confused about the increase of purchase power cost and also an increase in the fuel cost. 
Bill Bird :  Our nuclear fuel expense was actually higher as was our nuclear generation output during the first quarter. The Davis-Besse outage for the first quarter was just a scheduled refueling outage. The unexpected outage didn’t occur until April after the quarter. So nuclear generation was actually higher resulting in the higher fuel expense as well as the nuclear rate is higher reflecting the legacy fuel contracts being taken out of or being rolled over to market.  On the purchase power expense the increase was really attributable to what I call balancing energy purchases in the PJM market. As dilution assumed 100% of the Met-Ed, Penelec polar requirement for this year they had a higher balancing in energy for that higher load obligation as well as their retail activity in the PJM market resulted in higher balancing purchases for the retail load. 
Hugh Wynne – Sanford Bernstein : Regarding your outlook for sales, you are still expecting 77.1 million megawatt hour sales for the year despite a first quarter that is flat. It seems to me to get there you need to have 20-25% increases in your volume of sales over the remaining quarters or am I missing something? 
Mark Clark :  I don’t think so. That would be a pretty big jump up. That 25% of what the original 80 would have been somewhere around 20. So no. I think we are being conservative if anything. 
Hugh Wynne – Sanford Bernstein : You believe you can do that? 
Mark Clark : Yes. 
[Jim Pearson]:  You also have to remember that it is not even. You have summer loads coming in which are fairly significantly different and higher than the other periods. The weighting is going to be on June, July and August and into September. 
Hugh Wynne – Sanford Bernstein : But you need another 61 million megawatt hours of sales right to make your target? I am estimating based on your disclosures in the first quarter you had something like 48 million megawatt hours of sales in the last three quarters of last year. It is that difference that strikes me as a very large 25% difference. 
Anthony Alexander :  Part of the challenge too is getting back to normal weather that we didn’t see in the second half of last year. 
[Jim Pearson] :  You have to remember last year mostly as you went through the year industrial sales were not improving. So we are anticipating when we see improvements in industrial sales now every month. Not as strong as we would like but continuing to improve. You will see improvement year-over-year if that trend continues as well as we are certainly hopeful that the summer is a true summer this year as compared to what we experienced last year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital. 
Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital : Could you talk a little bit more about the merger? When you announced it commodities were much, much higher than they are now. Obviously back in February or January the accretion was much more attractive and now looking at least in the near or medium term it might be massively dilutive until you get into the 5-6 years from now. Could you talk about your thoughts? Was this unexpected, this drop in commodities? Just give a little more color on your thoughts on the merger at this point. 
Anthony Alexander :  I am perfectly comfortable with the merger and where it is at. I think it has great opportunity for this company. It repositions us and puts us in a much better position going forward. The fact that we continue to be in a very sluggish recession type economy for a decision that is going to place FirstEnergy in a totally different opportunity position going forward I just don’t think that is a fair or even any sort of valid analysis in terms of what we are looking at. This is a long-term play. This isn’t for next week. 
Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital : Back at the analyst day you were mentioning later in 2010 you would talk about dividend policy. Do you have any new color on that or should we just wait until the end of the year? 
Mark Clark :  I think we will wait. We also alluded in the context I am sure the board will take it up when we get back to a more normal economy. 
Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital : Lastly, a couple of the previous questions revolved around the lower generation and sales volumes. Could you run through again some of the offsets to that in terms of some of the positive offsets to lower volumes that are part of your guidance? 
Mark Clark :  You mean lower costs or lower volumes? 
Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital : In your original 2010 guidance you had the higher generation volumes and higher distribution volumes. Those have come down. I just wanted some more color on what some of the more positive offsets were to that so you were able to maintain guidance. 
Mark Clark :  First, we are taking off at the high end of our cost curve and production curve so that would be the lowest margin generation we would be producing. Second, we have severely restricted hiring. We had assumed some incremental staffing as we worked throughout 2010. Those have all been put on hold. We continue to look for opportunities not to use contractors, restricting travel, watching every expense. We had lists of other O&M kinds of items from last year. We are just working our way down that list. I think we have proven we can continue to cut costs as we have additionally done in the first quarter and that we would expect to do that as we move through the year. I am not suggesting in any way it is easy but we believe it is achievable. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research. 
Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research: Continuing on the expense side when do you visualize expenses leveling off since they were down so much in the first quarter? 
Mark Clark :  I don’t know what normal expenses would be any more because we are in such an abnormal economy. As we continue to move through the year we will continue to look for opportunities to reduce expenses. As we find them we will take advantage of them. I don’t know what normal is anymore. 
Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research: I understand. I was thinking that the amount of decrease will probably taper off towards the end of the year. Is that what you visualize as well? 
Mark Clark : I think you are correct that at some point we cannot continue to reduce the level of expenses without having some negative offset in the other part. We had roughly $1.2 billion of direct O&M expenses at our business units for the balance of the year. So that is a pretty good place to start. Any kind of reasonable percentage of that comes up with a big number. You are correct at some point you get diminishing returns. We just don’t think we have hit that point yet. 
Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research: So not before year-end definitely? 
Mark Clark :  Correct. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: If I look at the presentation back in December you were projecting I think a $0.06 hurt from benefits and other expense. I guess the OPEB was a positive $0.04 in the quarter. You mentioned in your narrative that in future quarters that benefit would decrease but should we just revise altogether the $0.06 hit you had back on slide 74 of your analyst day meeting? 
Mark Clark :  I don’t have that slide in front of me but we do expect it to continue to decline as we go through the year. It might be slightly higher than the $0.06 you are alluding to. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: But the $0.06 is a negative and you actually had a $0.04 positive in the first quarter. $0.06 was negative for the year is what you were projecting. 
Mark Clark : We made pension contributions, increased the earnings of the funds, lowered the discount rate. Factor all that in and it is positive. 
[Jim Pearson]:  I think your question is it was negative $0.06 back when we did it at December 3. It will gradually decline year-over-year comparison but it is going to be closer to a $0.10 positive as we get throughout the year this year based on I think the biggest driving factor was the time modifications we have made. 
Ron Seeholzer :  It is primarily from the OPEBs. I think pension on a year-over-year basis will not be driving the majority of the benefit because when we re-measured the plan back at the end of August last year we did take our discount rate down to 6% and that kind of offset the $500 million. What we did on the OPEB side is we amended that plan where we only provided three years of medical coverage. We didn’t take clear up to Medicare eligibility. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: So if I understand you correctly if we are redoing that waterfall chart today that should read a $0.10 positive instead of a $0.06 hit, right? 
Ron Seeholzer :  You would just walk it down. You can take any pattern you want. But $0.04, $0.03, $0.02, $0.01 it will fade out as we get throughout the year. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: The other question I have is has the company yet done a root cause analysis and submitted an action plan to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission on Davis-Besse or is that still something that has to happen? 
Anthony Alexander : The root cause analysis is underway. I believe there will be some review with the NRC before restart of the modifications we have made. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets. 
Paul Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets : Your level of confidence in that July date given it sounds like the NRC hasn’t really signed off on a whole lot yet?
Anthony Alexander :  Again right now we believe the modifications meet all of the industry and are based on industry standard practices. We expect to be able to show to the NRC we are prepared to operate to plan. Right now I feel assuming we can get the work done the July date is when we expect a restart. 
Operator:  There are no further questions in the queue at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Alexander for closing comments. 
Anthony Alexander :  Thank you everyone for joining us today on this call. As always we appreciate your continued support and interest in FirstEnergy. Have a nice afternoon. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude the teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-27 13:00:00) =====
Executives:  Anthony Alexander – President & CEO Mark Clark – EVP & CFO Irene Prezelj – Manager IR Bill Bird – VP Corporate Risk Harvey Wagner – VP & Controller Jim Pearson – VP & Treasurer Ron Seeholzer – VP IR 
Analysts:  [Sarasha Khan] – Incremental Capital  Paul Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets  Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank  Hugh Wynne – Sanford Bernstein  Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co. Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates  Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research 
Presentation: 
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. third quarter 2009 earnings call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Irene Prezelj, Director for Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you Ms. Prezelj, you may begin. 
Irene Prezelj: During this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects, and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp. are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated report to the financial community, which was released earlier today and is also available on our website under the Earnings Release link. Reconciliations to GAAP for the non-GAAP earnings measures we will be referring to today are also contained in that report, as well as on the Investor Information section of our website at www.firstenergycorp.com/ir. Participating in today’s call are Anthony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Clark, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Harvey Wagner, Vice President and Controller; Jim Pearson, Vice President and Treasurer; Bill Bird, Vice President of Corporate Risk; and Ron Seeholzer, Vice President of Investor Relations. I will now turn the call over to Mark. 
Mark Clark : Thanks Irene and good afternoon everyone and thanks for joining us today. I’ll start today’s call with a review of third quarter results followed by an update on other financial matters. I’ll then turn the call over to Anthony for an operational overview as well as an update on regulatory activities in Ohio.  As I review our results, it may be helpful for you to refer to the consolidated report to the financial community we issued this morning. We continue making solid progress towards our 2009 goals despite the negative impacts of the economy, significantly lower wholesale power prices, and the unusually mild weather across our region.  Excluding special items normalized non-GAAP earnings were $1.11 per share compared to $1.60 in the third quarter of 2008. On GAAP basis third quarter earnings were $0.77 per share compared to $1.55 per share in the same period last year.  Three special items had the net effect of decreasing this year’s GAAP earnings by a total of $0.34 per share. The first of these was a debt redemption premium of $0.30 per share related to the cash tender offer completed in September, $1.2 billion of FirstEnergy Corp.’s 2011 notes.  The second special item was $0.07 per share restructuring charge related to an employee severance and our voluntary enhanced retirement program. The third item was a $0.03 per share positive adjustment related to impaired securities held in our nuclear decommissioning trusts.  There were four main drivers that had positive impact on this quarter’s non-GAAP results. First the Ohio Utilities distribution rate increase added $0.05 per share. The second positive driver for the quarter was $0.06 per share increase from the Ohio Distribution Service Improvement rider.  Third O&M reductions contributed to $0.17 per share for the quarter reflecting lower labor and benefit costs, the use of fewer contractors, and other cost control measures. Our recent voluntary enhanced retirement program and an employee severance program had reduced employment by about 1,000 or 7.5% since the start of the year.  Through the end of the third quarter O&M reductions totaled $242 million. Given the strong performance in this area I believe we’re on track to meet our cost savings goals for the year. Our O&M reductions would have been $0.11 per share higher but we are recognizing the repayment of reduced employee salaries, 401-K bonus match and incentive compensation payments that may be paid for 2009. As you may recall we did not factor these three items into this year’s O&M target when developing our 2009 earnings guidance. But at the same time we challenged our employees to find savings over and above our target to provide an opportunity to earn back their wages and begin to earn incentive compensation for 2009. While we still have another quarter to go we are proud of what they have accomplished so far. Depending on our performance during the fourth quarter we may reduce or eliminate the third quarter accrual if we fall behind our performance targets.  Finally we realized a $0.23 per share gain from the sale of securities held in our nuclear decommissioning trust. During the quarter our investment committee converted the majority of trust holdings into cash and cash equivalents as part of their overall investment strategy to limit the volatility associated with the recent performance of our trust funds.  As many of you are aware there has been a significant amount of year over year volatility with respect to everyone’s pension plan and other similar financial assets. By way of example, the projected year over year change in our pension plan is a negative $0.42 per share.  The investment committee did not feel this level of volatility was acceptable and will be transitioning the assets into investments with risk return characteristics appropriate for each of the funds including our pension, corporate owned life insurance, and the nuclear decommissioning trust.  The committee’s decision is consistent with the company’s financial strategy of aligning the asset with the liability. In addition investment income from corporate owned life insurance increased earnings by $0.02 per share.  These positives were offset by eight negatives. First generation gross margin reduced earnings by $0.32 per share during the quarter primarily due to lower sales volumes in Ohio which was driven by the effects of the economy, lower wholesale market prices, and mild weather.  Given the number of factors impacting generation margin we’ve included a more detailed summary on page two of the consolidated report. That summary provides additional details on all of the components that make up this earnings driver and we are hopeful this additional material will make the discussion easier to follow.  FirstEnergy Solution served approximately 65% of the Ohio load during the third quarter of 2009 compared to nearly 100% a year ago. This represents the 51 tranches won in the May auction, the acquisition of an additional 21 tranches, and the ramp up of our government aggregation communities and direct commercial and industrial customers over the quarter. Through last week FES increased the load it serves in Ohio to a total of 73% which is consistent with our strategy. On a year over year basis our competitive retail sales were strong increasing 18% over last year.  Generation output was 17.5 million megawatt hours, a reduction of 21% compared to the third quarter of 2008. Through the end of the quarter generation output was 50.2 million megawatt hours, this is lower then we projected for the first three quarters and puts us behind in achieving our original estimate of 70.1 million megawatt hours for 2009.  As a result we are adjusting our full year output forecast to 65.7 million megawatt hours. Lower generation sales were offset somewhat by lower fossil fuel and transportation costs related to the reduction in generation output. While purchased power volumes and rates were both lower this quarter, purchased power cost reduced earnings by $0.08 per share primarily due to higher PGM capacity expenses at FES, Met-Ed and Penelec.  After generation margin the second negative relates to lower transition cost recovery margin which had a net negative impact of $0.28 per share. Recovery of transition costs for Ohio Edison and Toledo Edison ended in December, 2008 in accordance with the Ohio rate certainty plan.  While recovery for CEI will continue at a reduced rate through 2010. Third quarter earnings also reflected the absence of a $0.12 benefit recorded in the previous year’s quarter from the resolution of tax issues that were settled in 2008. Fourth, higher pension expense reduced earnings by $0.11 per share. In September we made a $500 million voluntary contribution to the plan. At the same time we revalued the plan, included lowering the discount rate to 6.0%.  On a net net basis, we expect to see a slight reduction in the pension expense in the fourth quarter of $0.01 per share. If we had a $0.09 per share reduction in earnings in the third quarter due to the absence of the Ohio distribution reliability deferrals that ended in December of last year.  Six, lower distribution delivery revenues reduced earnings by $0.08 per share principally due to an 8% decline in sales to residential customers. This was largely driven by the mild weather we experienced during the summer. July in particular was significantly cooler then normal. For the quarter cooling degree days were 14% lower then last year and 17% below normal.  Industrial deliveries decreased 16% while commercial deliveries declined 6%. As we’ve discussed before lower volumes in these segments have not had an impact on revenue so far this year because of demand base rates, the expiration of certain Ohio contracts at the end of 2008.  I’ll talk more about some of the economic activities were seeing in the region in a moment. In total electric distribution deliveries declined 10% compared to the year ago quarter. These lower volumes were partially offset by lower general taxes in the amount of $0.02 per share primarily for kilowatt hour and gross receipts tax.  Seven, higher depreciation expense reduced earnings by $0.04 per share due to incremental property additions. And finally, net financing costs reduced earnings by $0.01 per share as capitalized interest related to the [Sameus] environmental retrofit construction project was offset by higher interest expense related to the financing activity that took place in the fourth quarter of 2008, and the first three quarters of this year. As I mentioned the continued economic downturn did have an impact on the company during the quarter. But we are not seeing a full rebound, we have observed what I’m calling hopeful signs. Information related to some of our largest customers in the industrial class shows this group experienced a trough in electric usage in April, with slight to moderate improvement each month thereafter.  It is however important to note that they remain below January usage levels. Steel is an important indicator of economic health in our region and Mattel Steel, one of our largest Cleveland area customers called back its second shift in early October. Two weeks ago the World Steel Association said that developed nations should see growth in the steel sector of about 15% in 2010 which is a strong prediction compared to the 34% retraction the group expects in 2009. Beyond steel we continued to see strong growth in other sectors. One example would be the Cleveland Clinic which is Northeast Ohio’s largest employer in the midst of an expansion plan. In addition to the financial results I discussed, an important element of our financial strategy has been to align our liabilities to the appropriate assets.  We made significant progress in support of this strategy during the quarter by completing four financings totaling nearly $2.5 billion. Notable among these was the $1.5 billion unsecured notes offering for FirstEnergy Solutions which was the first direct issuance of long-term debt for our competitive generation subsidiary. In addition Cleveland Electric Illuminating Company issued $300 million of first mortgage bonds, and Pennsylvania Electric issued $500 million of unsecured notes.  While $177 million in air quality development revenue bonds were issued in Ohio on behalf of FirstEnergy Generation Corp. relating to air quality compliance expenditures at the [Sameus] plant. Also during the quarter we retired $1.2 billion of holding company debt through a cash tender offer.  These financings as well as other actions like O&M reductions have helped to build our financial flexibility while significantly reducing our refinancing risks for the next three years. Now I’ll turn things over to Anthony.
Anthony Alexander : Thanks Mark and good afternoon. I’d like to start with a regulatory update beginning with our filing last week at the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio for a market rate offer or MRO. As you know generation pricing under our current ESP or electric security plan, has been established through May 31 of 2011. Our MRO proposes a long-term competitive bid process for procurement of generation service for our Ohio Utilities utilizing a series of descending clock slice of system auctions similar to the one conducted in May of this year.  Notably different however would be a staggered solicitation process. In June and October of 2010 we would conduct solicitations for 12, 24, and 36 month products which combined would provide for generation service for 100% of the June 1, 2011 through May 31, 2012 period, two-thirds of the needs for the following year, and one-third of the needs for the next year.  Subsequent auctions also conducted in June and October of each year would complete a transition to where one-third of the total load would be procured every year with three year products. This would move our Ohio Utilities to a system not unlike New Jersey’s auction for basic generation service where a similar approach provides for reduced volatility in customer prices.  The Ohio statutes call for a 90-day Commission review period. Accordingly we would anticipate a final decision by January 18, 2010. Importantly this [inaudible] dovetails with our application currently before the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to integrate into PGM on June 1, 2011 which would coincide with the implementation of generation pricing from the 2010 auctions. We’re expecting to hear from the FERC on this application by year end. Moving now to a couple of other project matters starting with our three month combined cycle facility. Last month we announced our decision to accelerate completion of the Freemont plant. We now expect to complete plant construction by the end of next year so that the facility can be operational in 2011 and available to respond to increased customer usage as the economy recovers.  Other benefits include immediate support for the local economy surrounding the plant by bringing jobs to the Northwest Ohio region. And if we decide to sell this asset in the future, a completed facility will put us in a better position then a partially completed one.  It will cost approximately $180 million to complete the facility. I’d also like to update you on our Montana coal mine. I’m pleased to report that we continue to achieve solid progress at Signal Peak. As you know the rail spur and wash plant are already completed. Installation of the long wall and associated equipment is proceeding smoothly and is more than 70% complete.  We’ll begin testing the long wall next month. We’ve already received nearly 100,000 tons of coal at our generation facilities for additional testing. In addition we’ve sent test shipments to other domestic utilities and several test cargos are currently shipping to Vancouver which are scheduled to leave for Asia markets shortly.  So all in all, great progress and we expect to get the mine into full production later this year or very early next year. In closing I’d like to reiterate our firm commitment to delivering shareholder value.  As Mark mentioned, our employees are engaged and we’ve captured significant O&M savings thus far. I believe these efforts will continue into the fourth quarter and enable a solid finish for the year. Another bright spot has been the strong execution of our FES team in both government aggregation and direct sales to commercial and industrial customers.  Not only have they exceeded their goals for the year particularly in Ohio, they have set the stage for future success by doing so. While we can control our retail sales efforts and O&M costs, unfortunately we can’t control the economy and weather.  And although we’re seeing some early signs that the economy is coming back as Mark mentioned, its not at the point where we are predicting the likelihood of a sustained and complete rebound. In addition wholesale power prices are not as robust as we’d obviously like to see them.  As a result we decided that it makes sense to narrow our guidance range to $3.70 to $3.80 per share given what we’ve seen so far. I know you are also keenly interested in what 2010 will bring. I can tell you we are currently refining our outlook and assumptions as we finalize our 2010 earnings guidance which we plan to share on December 3 in New York.  Now we’d be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of [Sarasha Khan] – Incremental Capital 
[Sarasha Khan] – Incremental Capital : I was trying to get a better sense as to what would, had the volumes been this year if weather was kind of normal. 
Mark Clark : That’s a good question, if you look a the residential side, the volume in the revenue side was offset by about $34 million, we said $0.08 was below our distribution revenues. About $0.07 of that was attributable to the residential. In Ohio you’re seeing some reduction of 12%, PA 8%, New Jersey 7%, [net] total 10%. Most of that Ohio reduction was industrial which is around 16% and even most of that was in steel, metal, auto and tire. Hopefully that is a lot of detail and answered your question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets 
Paul Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets : About your guidance, it seems like you’ve kind of found $0.23 in your portfolio optimization, what were the offsets that made you drive down the top end of guidance. 
Mark Clark : I think as Anthony alluded to before the unseasonably warm weather in July particularly and then throughout the third quarter, the industrial sales I just alluded to being down 16%, the weather effecting the residential side, just the general economy.  Nothing specific other then we can’t make that up in the fourth quarter, the weather and the industrial sales so we just felt more comfortable reducing the guidance down at the top end.
Paul Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets : And then you mentioned $0.11 around deferred comp or that could come back or, I was just unclear what that discussion was. 
Mark Clark: When we provided the original O&M guidance it did not include any incentive comp, salary reduction or 401-K bonus dollars in it. And what we said to our employees was if you would like to get your salary back, 401-K bonus match and any form of incentive comp, you’ll have to exceed our O&M guidance. So through September we’ve expensed $63 million for incentives meaning that our employees earned that amount by reducing O&M expenses some $305 million for the first nine months of the year and that nets us down to the $242.  Now in the fourth quarter if we don’t stay on path for achieving our O&M reductions we will take back the incentive comp and salary and 401-K bonus match. So it is possible that they achieve it and continue to earn. It is also possible that they slow down and we will reverse some of these entries. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Real quick on the decommissioning trust and the COLI and all that sort of stuff, what was the cumulative number for this year and where were you [inaudible] off from guidance perspective, was any of that in this year’s number. 
Mark Clark : Its kind of a catch-22. On the one hand if we weren’t capturing the O&M savings we wouldn’t have put the incentive comp back in. So we kind of look at the whole thing. We’ve moved some of our plants around in terms of production, outage schedules, things like that.  So everything kind of came into play. In terms of the actual number for the third quarter, and Harvey stand to correct me, was $157.4 million as compared to $46.4 million last year. Since you’ve asked if you don’t mind I’ll do the pension as well. The pension last year had the impact of benefiting earnings by $0.12, this year its effected it, we expected by $0.28, that’s the $0.40 delta.  And then on the COLI, that was a $0.02 positive this year and I think it was an $0.08 last year, so COLI had a, so that added $0.10 year over year and that’s specifically why the investment committee is looking to take this volatility out.  Its just, $0.40 here, $0.10 here, $0.30 here, its just too volatile. And it makes it difficult for us to manage so hopefully that’s the answer. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: As you think about, looking into 2010 and I know its way ahead of guidance but as you rebalance these portfolios what is the right run rate for pension expense. Does that mean that kind of the minus $0.28 this year on a year over year basis, is that the new base line if you stabilize out the portfolio or if you expect lower returns and a more balance portfolio, does that mean there’s actually an increase in expense next year. How should we think about the long run implication of—
Mark Clark : I can’t give you the guidance for 2010 because we’ll reset the pension expense the end of December, but you do know that we put a $500 million contribution which would increase the asset value. Now the big trigger after that would be what occurs with the discount rate and we’ve lowered it several times this year down to 6% when we remeasured the pension.  So I think you could expect to see with more assets a higher return on that side but the big unknown at this point I would say would be the discount rate. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: And then from the run time on the coal plants obviously a lot of pressure and system load has a big impact on that but was that all, the lower output, was that all a function of where the market was in the quarter in that your generation wasn’t needed or was it in part maintenance and other reasons why the plants didn’t run. 
Anthony Alexander : I think it would be a combination because we commenced some fairly large outages at some of our facilities in September which would have effected our production capability as well as the market was very soft in the rest of the quarter, July and August in particular.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: And then just along those lines, coal inventories where are they right now and are you finding alternatives to avoid over stock piling at this point. 
Mark Clark : We have coal to sell if that’s the question. It runs anywhere from about 30 days to 60-some days depending on how you want to measure it. If its measured on net demonstrated capacity the unit its lower. If its measured on average burn you’re going to get a higher number. So I think a good average in there would be about 45 days.  We are storing coal. We’ve made provisions for storing coal. We are also as you might expect renegotiating contracts to not have delivery of coal so we’re trying to manage our fuel inventory in recognition of the economy and the weather and so that means storing some, renegotiating some, and burning some. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank 
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank : Couple of quick questions on, I think if I heard Anthony right you talked about having exceeded your goals for the year in terms of aggregation and retail sales, is that that you’ve actually already surpassed the annual target or you’re more then ahead of plan to meet that target. 
Mark Clark : Let me answer that, I would characterize it as that we’re ahead of plan. That we’re very pleased with the results of the group so far. We’re, our strategy is to keep 7% to 10% of our generation back for the wholesale market spot, ancillaries and those types of things.  So they’re still selling and they’re still being aggressive in the aggregation particularly in the industrial market. Not surprisingly they started with the large industrial customers and they’re working their way down through the list. So we would expect that to continue to grow throughout the year.  And that’s the charge we’ve assigned to them. 
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank : But you’re not saying you’re already ahead of that annual target. 
Mark Clark : Yes, yes we are. 
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank : And can you talk a little about margins, as opposed to just the volumes you’ve achieved there and generally the competitive landscape as you look into profitability in that business. 
Mark Clark : We’re not going to speak to margin because in our view that’s somewhat competitive information so the margins are about where we’d expect them to be. They’re a little soft right now because of the economy, the weather, in particularly the decline in the industrial sales has left an awful lot of capacity in the market so, it’s a soft market but we’re pleased with the margins and we’re making sales. 
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank : Would you say margins are kind of where you expected them to be when you launched this plan earlier in the year or are they coming in below that or above. 
Mark Clark : Well I think (a) they’re lower then what we had originally planned in let’s say 2007 and 2008, improving slightly as we’re working our way through the year and part of our strategy is to get these retail customers under contract so when the auctions are up hopefully the margins will be up when these contracts just automatically be renewed. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hugh Wynne – Sanford Bernstein 
Hugh Wynne – Sanford Bernstein : What’s the best way for us to think about the decline in megawatt hours produced by your generation fleet this year and the potential recovery of that output in subsequent years. On the one hand I can construct a scenario in my mind where a more stringent version of the clean air interstate rule might for example might require you to install scrubbers more widely on your fleet and that might lead to some of these plants being retired and that generation perhaps not coming back on a permanent basis. On the other hand you may have a completely different view regarding the recovery of that output with the end of the recession and that generation that’s serving as a tailwind to the earnings in 2010, 2011 and beyond. I’d just be interested in your view as to the fate of that portion of the fleet. 
Anthony Alexander : A lot of questions in there, and an awful lot of speculation. My own sense is that what you’re seeing from the standpoint of generation this year is really primarily related to what’s going on in the wholesale markets and the economy. That coupled with about as nice a summer as you can hopefully have and perhaps never experience again. All of which combined to make the market for electricity much weaker and softer then you would expect.  Couple that with the fact that we started the summer essentially probably about 80% to 90% open with respect to our generation production, our capabilities roughly 80 million. Ohio is roughly 60 million megawatt hours a load, not quite that high, but I like to think about in those kind of contexts.  Its unlikely that we will ever have that load, that much load open as we move through a transition ever again and we all understood that going into this because the rules in Ohio required you to, that you would potentially have to serve 100% of it.  So we’re working through that transition the last part of that transition right now which is the conversion of that open position into longer term retail and other sales that lock in the usage of our generating facilities. We’re well on our way to accomplishing what I think is reasonable and my sense is that as the economy recovers, as the demand for energy in the marketplace improves as the industrial load continues to grow.  There’ll be plenty of room for every kilowatt hour we can produce and that’s where we’re heading. 
Hugh Wynne – Sanford Bernstein : And then just on the question of your O&M savings, you obviously have had enough success so far this year to reinstitute the incentive compensation, have you revised at all your thinking regarding the next year. Are there savings that you believe will be in excess of plan or do you see some of these reversing next year. What’s an updated view on O&M cost cuts. 
Mark Clark : Well first, the incentive comp was expensed but as I alluded to before it could just as easily be reversed if we don’t continue on our target. Without again getting into 2010, in my comments, we’ve eliminated 1,000 employees through severance or employee early retirement enhanced programs. So those employees won’t be here.  We changed the healthcare benefit programs, we also alluded to I think in the second quarter conference call that we flattened our overall organization back in May which effected about 5% of our non-unionized work force.  And the other comment I would make is some of this is aligned with the economy itself. Right now we’re saving overtime but next year we may spend overtime if bringing that plant back on is economic from a revenue standpoint. So certain expenses like the employees will clearly go forward.  Other expenses might track down like overtime but they would have revenue offsets to them. So as I said we’re very, very pleased with what our employees have done so far. They’re committed and they have quite a bit of incentive to keep going. 
Hugh Wynne – Sanford Bernstein : Can I just ask you to repeat your answer to a previous question, what was the earnings impact of the cool weather in the third quarter relative to normal. 
Mark Clark : On the revenue side, on the wires distribution side, it was actually 40 million which was the $0.08, $0.07 or roughly 35 million of that was related to residential and then again on the distribution delivery side, we don’t see much revenue dispersion because of the contracts coming off and some of the demand features of their contracts itself. 
Hugh Wynne – Sanford Bernstein : So about $0.08 is the weather impact relative to normal. 
Mark Clark : Yes, that’s what I would say. 
Anthony Alexander : That would be the weather impact roughly relative to normal on the distribution side of the business. The weather also effects wholesale prices significantly and it did this summer. And that runs through the entire rest of the system including the generation margins that you’re seeing. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: Really two questions, the first is you’ve routinely stripped out impairments in the securities in your nuclear decommissioning fund as a non operating item, how do you not treat a $0.23 gain due to strategic repositioning in the same way. 
Mark Clark : We’d look at that a little differently. I want to emphasize that employee incentives were reduced last year because of the significant $123 million nuclear decommissioning impairment. Our employees are only going to get paid their incentive if we achieve our earnings. Our earnings are partially going to be effected by the nuclear decommissioning trust, its going to be effected by their ability to reduce O&M.  Its going to be effected by our ability to continue our path on the retail side, so its effected by a lot of things but last year they were penalized. Whether they are rewarded this year will completely depend on whether we hit our targets. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: Right but that’s, this still a $0.23 non recurring gain in the quarter, is it not. 
Harvey Wagner:  Traditionally we have carved out or normalized out the accounting impairment for the nuclear decommissioning trust. We don’t believe that its appropriate to carve out realized gains from the sale of the securities and that’s been our approach consistently applied throughout the time that we’ve been required to recognize these impairments. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: Okay I guess I think you’ve actually said that on past confidence. Second question that I have is back in June you talked about 70 million megawatt hours this year which are now closer to 65, for 2010 you had given a number of close to 81 million megawatt hours. Given where you are in industrial sales and given where the economy is, should we assume that that 81 could be subject to a downward revision. 
Mark Clark : As Anthony alluded to we’ll be giving some rather detailed guidance in about six weeks and so we’ll defer that question until then. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital: Maybe I’ll follow-up on the last question there, did you happen to see much coal to gas switching in the third quarter and could you quantify that if possible. It seemed that that could have been a factor for the low capacity factor in your load following assets. 
Bill Bird : We really didn’t observe much coal to gas switching in the market. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates 
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates : Just to follow-up on a few things, one is the deferral of coal to be burnt and what have you, when you’re stock piling that coal, you’re deferring delivery, we’ve seen some companies defer the higher cost coal in terms of what they’re not burning and as a result we’ve seen some cost shifting now projected into future years. How does that work with you. 
Mark Clark : I think it’s a balancing act as you might guess. The mining companies would like to deliver the high cost coal and we’d like to not have it delivered so we’re trying to work with them. They have issues we have issues and depends on the supplier. But we are trying to work through it. 
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates : Okay so all things being equal, because of this less coal that you’re burning, you might see a little bit of a higher increase in coal expense just on a per ton basis in 2010 then we would have otherwise seen.  
Mark Clark : Yes, maybe, but I think we’ll be more specific with that on December 3. 
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates : And then in terms of the shopping in territory I think you said that you have a 73% share, is that correct. 
Mark Clark : That’s correct.  
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates : And that’s the in service, that’s the Ohio territory, your territory correct. 
Mark Clark :  Correct.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates : Now what about your activities outside of there, have you been able to, I know you had some designs on a few of your neighboring utilities, how is that working and can you give us an update on that. 
Mark Clark : What we’ve decided to do was to really be much more aggressive in our own footprint if you will, kind of take first mover advantage where they’re used to our name. As I said before on the industrial accounts, work our way down the list and as we’ve gone down through that list and got communities getting ready to aggregate, now we have the time to start moving into some of the other regions that we’ve talked about.  Whether that’s southern Ohio, western Pennsylvania, or west of us, so our first move was to try to capture as much as we could in our own footprint and now we’re starting to make movements outside of that. So we’re about, as we’ve said, we’re ahead of where we expected to be at this point and we’re very pleased with what our retail group has done. 
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates : On the economic outlook, you sounded a little bit more I think there was a little bit more of a less optimistic perhaps, I don’t mean to read into it, maybe you can clarify a little bit more outlook for 2009 in terms of how the economy has been operating, I know you are going to give guidance on December and I don’t mean to jump on that, but what do you think about the economy now with respect to 2010 and what do you think we’re going to see, do you have any flavor for that when you talk to your customers and what have you. 
Mark Clark : I think our customers are as concerned as we are as to where they are. But again, the union at Mattel was very surprised that they added the second shift as fast as they did. You got [inaudible] added 2,000 workers for the Chevy crews so, Ford added on their engine plants. So we’re seeing fairly significant changes in some of the individual facilities but we’re still seeing an overall softness which is why we’ve kind of lowered the top end of our guidance. 
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates : For 2009, but for 2010, do you think-- 
Mark Clark: We’ll give you that in December. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research
Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research: I was wondering if you could help me out your higher transition cost recovery margin it seems that you were anticipating a negative $1.31 and it seems that a lot of it has been pushed into the fourth quarter, is that correct, or I didn’t completely understand how much did you have so far for the nine months. 
Mark Clark : Are you taking about the transition costs—
Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research: Exactly.  
Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research:  The $0.28. 
Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research: Right the $0.28, I was wondering what was the number for the nine months. 
Mark Clark : The transition revenues would be down a little over $220 million. But then the amortization offsets some of that, which is we’ll say $83 million, so you’re getting a $139 million net net in that which is roughly the $0.28 a share.  I think that’s, those are the numbers. 
Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research: But it seemed that for the year you were anticipating $1.31 negative impact, and it looks like if I put the second and third quarter together its far from that number. I was wondering how much it was for the nine months. 
Anthony Alexander : I think perhaps you’re looking just at the revenue side of that equation. The net for the first nine months has been about $0.56 a share. 
Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research: So you’re still looking at like $0.75 coming, and that’s all going to be in the fourth quarter. 
Anthony Alexander : Right it will probably be something less then $0.35.
Mark Clark : I’d like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. Anthony and I look forward to seeing many of you next week at the EEI Financial Conference and as always, we appreciate your continued support and interest in FirstEnergy. Thank you all very much.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-03 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Irene Prezelj – Manager of Investor Relations Anthony J. Alexander - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Mark T. Clark - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Bill Bird - Vice President of Corporate Risk Harvey Wagner - Vice President and Controller Leila Vespoli - Executive Vice President and General Counsel Jim Pearson - Vice President and Treasurer Ron Seeholzer - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley Ashar Khan - Incremental Capital Paul Fremont - Jefferies Capital  Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital  Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital David Frank - Catapult Partners Kit Konolige - Soleil Securities Vidula Murty - CDTUS Brian Chin - Citigroup Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research Travis Miller - Morningstar 
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. second quarter 2009 earnings call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Irene Prezelj, Manager, Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you. You may begin. 
Irene Prezelj: Thanks, Jen. During this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects, and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp. are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated report to the financial community, which was released earlier today and is also available on our website under the earnings release link. Reconciliations to GAAP for the non-GAAP earnings measures we will be referring to today are also contained in that report, as well as on the investor information section of our website at www.firstenergycorp.com/ir. Participating in today’s call are Tony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Clark, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President and General Counsel, Harvey Wagner, Vice President and Controller; Jim Pearson, Vice President and Treasurer; Bill Bird, Vice President of Corporate Risk, and Ron Seeholzer, Vice President of Investor Relations. I will now turn the call over to Mark. 
Mark T. Clark: Thanks, Irene and good afternoon, everyone. As I review our second quarter results, it may be helpful for you to refer to our consolidated report to the financial community which was issued this morning.  Our financial results for the second quarter were positive despite the effects of both the continued slow economy and our region’s mild weather. Excluding special items, normalized non-GAAP earnings were $0.87 per share, which matches our results in the second quarter of 2008.  On a GAAP basis, second quarter earnings were $1.36 per share compared to $0.86 per share in the same period last year.  Five special items have the net effect of increasing GAAP earnings by a total of $0.49 per share. The largest of these was the $0.52 per share gain from our previously announced sale of a 9% participation interesting the Ohio Valley Electric Corporation. This gain was slightly offset by four items that together reduce GAAP earnings by a total of $0.03 per share. These were the impairment of securities held in trust for future nuclear decommissioning activities, organizational restructuring charges, a loss on early debt redemptions, an implementation of our work plan as a result of the strike at Penelec.  There were primarily four positive drivers of this quarter’s results. First, new distribution rates at our Ohio utilities added $0.09 per share to earnings. Second, investment income from corporate owned life insurance increased earnings by $0.01 per share. The third positive was generation gross margin, which increased earnings by $0.08 per share.  Similar to the first quarter, the generation story is made up of several components so I will spend a few minutes going into detail on these results.  Within generation margin, there were principally three positive drivers -- lower fuel expense increased earnings by $0.08 per share. This relates to a reduction in generation output of 4.2 million megawatt hours, or 22%, primarily driven by the economy and wholesale prices. Earnings increased by $0.09 per share as a result of deferred purchase power cost of Cleveland Electric through the end of May 2009. And higher generation prices added $0.02 per share to earnings during the quarter, despite lower retail sales which decline 2.6 million megawatt hours, or 15%.  This decline in retail sales resulted from lower industrial usage and the fact that FirstEnergy's solutions supplied about 84% of the Ohio load this quarter versus 100% last year.  Also within generation margin there were three negatives -- reduced wholesale sales lowered earnings by $0.02 per share. This was a 1.3 million megawatt hour decrease or 38%. Purchase power cost also reduced earnings by $0.01 per share, principally the result of higher capacity expenses in Met-Ed and Penelec. And finally, earnings were reduced by $0.08 per share due to the expiration at the end of 2008 of third-party below market power supply agreements at the Ohio Utilities, Met-Ed, and Penelec.  After generation margin, the fourth positive driver was $111 million in O&M reductions which increased earnings by $0.22 in the second quarter. This was accomplished through a combination of employee severances, wage reductions, changes to employee and retiree benefits, reduced levels of overtime, use of fewer contractors, and the elimination of other expenses.  Cost savings achieved this quarter bring our year-to-date total to $157 million, or $0.31 per share, and we expect to realize the entire $330 million in annual savings previously identified.  The voluntary early retirement program and a supplemental employee severance program currently being implemented will contribute only modestly to our savings target this year. A full year’s impact will be realized in 2010.  Five items partially offset the quarter’s positive results -- first, earnings decreased by $0.15 per share as a result of the completion of the transition cost recovery at the end of 2008 for both Ohio Edison and Toledo Edison, coupled with the reduction at Cleveland Electric in June 2009.  Second, the Ohio distribution deferrals, which ended December 31, 2008, reduced earnings by $0.08 per share.  Third, higher pension expense lowered earnings by $0.11 per share.  Fourth, depreciation expense due to incremental property additions decreased earnings by $0.04 per share.  And finally, higher generation taxes due to higher property taxes reduced earnings by $0.01 per share.  Distribution deliveries had essentially -- had an essentially flat impact on year-over-year results due to several offsetting rate changes but declined 2.5 million megawatt hours in the quarter, or 9% due to the continued economic slowdown and the mild weather across our service territories. The decline was primarily driven by a 1.9 million megawatt hour decrease in deliverables to the industrial class. In particular, usage from steel and automotive customers in the Ohio region dropped by 800 million megawatt hours or 43% compared to the second quarter of 2008.  While industrial sales continued to decline this quarter, over the past two months we’ve seen what I am optimistically calling a slow-down in the rate of that decline with several sectors appearing to have bottomed out. However, the continued recession and below normal weather are having an impact on the company.  For example, we continue to experience historically low regional summertime temperatures across our service area with July weather significantly below normal. While we are reaffirming our 2009 non-GAAP earnings guidance of $3.70 to $3.85 per share, it’s too early to predict how the rest of the summer may affect this year’s results.  Obviously we’ll be better able to quantify the impact of weather and the continuing recession on our next earnings call.  Now I’d like to turn things over to Tony. 
Anthony J. Alexander: Thanks, Mark and good afternoon, everyone. I would like to start with an update on our operations. Beginning with our announcement last Friday that we intend to align all of our transmission assets within PJM, this change is not a reflection on the job [Miso] has done for us over the years. It’s simply recognition that because Miso operates in predominantly regulated states, PJM is a better fit for our competitive focus. We expect to file with FERC soon for approval to integrate within PJM on June 1, 2011. This will coincide with the implementation of the next generation procurement for our Ohio utilities.  Moving now to an update on our Montana coal mine operations, construction is well underway at Signal Peak. We expect to move into production later this year. Both the wash plant and rail line are nearing completion. The long wall is scheduled to be in operation in late November. We’ve also secured multiple test cargos that will be shipped into the Asian markets in the fourth quarter.  When complete, this facility will provide us with a source of fuel that has the environmental benefits of western coal, better heat value than [Potter River] Basin coal, and as much as 170 megawatts of additional capacity at our fossil plants.  We’ve also made significant progress on the regulatory front. In Ohio, we recently held two collaborative meetings with the signatory parties to our ESP case to discuss issues surrounding the next competitive generation procurement process. We will use those discussions as the basis for MRO application which we plan to file with the PUCO later this year.  Also in Ohio, last week we filed applications with the PUCO to recover approximately $298 million of deferred distribution costs on an accelerated basis. Collection of these deferrals was originally to begin in January of 2011, but we’ve requested approval by the end of this month to begin collection in September of 2009. Accelerated collection would essentially not have an earnings impact but would enhance our cash position.  Finally, I’d like to update you on our sales efforts within Ohio. To provide some perspective, we’ve built our competitive market expertise over the last several years and while the unregulated group has provided only modest contribution to FirstEnergy's bottom line during that period, it is playing an increasingly important role following the Ohio auction. And this year, we’ve made solid progress to win a significant portion of our Ohio utilities loads through an aggressive campaign targeting governmental aggregation groups and individual customers of all classes. This effort has resulted in nearly 14 million megawatt hours of annual retail load in Ohio, about 25% of the market so far. We expect to continue to add customers and load as our sales efforts expand, both within our traditional Ohio footprint and into other Ohio competitive markets.  When combined with all of our other committed sales, including our position in the Ohio auction, our total generation hedged as a percentage of forecasted output at this point is 93% in 2009 and 76% in 2010.  In closing, I would like to reiterate what we communicated during our analyst meeting in June -- we will build a strong foundation and notwithstanding the current economic environment, our plan is solidly on track. The second quarter was a notable one for FirstEnergy as we completed the transition to a competitive generation market in Ohio. We also met with both S&P and Moody’s, and we are pleased that both have affirmed our ratings with a stable outlook.  We remain committed to maintaining our investment grade credit ratings, executing our financial and operational plans, and to continue meeting our investors’ expectations.  Now we’ll be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Morgan Stanley.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Can you -- I have a couple of questions. The first one is explain the rationale for the transition to PJM, and is one of the reasons to get better transparency and better pricing signal on the underlying value of capacity? Because when I look at the implied value of capacity in the pricing you got in the last procurement, it seems to be pretty skinny. 
Mark T. Clark: I would say yes. 
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: And if you were to be accepted into PJM, would you be pricing that capacity through the same types of pricing mechanisms that current PJM generators -- the auction that they currently bid into, and if so, when would that event occur?
Anthony J. Alexander: Let me take that one because it will have some -- there will be a transition involved if, depending on how the FERC reacts and the timing of their decision.  Let’s just assume that the FERC approves the transaction, us moving into PJM by January or by December or January of this year -- this December of 2009. We would intend to participate in the May auction for the 2013 and 2014 capacity in that time frame, or the capacity requirements when we move into PJM on June 1 of 2011 through May of 2013, that would be conducted under a special transition mechanism that will be proposed as a part of our filing. 
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Right, so that would be -- there would sort of be a fill-in auction. 
Anthony J. Alexander: Yes, that’s what we will propose. 
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Second question -- anecdotal evidence on industrial, potential pick-up in industrial production, we’re seeing a lot of news about the big, the huge feedback that the government is getting on the cash for clunkers and I read some things over the weekend about dealers actually saying that they are running out of cars in specified models. Taking that, as well as other economic factors into consideration, do you think industrial production in your region has bottomed? And if you were to give us sort of a base case for the next six to 12 months on what we should be assuming, what would it be?
Anthony J. Alexander: I don’t know if we’re prepared to give you a base case but I will give you a couple of, which you referred to, anecdotal evidence. We saw steel in May for the first time not actually continue to decline but with a slight increase and then in June, it kind of stayed around where it was at the end of May. So we’ve seen that declining month over month balance stop.  In the auto sector, Ford has announced a 16% increase in their production from their prior schedule. I believe it was today the large Lordstown facility announced that they are bringing 2,000 workers back. Chrysler, out of bankruptcy, is bringing their plants back. General Motors, Lordstown is also the plant that is in the hundreds of millions of dollars of conversions for the Cruise automobile, so I wouldn’t say, as I said in my comments, that we are indicating that we are out of the recession but it does seem to appear that some of the more positive events have stabilized and they are no longer in kind of a declining mode. Refineries would be another example. They are tracking closer to where they were in January.  So we are seeing bits and pieces across the whole service territory. 
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan from Incremental Capital.
Ashar Khan - Incremental Capital: Good afternoon. Just going back to the question, the fill-in auction, Tony, that you referred too -- that will price the capacity as part of that auction, is that correct? And which zone will we be allocated? Is there some thoughts on that?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, I don’t believe there will be any zone reallocation. There will be a special auction conducted. It will have certain terms and obligations within it that will -- and mitigation measures, obviously, because this is kind of a single area auction. A lot of the details will be covered, at least some of the details will be covered in the application that we intend to file and we’ll just have to see how that plays out. 
Ashar Khan - Incremental Capital: But then in the May auction which, for 2013 and 2014, do you have a sense -- are you going to be part of the RTO or is it going to be a special zone? Do you have a sense where you would fall, or that is to be determined? 
Anthony J. Alexander: I am going to let Bill Bird try to answer that for you. 
Bill Bird : We expect our [load zone] will be included in the rest of pool capacity [done at PJM]. 
Ashar Khan - Incremental Capital: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont with Jefferies Capital.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies Capital : Thank you. I guess my first question would be the cash that you took in from the sale of [OVEC], is that very close to the gain of $254 million that you reported?
Mark T. Clark: Yes. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies Capital : Second question is on the load following utilization, there was a significant drop-off I guess to -- on those units to like 25%. What would be sort of the drivers behind the reduction in utilization in that part of your fleet?
Mark T. Clark: I think the economy would be one and then the mild weather. I mean, for example, in July 2008 there were 249 cooling degree days and in July of 2009, there were 130 -- it was almost a 50% drop in cooling degree days. We talked about the economy so I guess the simple answer is if no one is requiring use, we’re going to shut our plants down. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies Capital : And was there any evidence of switching to gas or gas displacing coal or that didn’t really happen?
Mark T. Clark: No, not that we’ve seen. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies Capital : And I guess the last thing is you guys pointed out mild weather so far in July -- should we read into that within the range of your guidance that you -- that that would place you towards the lower end or is it just too early at this point to gauge the weather impact?
Mark T. Clark: Well, I would say we’re just too early. We’ve still got two months of this quarter, three months of the fourth quarter. But it was, you know, as we said, very abnormal weather in July. I think you heard that almost repeated throughout the region. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies Capital : Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein: Good afternoon. I just wanted to congratulate you all for this exceptional reduction on O&M expenses. It’s really very impressive.  The question I have is with respect to the cash flow statement. The third quarter showed some material improvement in cash flow from operating activities, almost $700 million over the same quarter of last year. Cash used for investment falls by something just short of $500 million.  My question is are these developments driven by temporary factors, shifts in working capital that are unlikely to recur? Or is there something more structural afoot here that’s indicative of more robust cash flow going forward?
Mark T. Clark: Well, I think there’s some structural issues. We’ve reduced our work force. We’ve changed healthcare benefits, things like that, so there are some structural changes. There are what I will call intermediate changes as the load is down. We’ve deferred or accelerated some of our outages. We’ve reduced overtime. We’ve reduced contractor spend. Clearly as the economy comes back, if it’s more economic to have the unit back up, we will and those expenses will be offset by revenue. I think Harvey could give you some additional flavor.   
Harvey Wagner:  The major drivers there for this year over last year, obviously the gain on the OVEC sale added about $158 million to operating cash. We had a collection of receivables were $116 million higher than the prior year, and reduced tax payments of about $258 million, so those are the major drivers. Obviously receivables, tax payments, there’s a lot of timing around that. I wouldn’t call those structural things. 
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein: All right, so I think basically in your view, the bulk of this is driven by timing of collections and tax payments and the OVEC sale. What about the CapEx -- is that -- 
Harvey Wagner: You might recall last year in the second quarter is when we made our acquisition of Freemont, the partially completed natural gas plant. That constituted I think somewhere around the $250 million range, so that’s probably the biggest driver for the change in the investing activities. 
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein: Great. Thank you very much for the detail in the answer. Appreciate it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gregg Orrill with Barclays Capital.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital : I was wondering if you could follow-up on the increased level of generation hedging for 2010, just kind of what -- where the additional retail sales came from and how the pricing was relative to your expectations. 
Mark T. Clark: I think the incremental sales came from the fact that we’ve announced that aggregation of the communities. Ohio is significantly different than other states in that you can aggregate entire communities at the same time. I think we are up to 50 or 60 communities, in that range. Also individual sales to large commercial industrial accounts and some smallish mass market types of mailing but it’s principally aggregation and then the large commercial industrial sectors. 
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital : And the mix of pricing there, how did that compare to expectations? 
Anthony J. Alexander: It’s going okay, Gregg. 
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital : Thanks, Tony. 
Anthony J. Alexander: Obviously we’re not going to talk about pricing information at this point. 
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital : Okay. Good news either way. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with Keybanc.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital: Could you elaborate a little more on progress you’ve made today moving outside your traditional Ohio footprint, and kind of what you envision there and what you think your competitive advantage could be?
Anthony J. Alexander: Principally, you have to take Western Pennsylvania, Illinois -- [the only difference] between the two is that in Pennsylvania, some of that can be sourced from our own generation. In Illinois, we were sourcing out of the market but now we can source from our own generation. But I would characterize that our main focus right now is capturing customers that have the ability to shop in Ohio. That’s somewhat time constricted but once we get through Ohio and we’re pretty comfortable with where we want to be in Ohio, we’ll start to again move aggressively both to the southern part of Ohio and then also East and West outside. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital: What’s the time constraint on doing this?
Anthony J. Alexander: Customers can shop now. It’s open. It’s a market. We’d like to sign up the customers before somebody else does. It’s just kind of traditional marketing. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital: I understand. Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Frank with Catapult.
David Frank - Catapult Partners: Good afternoon. A question -- how would joining PJM impact the cost of transmitting power from Generation Ohio to Pennsylvania? Are there some seams payments that would decrease or go away?
Anthony J. Alexander: I don’t think so, David -- not material, anyways. 
David Frank - Catapult Partners: Okay. And what was the embedded value of capacity, either in terms of megawatt hour in the last auction or megawatt day in the Ohio auction? 
Mark T. Clark: I don’t think it was -- it’s not broken out and I don’t think you will find many competitors willing to break it out. 
David Frank - Catapult Partners: Okay. You guys can’t provide an estimate for us?
Mark T. Clark: No. It’d be difficult. 
David Frank - Catapult Partners: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kit Konolige with Soleil Securities.
Kit Konolige - Soleil Securities: I have a feeling from the no comment answers so far that I’m not going to get too much further on some of this but just to shift over a little from the Ohio sales and developing your marketing there at the beginning of ’11, or I guess before then you will have auctions and you will be selling into Pennsylvania. Can you give us some sense of what that’s going to be -- I mean, is that just its own auction as well and there’s very little we can compare that to to get an idea of how much, what kind of pricing we are going to be seeing there?
Anthony J. Alexander: Kit, I think at this point, you are just going to have to wait. I mean, those auctions will probably take place for at least our Pennsylvania subsidiaries at Met-ed and Penelec, probably beginning sometime next year is what our game plan is. So sometime in 2010. I believe we are proposing multiple auctions, all of which will take place before probably the end of the fourth quarter. 
Kit Konolige - Soleil Securities: Right, and they will be done the way the other auctions are in Pennsylvania, just like a -- there will be I think four -- is there four of them and they’ll just be done -- pick four days, have an auction, everything’s rolled into it and you’re not bidding separately for any capacity, anything like that?
Leila Vespoli: Right now, there is a procurement case going on at the commission and we’ve announced with the judge that there will be a settlement filed shortly. The contents of that settlement are not public at this point but will be shortly, but you can expect something similar to what you saw in Ohio, although in Pennsylvania, there are slightly different legislative requirements so you might see some things with respect to shorter term product that you did not see in Ohio. 
Anthony J. Alexander: Kit, it’s probably just a little early for that -- why don’t we wait until that material gets filed and then you can take a look at it?
Kit Konolige - Soleil Securities: Well, that’s no fun. You’ve got to know it in advance, right? Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Vidula Murty with CDTUS].
Vidula Murty - CDTUS: A couple of things -- one, I’m wondering, can you -- in terms of -- I think you mentioned that you now have 86% of your service territory through the first [inaudible] versus 100 previously. Can you talk about whether -- when you think about your opportunities outside of your service territory and customers you may be picking up, net net whether you are offsetting the reduction of your market share within the historic base?
Mark T. Clark: It’s not so much in our minds megawatt hours or market share as it is margin -- how much margin we may be picking up in -- you know, I don’t know, Illinois, Western Pennsylvania, Ohio, what’s left in Ohio, Southern Ohio. We prefer to think of it as margin, we could pick up a substantial amount of megawatt hours and lose money at the same time, just based on pricing.  So our focus is going after those markets where we believe there’s sufficient margin in Ohio and southern Ohio. There’s certain rate classifications that that’s attractive. In Illinois, some of the large commercial/industrial accounts, similar in Western Pennsylvania, so it’s really more looking at the types of rates, the customer, the load factors, the shapes of the load, those types of things, all play into which customers per se we go after. 
Vidula Murty - CDTUS: Well, I mean, have you been able to basically build off of your gross margin base that you had from 100% through optimizing your customers availability and their margin profiles?
Mark T. Clark: Yes, but I would only characterize it to say that we had margin from FES before. It’s just now that it’s significantly larger. In Tony’s comments, we didn’t just start in the retail business. We’ve been doing it for almost a decade so it’s -- I would characterize it more as building upon the margin that already existed. 
Vidula Murty - CDTUS: Okay, my second question relates to the pension expense here in the second quarter. Is this -- this is not something -- should we be annualizing this going forward in terms of the rest of the year or is there some timing issues? How should we think about that?
Mark T. Clark: I think that I would just encourage you to annualize it. It will be re-measured at the end of the year based on the asset base and the amortization of any expenses, so I think we’ve given pretty clear guidance that it’s about that annualized and then when we make the calculation again, I think Harvey, you make that what, December 31st?
Harvey Wagner: Right. 
Mark T. Clark: And then we’ll include that into the ’10 guidance.  
Vidula Murty - CDTUS: Okay. My last question is can you talk about how, now that you’ve gone through your credit reviews and everything like that, can you talk about the financing plans in terms of dealing with the short-term debt balances and the maturities coming up?
Mark T. Clark: Sure. I think if you look at it, we have the whole [code] debt in 2011, we have the revolver in ’12, we have the pension short-fall in ’15, we have the sale leaseback in ’16. So we are fairly aware of what’s coming.  The issue to us is I think it’s somewhat two- or three-fold. One is we want to make certain that the capital structures of the operating companies are aligned with the regulatory rate-making structures. Second, we want to make certain that the liability of the debt is aligned with the asset, and as you know, we use short-term debt principally to fund the AQC project. We’d like to take that, make that more permanent, put the liability there versus the holding company.  And third, we’d like to get some of the variable rate debt down. I think we are looking at pulling it down about 5 or 6 percentage points -- if I’m wrong, Jim will correct me here. Just because we are not certain where the rates are, it’s an attractive market now to do that, so I would say those three components, aligning the cap structures with the regulatory process, aligning the debt with the asset, and moving some of the variable rate debt over to the fixed side. 
Vidula Murty - CDTUS: So it would be fair to say that the last two are things that may well occur during the balance of 2009?
Mark T. Clark:   Most definitely, yes. 
Vidula Murty - CDTUS: And can you give us a range of how many dollars are probably tied to that part of it?
Jim Pearson: You know, one thing we have from the -- we’ve requested regulatory approval to issue up to $600 million at Pennsylvania Electric. We’ve also requested up to $300 million at Cleveland Electric, so those are some of the financings that we could be doing from the regulated side. And as Mark alluded to earlier, at FES, you know, we’ve funded the Fremont, the AQC, as well as some of the repurchases of our nuclear sale and leasebacks using our revolving credit facility and we have about $1 billion borrowed on our revolving credit facility there, so as Mark alluded to, we would be looking at replacing a portion of that with longer term financing in time. 
Vidula Murty - CDTUS: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Brian Chin with Citigroup.
Brian Chin - Citigroup: On the PJM topic, we’ve read that the supply in the FirstEnergy region would add roughly around 7% to PJM’s peak supply, and that the load in your region would add roughly 8% to PJM’s peak load, so the net RTO reserve margin decrease would be around 1% or so. Do those numbers sound generally in the right ballpark or is there something there that we might be missing?
Mark T. Clark: No, they sound about right. I don’t know how they are calculated but that sounds about right. 
Brian Chin - Citigroup: Great. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniele Seitz with Dudak Research.
Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research: Thank you. I was wondering if your estimates on the generation that you did earlier on are still on target in terms of total generation for this year?
Mark T. Clark: Yes, we’re not at this point planning any change in our generation forecast. Obviously that’s subject to weather, the economy, and a host of other factors. 
Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research: And no major change -- you can still make those numbers?
Mark T. Clark: Yes. 
Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research: Okay, great. And as far as the O&M, did I understand right that you were saying that you would reach your target in 2010 or I was not correct?
Mark T. Clark: I’m sorry, what’s the question?
Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research: You mentioned when you mentioned the $330 million of O&M savings, you mentioned that you will reach that target in 2010 or was that not what I was supposed to understand?
Mark T. Clark: We’re going to reach that target in 2009. 
Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research: Okay, and these are -- you do not anticipate that there is a lot of one-time are in that number, it’s something that will be pretty much permanent?
Mark T. Clark: Well, there are some one-time items and there are some permanent items -- for example, staffing reductions, those that were made in March are more than likely permanent. There are some other reductions that may be one-time. For example, if we’ve extended an outage because of the market conditions, next year we may not do that but if you just look at the expense without looking at the revenue offset it, it’s attractive to accelerate that plan and bring it back into the market soon. Someone might argue that was a one-time expense but on the other hand, the revenue is offsetting that so we end up with a positive, so there’s bits and pieces of everything in there. 
Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research: But it’s not -- no major numbers there that would -- what I understand is that the O&M savings are likely to continue in 2010 from other areas?
Mark T. Clark: Maybe I can rephrase your question and say it a little bit differently -- do I think that we are going to see a major reduction in that O&M number, and I would say no. 
Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research: Okay. Thank you for asking me. Thank you. 
Mark T. Clark: We’ll take one more call. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar.   
Travis Miller - Morningstar : Good afternoon. Remind me if I am -- I want to make sure I am correct here. You guys had two extra nuclear outages in the quarter, is that correct?
Mark T. Clark: Yes, I think if you take it over the course of the year, we had three plus I’ll say a half that we took a plant down, or maybe somebody here can give you the exact numbers but I think the scheduled planned, unplanned nuclear outages for the year are roughly 175 days. 
Travis Miller - Morningstar : 175 days, and if I look at your release here, you had three -- at least portions of three in the second quarter. How much did that add to the other operating expense line versus 2Q08?
Mark T. Clark: No, nuclear generation was down for the quarter so that’s our least costly fuel based plant, so you just -- you’d have to compare that to what our next most expensive fossil [inaudible] plant would have been on an economic dispatch. 
Travis Miller - Morningstar : That’s on the gross margin line though, right?
Mark T. Clark: Right. 
Travis Miller - Morningstar : What about in the other operating expense line, O&M?
Mark T. Clark: Pretty much similar. 
Travis Miller - Morningstar : Similar to 2Q08?
Mark T. Clark: Oh, to ’08? I would say they are fairly constant, in terms of budget reductions and other cost changes. 
Anthony J. Alexander: I don’t remember whether or not we had a nuclear outage in the second quarter of 2008 to make a comparison with but -- 
Mark T. Clark: In the second quarter of 2008, we had planned outages that were 39 days, second quarter of ’09, we had planned at Perry of 42, Beaver Valley one of 31; maintenance at Davis Bessie at 17, and forced at Perry of five, so that would be like 95 days to 39 in the second quarter, roughly round numbers 100,000 megawatt hours and the O&M expenses are roughly the same between quarters year over year. 
Travis Miller - Morningstar : On just those -- I’m just thinking the outages should cost more, right? I mean, if you have more outages you should have higher operating expense, or is that not correct?
Mark T. Clark: We’d have higher fuel expense. 
Travis Miller - Morningstar : Fuel, sure, but even at the operating line, would you not have extra O&M for an outage?
Harvey Wagner: It depends on the scope of the work that’s being done. Some if it is capital, some of it is O&M, year over year -- frankly, the O&M costs excluding fuel were flat. 
Travis Miller - Morningstar : Okay. Great. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the call back to management for any closing remarks. 
Ron Seeholzer: I’ll just make one correction from the script -- we had Tony misquote something in his portion of the script. I want to make sure it was corrected -- we talked about usage dropping in steel and automotive customers in the [high region]. He misspoke and said 800 million megawatt hours; it should have been 800,000 megawatt hours. Thanks. 
Anthony J. Alexander: I would like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today and as always, we appreciate your continued support and interest in FirstEnergy. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-05 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Anthony Alexander - President and Chief Executive Officer Mark Clark - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Leila Vespoli - Executive Vice President and General Counsel Harvey Wagner - Vice President and Controller Jim Pearson - Vice President and Treasurer Bill Bird - Vice President of Corporate Risk Ron Seeholzer - Vice President of Investor Relations Irene Prezelj – Manager of Investor Relations
Analysts: Kit Konolige - Soleil Securities Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein David Frank - Catapult Partners Jeff Coviello - Duquesne Capital Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board
 - :
Operator: Welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Irene Prezelj, Manager of Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. Thank you Ms. Prezelj, you may begin.
Irene Prezelj: Thank you and good afternoon. During this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp. are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties.  A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated report to the financial community, which was released earlier today and is also available on our website under the earnings release link. Reconciliation to GAAP for the non-GAAP earnings measures, we will be referring to today are also contained in that report as well as on the investor information section of our website at www.firstenergycorp.com/ir. Participating in today’s call are Anthony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Clark, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Leila Vespoli, Executive Vice President and General Counsel, Harvey Wagner, Vice President and Controller; Jim Pearson, Vice President and Treasurer; Bill Bird, Vice President of Corporate Risk, and Ron Seeholzer, Vice President of Investor Relations. I’ll now turn the call over to Anthony.
Anthony Alexander: Thanks Irene and good afternoon everyone. Earlier today, we’ve reported first quarter 2009 normalized non-GAAP earnings of $1.02 per share this compares to $0.88 reported for the first quarter of 2008 and as a positive start of the year. Especially, given the challenges our industry faces in the current economic climate. Our recently named CFO, Mark Clark will provide you with more details about out financial results. First, I’d like to give you a short overview of recent significant events including some positive regulatory developments. First and foremost is a resolution of our amended Electric Security Plan in Ohio. On March 25, the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio approved our amended plan, which was signed by nearly all of the parties in the case. I believe the plan strikes the appropriate balance we were seeking. It settles pricing and service arrangements, for the distribution of the electric service through the end of 2011 and provides for a competitive bidding process to establish generation prices through May 2011. Under the plan, FES is supplying essentially 100% of the generation in April and May 2009 to our Ohio utilities at the average wholesale rate established in the December 2008 bidding process of $66.68 per megawatt-hour and the January through March generation prices were approved. Retail generation rates, for the two year period beginning June 1, will be set from the results of the descending clock competitive bidding process that begins on May 13. In this process, the Ohio utilities will seek to procure on a slice of system basis 100% of their supply requirements, including energy and capacity, transmission and ancillary services. This bidding process will be conducted by an independent bid manager and represents a key step forward in our transition to competitive markets in Ohio. The Cleveland Electric Illuminating Company will continue to defer a portion of its purchase power cost during April and May with recovery of the deferred balance plus carrying costs beginning June 1 of 2011. The plan also, freezes base distribution rates through the end of 2011, establishes a delivery service improvement writer effective April 1, 2009 through December 31, 2011 and helps to mitigate some financial risks through the addition of writers to recover uncollectible accounts and deferrals previously approved by the commission. Finally as a result of the plan, we have written 50% of CEIs extended RTC balance, which is about $216 million. The impact of that reduction will be reflected in customer’s bills beginning on June 1, 2009. Now turning to Pennsylvania, in late February we filed with the Pennsylvania public utilities commission, a generation procurement plan for Met-Ed and Penelec for 2011 through 2013. In the planned we proposed a staggered procurement schedule as required by Pennsylvania law and we hope to have a final order from the commission by October of this year. Also in Pennsylvania the legislative debate continues with respect to phasing in customer rates when rate caps expire at the end of 2010 for Met-Ed and Penelec. Hearings were held in late March and our Executive Vice President and General Counsel, Leila Vespoli testified on behalf of our company’s. We support a carefully crafted phase in as long as several important areas are addressed, including establishing the right phase in level and insuring full recovery of any resulting deferrals and carrying charges. Leila and her team continued to work with legislative leaders on these important issues. Now let’s move to two more recent generation related announcements. First on April 1, we announced plans to re-power our burger plant units four and five totaling just over 300 megawatts with biomass. When complete the burger plant located in Shadyside, Ohio is expected to be one of the largest biomass facilities in the United States. The capital cost for retrofitting the facility are estimated to be approximately $200 million, which is less than the estimated cost to install scrubbers and other environmental equipment that would have been needed to continue operating the plant with coal. We expect to complete the conversion in 2012. Importantly the re-powered facility will help us achieve the newly enacted Ohio renewable energy portfolio goals. More recently on May 1, our unregulated generation company announce to sale of 9% participation interest in the Ohio valley electric company for $252 million. This transaction is expected to increase earnings in the second quarter by a $159 million, that’s the after tax number. We’re pleased with these another accomplishments. We were not immune to the adverse effects of the current economic climate. It should be no surprised that we experience reduced customers loads during the quarter. The ongoing recession resulted in a 7% decline in distribution deliveries across our three states service territory, as compared to the prior year and our industrial sales were off about 17% for the first quarter of 2008.  While this sales decline was largely offset by several factors, including colder weather resulting in no significant earnings impact for the quarter compared to last year, it is lightly to impact the remainder of the year. On the generation side, our output was lower and we expect that our generation output for the year will be down, in comparison to 2008, partly related to three schedule nuclear refueling outages in 2009 as well as a fairly significant number of planed fossil outages in the second half of the year, including the tie in of Sammis Unit 6 as part of our air quality control project. We’re also reevaluating our near-term maintenance outage schedules, as well as outages scheduled over the next several years and may take advantage of the reduce loads we are experience as a result of the recession to undertake additional work on our facilities, which would include our largest units. Our emphasis on the fundamentals of the business remains unchanged. We continue to pursue operational excellence in our energy delivery and unregulated generation operations, maintain rigorous financial discipline and a focus on continuous improvement throughout the organization. The solid foundations we have carefully build over the past several years, as positioned us well as we work through the current challenges. I know many of you may have questions, concerning the upcoming Ohio competitive bid process. Let me start by answering any questions, you might have about the mechanics of the auction. The competitive bid process is scheduled to begin on May 13. We expect it to end the same day, but the process is run by an independent auction manger and it could take longer. The Ohio utilities will know the result as soon as the auction is completed, but will be able to disclose information until the PUCO rules on the validity of the completed process. PUCO has up to two business days after completion of the auction to make their ruling. So an official announcement of the winning price from the PUCO could come on Friday, May 15 or Monday, May 18 or thereafter. However contracts are not schedule to be sign by the winning bidders until Monday, May 18 at the earliest. Beyond the mechanics, you may have question regarding our view on price. There are number of reasons we cannot speculate on what the outcome of the competitive bid will be, FES which is FirstEnergy solutions, and we presume other bidders are currently developing their bidding strategy which will include the review of the forward energy prices as well as a host of other items, such as premiums for shopping and low shaping risk, capacity ancillary transmission and collateral cost and margins appropriate over the two year period of the obligation. We expect that the competitive bidding process will be robust with many participants, outside of that there really isn’t much we can talk about until after the process is complete. While we will not speculate about the price in advance of the auction, we have already taken steps on the retail side to locking communities through government aggregation. We have signed 20 communities so far we are actively implementing our retail strategy. I would like to introduce to you our new CFO, Mark Clark for details on the events that helped to shape our positive results for the first quarter of 2009. Mark.
Mark Clark:  Thanks Tony and good afternoon everyone. It’s a pleasure to join you today in my new capacity. Before I start let me recognize the outstanding job that Rich Marsh did as our CFO for the past 11 years. I look forward to working with all of you. As I review our first quarter results it maybe helpful for you to refer to our consolidated report to the financial community that was issue this morning. As Tony mentioned normalize, non-GAAP earnings for the quarter were $1.02 per share compared with $0.88 per share in the first quarter of 2008. On a GAAP basis earnings in the first quarter were $0.39 per share compared to GAAP earnings of $0.91 per share in the same period last year. First quarter 2009 results include four special items that in total reduced earnings by $0.63 per share. First among these were one-time regulatory charges totaling $261 million or $0.55 per share for the Cleveland electric extended RTC write-off and other obligations primarily associated with implementing the amended electric security plan. Second, the impairment of securities held in trust or future decommissioning activities reduced earning to $0.07 per share. $0.05 per share earnings decrease was associated with our organization of restructuring and finally, earnings benefited from a $0.04 per share gain from the resolution of tax issue related to prior years. There were seven factors that contributed to this quarter’s positive results. The first two are related to the distribution side of our business. First, lower energy delivery expenses increased earnings by $0.06 per share, driven primarily by cost control measures. Also more of our vegetation management work was associated with capital projects in 2009 compared with the first quarter of last year and higher distribution rates in Ohio, which became effective January 3, for Ohio Edison and Toledo Edison increased earnings by $0.04 per share. The third positive driver was $0.30 per share increase in generation gross margin, which is made up of the following components. Retail electric generation sales, excluding sales source from third-party suppliers to retail, there were down 4.1 million megawatt-hours or 21% for an overall negative impact of $0.12 per share. This was offset by higher wholesale sales, which increased by 800,000 megawatt-hours or 28% and added $0.15 per share to generation margin.  As primarily reflected the increased availability of generation for sale into MISO, since our generation did not served 100% of the Ohio utility load in the first quarter of 2009 under the December competitive bidding process. Lower fuel expenses increased earnings by $0.04 per share as a result of reduced generation output this quarter. Earnings increased $0.04 per share because of lower purchase power expense representing 1.5 million megawatt-hours and the final generation item relates to the deferral of certain purchase power expenses from the December 2008, RFP process of at Cleveland Electric Illuminating, which contributed $0.19 per share to increased generation gross margin. The final four positives were, a lower effective income tax rate increased earnings by $0.03 per share, for all of 2009 we expect the marginal tax rate to be about 38%. Investment income from corporate-owned life insurance benefited results by $0.03 per share, but was partially by $0.01 per share decrease in nuclear decommissioning trust income.  Lower financing cost increased by $0.01 per share, higher capitalized interest related to construction programs more than offset the higher interest expense associated with the recent utility debt issuances, and reduced general taxes primarily due to lower kilowatt-hour deliver subject to the excise tax in Ohio increased earnings by $0.01 per share. Beyond these positive factors, four items partially offset the prior benefits. First, the completion of transition costs recovery at the end of 2008 for both Ohio Edison and Toledo Edison, reduced earnings by $0.13 per share. Increased pension and other post-employment benefits expense reduced earnings by $0.12 per share and it was primarily driven by reductions in pension plan assets due to the unfavorable market conditions experienced in 2008. The end of the Ohio distribution deferrals under our previous rate plan allow the utilities to differ up to $150 million per year. Absent, fees deferrals reduced earnings by $0.07 per share and finally incremental property additions increased depreciation expense by $0.02 per share.  Earlier, Tony mentioned that our distribution deliveries were lower as a result of the economic slowdown. I’d like to provide some additional details on the offsetting factors that made this a neutral item for the quarter.  While our electric distribution deliveries decline $1.9 million megawatt-hours or 7% due to the general economic slowdown across to our service territories, the reduced outage in the industrial sector, primarily in the steel and automotive industries and principally in the Ohio region made up the majority of this decline for $1.5 million megawatt-hours. These sales declines however, were essentially offset by three factors. First, the impact of colder weather during the quarter compared with last year. Heating degree days were 3% above the same period last year and 3% above normal. Second, distribution revenues do not typically decreased proportionally because distribution rates for our large industrial and large commercial customers are largely based on monthly peak demand charges rather than megawatt-hour sales. Finally, a considerable number of special contracts between Ohio Edison and Toledo Edison and their industrial customers terminated at the end of 2008, with those customers moving to tariff rates. In closing, I want to affirm our four financial objectives for 2009. First, is to maintain a strong liquidity position. We had access to more than $4 billion of liquidity as of May 1, of which more than $1.9 billion was available including cash reserves of nearly $700 million. Second, to remain flexible and response to the changing market conditions; third to maintain a secure dividend with the potential for growth, and finally to position the company to emerge strongly when the economy recovers.  We are very pleased with our first quarter performance especially given the current market dynamics, completion of the Ohio competitive bidding process which is schedule to beginning May 13, will enable us to finalize earnings guidance for the year. We plan to schedule a time shortly thereafter to discuss our projections with investors. We appreciate your time today and continued interest FirstEnergy. I also look forward to meeting all of you in the near future. Now I ask the operator to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Kit Konolige - Soleil Securities.
Kit Konolige - Soleil Securities:
 :
Rich Marsh: With respect to the first quarter, lower industrial sales meant that we had lower fuel cost and since their contracts rolled off at December 31, ’08 they paid higher price and we had lower fuel cost. That would be nice to continue, but the auction will determine that beginning May 13.
Kit Konolige - Soleil Securities: Is the auction going to have a separate pricing mechanism for industrial or different class of customers?
Anthony Alexander: That I would be a slice of the system?
Kit Konolige - Soleil Securities: But the auction won’t affect your fuel cost?
Harvey Wagner: Well, the auction will affect it to the extend that it effects our dispatch strategy for the generating units.
Kit Konolige - Soleil Securities: Right, so in other words I shouldn’t really take much from that. In the first quarter you had some extra megawatt-hours to sell, you sold them, that were a good deal. The industrials are paying demand charges, not energy charges and it comes out slightly ahead, but that is effectively over written in the new regime once the auction is conducted?
Harvey Wagner: Yes.
Anthony Alexander: But also in the first quarter we really had a strong performance of the entire fleet. It wasn’t a lot of scheduled outages and the units ran strong for us that with the kind of performance that we’ve seen over the last several years. So, there were a lot of positives moving through this timeframe.  Obviously, the colder weather help to offset some of that to as customers moved into higher pricing brackets in their own tariffs.
Kit Konolige - Soleil Securities: You will have more outages for work this year; I think it you talked about presumably that will be in the second quarter and fourth quarter primarily?
Anthony Alexander: Well, we’ve got three new clear outages scheduled this year. We’re in the process now closing down one. We are in the middle of a second one and we have a third one coming up later this year. We also took an outage at one of our plants that was not scheduled well actually it became scheduled during what would be the second quarter. So, in the main, as you look to and then as you look to the fourth quarter in particular, as we start the tie in work for the Sammis AQC project and take a hard look at the overall outage schedule in comparison to the reduced loads that we have, we could be making modifications to take advantage of this timeframe.
Mark Clark: I would only add two things to what Tony said. Our ability to control our O&M expenses in the first quarter will continue through the year. In additionally one of the special items was the reorganization, special charge in the first quarter. The benefits of that will not be really affected until the second, third and fourth. So, there are some positives that will carry through other positives that will start.
Kit Konolige - Soleil Securities: Just to be clear, so the control of the O&M and then there is a second control of O&M from reorganization?
Mark Clark: We had a staffing reduction of 335 management support staff announced in March and those people left the payroll in April. Additionally, we had 4% of our non-union workforce affected by management changes alignment of responsibilities. We took a onetime after tax charges of $16 million or $22 million pretax per severance related benefits. We expect ongoing expenses to be reduced by approximately $37 million from those changes.
Kit Konolige - Soleil Securities: I’m sorry, $37 million ongoing annualized or for the two changes or the…?
Mark Clark: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital: Its sounds like you’re early in the planning process, but should we read that give that the industrial demand you kind of throwing in the towel in ’09 and you going to accelerate a bunch of O&M into the year. How much could that be and from years will that becoming?
Mark Clark: I don’t think Tony would let me ever characterize that we are throwing in the towel, but I think we’re aggressively trying to manage our O&M expenses and to the extent the market stay soft, we will move some of our schedule outage around it.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital: Do you have a sense of how much O&M that could be?
Anthony Alexander: Paul, we are looking at that now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein: I have a question regarding the capital structure of the company. I notice that you had decline in the proportion of equity and the adjusted capital structure to 36%, I believe and FFO to debt is also seems to somewhat below the standard of gross target for your rating grade, the relative week balance sheet combined with the economic downturn resulting in lower wholesale prices in the second half, possibly therefore lower retail prices in Ohio.  It seems to me must be creating some concern among lenders and the rating agencies, but maybe wrong about that. So, I wanted to ask and hear from you what commentary you are getting from the rating agencies from the creditors?
Mark Clark: I’m going to let Harvey Wagner speak to accounting aspect to that and I’ll speak to the strategic.
Harvey Wagner: One of things, our equity did go down, but it was a result of some of those special items that happens, so we were actually had reported earnings that were less than our dividend in the first quarter. Obviously, we do not expect that to continue going forward. Jim Pearson, can address the rating agency question.
Jim Pearson: Also if you are looking at a decline in our equity, some of that is compared to the first quarter of ’09 comparing to first quarter of ’08. We did take a reduction for other comprehensive income at the end of the year associated with our pension plan. Every year you have to re-measure those assets, so that reduced our equity by above 4%.  From the rating agency standpoint, we’ve had ongoing dialogue with rating agencies, they understand the mechanics of our ESP and we stay in continual dialogue with them. We will probably have our annual review with the agencies sometime in June, but from our perspective we really don’t speak with them.
Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein: From financial strategy perspective, do you think is the need to strengthen the balance sheet?
Anthony Alexander: Hugh, a lot of that will be determined by the auction, the fact that we just sold no vacant picked up $151 million in cash. Our competitive retails or sales are not exclusive to Ohio we show in Pennsylvania, Maryland, the Illinois and Ohio. So you mix already n and then we’ll place that into the context to the auction.
Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein: Okay. Could you guys just provide any guidance as to the level of power output of the generation fleet both in the first quarter of this year relative to the first quarter of year, but also looking forward to remaining three quarters? I know you’re in planning phase regarding your outages, but can you give us a sense of how generation will compare year-over-year?
Anthony Alexander: Well, I can give you the first quarter results.
Mark Clark: First quarter generation output was down about 2.3 million megawatt-hours versus 2008 and I think as we alluded to you before, depending on the option, our dispatch strategy would determine how much of their production will be in the balance of ’09.
Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein: What percent, the total generation output was down by what percent?
Mark Clark: 2.3 million Megawatt-hours. I don’t have the percentage.
Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein: Do you have the total --?
Mark Clark : 11%.
Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein: Then you say for the remainder of the year, you don’t have enough clarity yet?
Mark Clark : Correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Frank - Catapult Partners.
David Frank - Catapult Partners: I want to go back over that industrial sales issue that Kit was talking about. I guess the way you have your sales structure now is the way most traditional utilities do, you get this demand charge and a kind of ambivalent as to how much energy you actually sell to them. And now when we post the auction, if I understand this correctly that goes away and so you will be at risk for lower sales, but it will be into the wholesale market which you are selling into now. Is that a fair --?
Mark Clark: Well, we will be at risk for lower sales, but that would not necessarily mean that going into the wholesale market, they could go into the retail market. For example, Tony alluded to the 20 communities that have already signed up for an aggregation, so that all gets as I said before, it gets mixed together.
David Frank - Catapult Partners: Right, okay, but if you are serving roughly 60 million megawatt-hours or whatever the number is for your total Ohio retail load including industrial, if all your industrial switch you can only serve so much residual, small commercial and residential I guess. So at what point when you are serving all those folks to the max that you can, the residual just goes into the wholesale market?
Mark Clark : If I understand your question correctly, if we lost a 100% of our industrial sales, you are correct we have to find another source. Whether that’s in the wholesale market or the retail market they will have to be replaced, that’s correct.
David Frank - Catapult Partners: Right and I’m not suggesting that’s going to happen. I just --.
Mark Clark : Either our way.
David Frank - Catapult Partners: Alright, and then just to go back over the cost cutting, that the $0.06 that you experience in the first quarter, can we annualize that to a $0.24 kind of number?
Mark Clark: I think we are going to look at that after the auction and look at where we are in total. It could go up, it could go down. Clearly the staff reductions are something that would continue through the year. Clearly the 4% change in management and other alignment of duties will remain constant, but I think it will be premature to suggest where we think that will come out until we get more clarity around the auction.
David Frank - Catapult Partners: My last question, just on the Pennsylvania utilities Met-Ed and Penelec; I guess enormous paying attention, but suddenly those guys are pretty much in market rates now, so I guess before there was this huge lost opportunity cost that you were facing over the next couple of years instead of selling into a higher sport market of auction or whatever, you were selling to those guys in the low 40s and now they’re sort of corresponding to less price is more or less at this point? Are you going to see lower purchase power costs related to those utilities now?
Bill Bird: This is Bill Bird. That’s not quite correct. The rate cap that made in Penn Elec are continued to be in place and more remain through the end of 2010, but nothing has really changed that made in Penn Elec. They have filed their plan for how things will work after 2010.
David Frank - Catapult Partners: In the meantime, if you are in the hook to serve them, you are cost to serve them have comedown quite a bit, haven’t that?
Bill Bird: The opportunity cost has decreased along with the market price.
David Frank - Catapult Partners: But are you expecting or forecasting at this point any contribution to earnings because you have to procure less power at higher rates or less rates?
Bill Bird: Nothing materially different in prior years, it will be the same dynamics.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Coviello - Duquesne Capital.
Jeff Coviello - Duquesne Capital: I just had one more clarifying question on the industrial sale. I just want to make sure, I understand it correctly. So, right now those sales are handled under a tariff that is mostly tied to our peak demand and has a fixed demand charge associated with it. Then I guess post auction or post mid year, those sales are going to be treated like any other retail sale. I just get a retail price and then that the marginal fluctuate with volume, is that correct?
Mark Clark: Not really. They’re still going to have demand charges and those still have a G charge and that will be depended on the auction.
Jeff Coviello - Duquesne Capital: Okay and how does the demand charge worked. Does that kind of reset with the peak on an annual basis or what peak is it tied to?
Bill Bird: This is Bill Bird, again. It’s a function of the monthly maximum demand at the customers. So, it checks each month for the maximum hourly energy consumption for given hour. What we see as consider of manufacturing concern with two shifts, due to economics the second shift maybe eliminated, but their demand during the first shift is still the same. So energy consumption has cut in half, but the demand charge is still exactly the same.
Jeff Coviello - Duquesne Capital: I got it. So if they lower the number of shifts, they could have the same demand charge, we we’ll likely they have the same demand charge, but I guess that there was a closure or something like that, then you’ll see the impact?
Mark Clark: Exactly.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research.
Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research: I was under the impression that you were budgeting something around $100 million reduction O&M, originally is this still in the cards or that has changed tremendously, because of other considerations?
Mark Clark: I wouldn’t say it is not changed, basically the staffing reductions are still there, the O&M reductions in energy delivery is still there and what we were saying is it may change depended on the outcome of the auction. We still plan on the $100 million.
Daniele Seitz - Dudak Research: Okay, say it was to change because of the schedule of maintenance it would on the way up not on the way down.
Mark Clark: Well, depends if the maintenance is capitalized or if it’s O&M. But yes, if it’s O&M it would reduce that amount.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board:
 :
Mark Clark: The first of your question is, yes. We were expected continue through out the year. On the second part of your question, no we do not anticipate making any pension contribution this year. I would only add to that expense is getting quite a bit of review in the present time in terms of options.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. I was curious on the write-offs related to the Ohio plant. Have those been completed or where there any future write-downs or has it all been taken then in this quarter?
Harvey Wagner: Dan, this Harvey Wagner. Everything was recognized in the first quarter.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay and then I was curious on Perry, it sounds like it’s been offline for two and a half months. Was that the scheduled outage time or is there something more going on period than originally planned?
Anthony Alexander: Yes, Dan the original schedule was to be in excess of 50 days, it’s probably going to run a little longer than that. We had some emergent work that we want to do to accomplish before that it was all completed, but beyond that the outages is going fairly well in terms of the amount of work that we wanted to complete and for the long term operation of that facility.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Then on your cash from operations, you had about $250 million benefit from the changes in working capital in other line on page 10 of your release and I was wondering if you could give a little more color on what’s going on with that?
Harvey Wagner: Yes, Dan. This is Harvey again. A lot of it had to do with the accrued compensation cost and employee benefits. As we talked about a minute ago pension and OPEB cost which are non-cash item were higher in 2009 that accounted for about half of that $200 million, it’s about $98 million there. The decommissioning trust, impairment increased their working capital reconciliation item by $20 million, accrued interest was up by $27 million, reduction in gain on asset sales from sales that took place last year increased the working capital component by $32 million and the accrual of items associated with the implementation of the electric security plan and our restructuring charges amounted to about $57 million.  So that’s the lion share of the increase that happened from the working capital.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Then on your balance sheet, you have quite a bit of short term debt. Is that the way you want to run going forward? You have a quite a bit drawn on your lines, at least the end of May, March it looks like, you plan them to term that out or is that kind of the way you are going run, you expect over the intermediate term?
Anthony Alexander: Right now we would expect to run that way over the intermediate term. Liquidity is very high and our less, so we would expect to maintain fairly high cash balance in the intermediate future.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Then the last I think have is just kind of on your strategy, with the new rate plan in Ohio and kind of what you saw as kind of what you got that you wanted to and that you are willing to give up and then my main concern I guess was a number of these kind of operational expenses that are being deferred over 25 years which seems like quite a long time with current expenses and what your kind of philosophy was on agreeing on that long of a deferral for those items?
Anthony Alexander:
 :
Harvey Wagner: Dan, we look at it very differently. The recent electric security plan actually provided for recovery of all of those costs. So, there was certainty there. The 25 years that was developed in connection with the rate certainty plan, it was based on a strategic analysis for our customer’s prices.
Mark Clark: Dan, there is some other features in the plan that we considered very positive as Tony alluded to them earlier. First the uncollectible rider, the storm rider is important to us in Ohio. We have quite a bit of income statement exposure without the rider. We have a rider in New Jersey, there’s the T&D portion to help us rebuilt the systems.  So there are a number of other items in that case the review is very positive. All of these are of course subject to prudent to the commission, but we view them all very positive.
Operator:
 - :
Ashar Khan - Incremental Capital: Just trying to get a sense, if I remember correctly fuel and purchase power cost were going to be up something in excess of $100 million for ’08, ’09 something like $150 million or so and if I’m right there down for the first quarter. So I’m trying to understand the dynamics of those increasing from ’09 to ’08. Am I right or wrong in my assumptions, to what was said -- earlier part of the year?
Mark Clark: The original assumptions for ’09 for the total calendar year were that they would be up. In the first quarter, they were actually lower, which increased earnings by $0.04. Fossil fuel cost declined by $17 million, nuclear was up roughly by $1 million which produced a net 16, which is where the $0.04 comes from. I think we will have a very good idea what a fuel cost would be after the auction when we recalibrate our dispatch strategy.
Ashar Khan - Incremental Capital: Okay. Doesn’t it seem that $150 million number which if I’m right was given early on seems to be on the high side now based on where you are?
Mark Clark: That would depend on the economy, the success we have in the auction and a multitude of different factors from the balance of the year. We’ll include that in our revised forecast, when we prepare that.
Operator: Your final question comes from Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein: I found that the discussion of the $0.30 increase in your generation gross margin, somewhat confusing and I was hoping maybe you could give me a can version that’s already approved.  What happened here that you’re able to enjoy higher retail prices that the Ohio companies and the continued collection of the RTC at least at the Cleveland Electric and then we’re also able to shift the portion of the sales that you are not making to the Ohio companies to the wholesale market and apparently realize there some attractive margins. I am trying to come up with simple way to understand this relatively robust result?
Mark Clark: Let me give you five components, four of which positively contributed one of which was negative. I think that sometimes to confusion, when you get the negative and the positive to get. Retail generation sales reduce the margin by $0.12 and that was a combination of higher retail regulated sales on the competitive side and then lower retail competitive sales because of the market, that was $60.12 of share of that’s the negative. Now the next four are all positive, the wholesale sales contributed $0.15 or roughly $72 million which was, in the wholesale market was a combination of energy $6 million and capacity of $66 million. The second positive was fuel, which the prior question you asked about and that was lower fuel cost at our fossil plants, slightly higher than the nuclear which was roughly $16.04. The next positive or the third was purchase power, with the economy being down we did not require as much purchase power, $69 million of that was rate driven and $91 million was volume is negative, which produce the $0.04 and then the final positive to the GEN margin was the deferred purchase power for Cleveland Electric Illuminating, which is $019 which is be amount that kept the rates in their current level. So there were four positives, one negative, which adds up to the thirty.
Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein: The first negative the $0.15 you said it was on competitive sales?
Mark Clark: The first negative was $0.12, retail generation sales.
Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein: Was that competitive or just across the board?
Mark Clark: That was principally competitive, yes.
Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein: It sounds from what you’re saying that, to some extent this decline in generation, this 11% decline in generation that you guys talked about allowed you to reduced the operation of some of the higher cost units and that may have been bit of a per megawatt-hour margin improvement as a result?
Mark Clark: We dispatched our unit based on the economics and because the sales were down we didn’t have to purchases as much. So you had dispatching the lower priced units and then not having to purchase power.
Anthony Alexander: Thank you very much. I’d like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. As always, we appreciate your support and interest in the FirstEnergy. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-24 13:00:00) =====
Executives:  Anthony Alexander – President & CEO Rich Marsh – SVP & CFO Harvey Wagner – VP & Controller Jim Pearson – VP & Treasurer Bill Bird – VP Corporate Risk Ron Seeholzer – VP IR Irene Prezelj – Manager, IR 
Analysts:  Greg Gordon – Citigroup Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company Hugh Wynne – Stanford Bernstein John Kiani – Deutsche Bank Jeff Coviello – Duquesne Capital Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Steve Fleishman – Catapult Capital  Carrie St.Louis – Fidelity Investments  Unspecified Analyst  Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board  
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the FirstEnergy Corp. fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Irene Prezelj, Manager of Investor Relations for FirstEnergy Corp. 
Irene Prezelj: Good afternoon. During this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects, and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp. are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated report to the financial community, which was released earlier today and is also available on our website under the Earnings Release link.  Reconciliation to GAAP for the non-GAAP earnings measures we will be referring to today are also contained in that report as well as on the Investor Information section of our website at www.firstenergycorp.com/ir. Participating in today’s call are Anthony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Rich Marsh, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Harvey Wagner, Vice President and Controller; Jim Pearson, Vice President and Treasurer; Bill Bird, Vice President of Corporate Risk, and Ron Seeholzer, Vice President of Investor Relations. I will now turn the call over to Anthony.
Anthony Alexander : Thanks Irene and good afternoon everyone. Earlier today we reported 2008 normalized non-GAAP earnings of $4.57 per share exceeding our revised earnings guidance of $4.30 to $4.40. This represents an 8% increase over our 2007 non-GAAP earnings.  Earnings on a GAAP basis were $4.41 per share compared to GAAP earnings of $4.27 per share in 2007. We also generated $2.2 billion in net cash from operating activities during the year. These results were driven by favorable operational performance as we continued to improve the efficiency and reliability of our generating fleet and further enhance the quality of service to our distribution and transmission customers.  Our generation portfolio posted a record output of 82.4 million MWH during 2008, our nuclear units produced 32.2 million MWH with a 93% capacity factor. Our generation record reflected in part our efforts to increase the output of our fleet through incremental low cost upgrades and enhancements. In the last year we added 66 MW in nuclear capacity enhancements and over the past three years we’ve added 450 MW of generation in this similar manner. In 2008 we also expanded our renewable portfolio with several new long-term contracts for more then 160 MW of wind power. We made several important strategic investments during 2008 including our acquisition of the partially completed 707 MW Freemont generating plant.  Given our current economic conditions we’ve extended the construction schedule for this facility with completion now expected in 2012. This will reduce our 2009 capital expenditures by $142 million. We also acquired an ownership interest in Signal Peak, a coal mine in Montana during the year. Construction of the long haul mining equipment, wash plant, the development of the mine and the 35-mile rail extension are proceeding well and we expect to begin receiving coal deliveries later this year.  We continued to improve customer reliability in our energy delivery business during 2008 with a 3% decrease in average outage duration bringing our three year improvement to 34%. We also achieved a 9% reduction in the frequency of transmission outages versus the prior year. These achievements were facilitated by the meaningful capital investments we’ve made in our regulated utility business and are particularly noteworthy given that 2008 was the worst year for storms in the last 10 years.  And importantly we reported an annual OSHA safety rate of 0.97, a near top [decile] performance. Even so accidents in our business can and do result in fatalities and serious injuries and we won’t be satisfied with our performance until we achieve zero incidents.  Like most companies we saw increasing evidence of the economic recession during the fourth quarter. These conditions are expected to impact FirstEnergy on several fronts this year including reduced customer loads, particularly in the industrial sector, and softer energy prices. We’ve already taken steps to help deal with this challenging environment including a reduction in our planned capital expenditures, lower O&M spending, and further strengthening of our liquidity position.  We have been thoughtful in making these adjustments and they won’t take us off course. For example we have prioritized our capital and O&M spend and are focusing our 2009 reductions in areas that aren’t expected to adversely impact the reliability of our service or the ability to grow in the future.  We will maintain our focus on the fundamentals, the pursuit of operational excellence, continued financial discipline, and a commitment to continuous improvement throughout the organization. We have built a solid foundation over the past several years and I believe that positions us well as we head into 2009. I know many of your are interested in the status of our discussions in Columbus and I’ll give you a quick update of those at this point. We remain hopeful for a positive regulatory outcome and currently have a settlement agreement before the PUCO that we believe strikes an appropriate balance between the needs of our investors and customers.  In late January the PUCO directed its staff to develop a proposal for an alternative ESP and share it with the parties in the case. Earlier this month these parties met and the discussions resulted in the stipulation that was signed by our Ohio companies, the staff of the PUCO, and many of the intervening parties representing a diverse range of interests.  The stipulation results in generation price stability through May, 2011, give the PUCO flexibility to phase in the generation prices that become effective June 1, 2009 and settles pricing and service arrangements for the distribution of electric service through December, 2011. We believe it’s a more favorable solution to customers then a market rate offer alternative.  In broad terms the stipulation captures many of the elements of the original ESP with the benefit of a competitive bidding process to set retail generation rates. Let me give you a few highlights of the stipulation and they would include in April and May of 2009 generation will be supplied from FES to our Ohio companies at the average rate established in the December, 2008 RFP process which is $66.68 per MWH. The deferral of a portion of the purchase power cost for CEI will continue during April and May with recovery of the deferred balance plus carrying costs commencing June 1, 2011. For the period beginning June 1 this year through May 31, 2011 retail generation rates will be set from the results of a descending clock competitive bidding process. In this process the Ohio companies will procure on a slice of system basis 100% of their full requirement supply including transmission and ancillary services.  This bidding process would be conducted by an independent bid manager and if the stipulation is approved by the Commission will likely be conducted in May. The PUCO also has the option to phase in the resulting generation pricing for retail customers subject to specified limits.  The stipulation also promotes economic development and provides rate discounts for qualifying schools. As a part of this stipulation we will write off 50% of the extended RTC balance at CEI as of May 31 which we estimate to be approximately $215 million. The CEI RTC charges will be reduced accordingly commencing on June 1, 2009 and continuing through December 31, 2010.  Total one time charges associated with implementing the ESP would be approximately $250 million or $0.53 per share of common stock. The companies have committed to a base distribution rate freeze through the end of 2011. There is a delivery service improvement rider which will be established with an effective date as of April 1, 2009 and run through December 31, 2011 and the stipulation provides for the recovery of deferrals previously approved by the Commission.  All the signatory parties to the stipulation requested that the Commission approve certain provisions of the stip, kind of the near-term generation service provisions by March 4 and the full stipulation by March 25. Although we won’t be able to provide 2009 earnings guidance until we reach clarity in Ohio Rich will review selected earnings drivers later in the call.  Overall I am pleased with the terms of the stipulation and hopeful that the Commission will react promptly and approve what the parties are recommending. Moving to market pricing at this point in the commodity cycle won’t be easy but we are prepared to operate effectively and successfully.  I’ll now turn the call over to Rich to discuss our fourth quarter results and 2009 earnings drivers. 
Rich Marsh : Thank you Anthony, as I review our fourth quarter results it might be helpful to refer to our consolidated report to the financial community that we issued this morning. Earnings on a GAAP basis in the fourth quarter were $1.09 per share compared to GAAP earnings of $0.88 per share in the same period last year.  Excluding special items, normalized non-GAAP earnings were $1.21 per share compared to $0.90 per share in the fourth quarter of last year. Key drivers for this quarter’s favorable results include higher generation revenues, which increased earnings by $0.04 per share primarily as a result of the mix of sales, lower generation O&M expenses increased earnings by $0.12 per share driven primarily by fewer scheduled nuclear and [fossil] outages, the sale of unneeded emission allowances and lower rental costs following the acquisition of lessor equity interests under our Perry and Beaver Valley two sale leasebacks also contributed to this result. A lower effective income tax rate increased earnings by $0.09 and this principally reflected the ramp up of the manufacturing deduction percentage, continuing phase out of the Ohio State income tax, lower interest on reserve tax issues and utilization of net operating losses to reduce state income taxes. And for 2009 we expect the marginal tax rate to be about 38%.  Reduced energy delivery expenses increased earnings $0.08 per share due to lower uncollectibles, general cost control measures, and additional resources being devoted to capital projects. Lower transmission costs incurred by FirstEnergy Solutions increased earnings by $0.07 per share primarily due to congestion expense settlements in the fourth quarter of 2008. The assignment of two existing power river base and coal contracts increased earnings by $0.04 per share.  Our acquisition of Signal Peak made us [long western] coal in the 2010 to 2013 period and this assignment reduced that 2010 position. Finally reduced pension expense and other employee benefits increased earnings by $0.04 per share versus the prior year.  Although our service territory experienced colder then normal weather in the fourth quarter compared to 2007 that positive impact wasn’t enough to offset lower distribution deliveries to the industrial sector which reduced earnings by $0.01 a share. Kilowatt hour deliveries to our distribution system were 4% lower then in the prior year. The largest impact was an industrial demand and in particular our Ohio steel and automotive customers.  Commercial deliveries declined by 2% while residential deliveries increased slightly. Heating degree days were 13% above the same period last year and 5% above normal. Other factors partially offsetting this quarter’s positive results included increased net fuel and purchased power expense, which reduced earnings by $0.04 per share. Fuel expenses increased by $0.09 per share primarily due to higher coal transportation expenses and related fuel surcharges stemming from new contracts that took effect in 2008. This was partially offset by lower purchase power expense which increased earning by $0.05 per share. Purchase volumes were lower in 2008 then in the same period of 2007 due to fewer scheduled outages at our generating plants. General taxes primarily higher franchise and property taxes reduced earnings by $0.03 per share. And incremental property additions also increased depreciation expense by $0.03 per share.  Higher Ohio transition cost to amortization reduced earnings by $0.02 per share and decreased investment income from [Cordone] Life Insurance partially offset by an increase in nuclear decommissioning trust income reduced earnings by $0.02 per share. And finally higher financing costs related to the issuance of first mortgage filings at Ohio [Edison] and Cleveland Electric Illuminating decreased earnings by $0.01 per share.  Looking forward to 2009 the economic climate will make this a challenging year for our industry. As Anthony mentioned we’ve taken a number of actions to help us weather this storm and to position FirstEnergy favorably when conditions improve. We expect the customer loads will be adversely impacted in 2009 and we’ve seen that trend already with an overall decline in sales of nearly 3% in the second half of 2008 versus the prior year although that result isn’t normalized for weather.  In response we’ve adjusted both our capital and O&M programs for 2009. Capital expenditures will be reduced to about $1.6 billion from more then $2.1 billion in 2008 primarily reflecting changes in certain generating plant outage schedules, the delay in completion of the Freemont plant, and adjustments in the timing of our environmental programs. Our total generation output for 2009 is expected to be nearly 81 million MWH. We are implementing O&M reductions of more then $100 million or 5% compared to the 2008 level. These include adjustments to our staffing levels and certain fossil plant outages schedules, changes in our compensation structure including the suspension of merit adjustments in 2009, and other cost saving measures across the company.  From a financial perspective our objectives for 2009 include maintaining an appropriate degree of liquidity, enhancing our ability to be flexible in response to rapidly changing market conditions, maintaining a secure dividend with the potential for growth, and positioning the company to emerge strongly when the economy recovers.  Our liquidity position remains strong. We have access to more then $4 billion of liquidity of which approximately $2.6 billion was available at the end of January. We have continued to successfully execute our program to reduce our reliance on the bank markets. We have issued $1.2 billion of debt at our operating company since October and held cash reserves of $1.1 billion at the end of January.  Our net financing costs are expected to increase by about $27 million or $0.05 per share in 2009. This equates to an increase of less then 3% and is driven by the $1.2 billion of operating company debt we’ve completed as well as projected additional debt issuance of about $400 million in 2009. We also recently entered into a definitive agreement to sell 9% or nearly half of our 20.5% ownership interest in the Ohio Valley Electric Corporation or OVEC. OVEC is owned by a consortium of electric utilities which share the output of two generating facilities with a combined capacity of nearly 2,400 MW. FirstEnergy’s portion of OVEC is qualified as a PGM resource and we expect to close this transaction in April. As Anthony indicated we plan to issue 2009 earnings guidance when we achieve regulatory clarity in Ohio including completion of the power procurement process. So while I can’t yet provide specific guidance for 2009 I want to talk about a selection of earning drivers that we expect will help share our results during the year.  Pre-tax items that are expected to increase earnings in 2009 versus 2008 include the Ohio distribution rate case approved by the PUCO last month which results in an increase of more then $75 million or $0.15 per share, the significant actions we’ve taken to reduce our operating costs that total more than $100 million and will improve 2009 earnings by at least $0.20 per share, [decreased] generation margin at FES as a result of termination of the below market power sales agreement, the Ohio companies supply obligation at the end of last year.  The 2008 power sales agreement price was $46.40. And we believe that the satisfactory resolution of our Ohio regulatory matters including the results of the generation procurement process will be another positive earnings driver. Pre-tax drivers that are expected to decrease earnings in 2009 versus 2008 include qualified and not qualified pension and OPEB expense of $0.35 per share in 2009 versus income of $0.12 in 2008 or a net year over year impact of $0.47 per share.  Although we took steps earlier in 2008 to reposition the pension portfolio including reducing our equity exposure from 61% to 47%, and increasing the duration of the fixed income portfolio the plan still suffered an investment loss of 24% during the year. That compares favorably to many of our peers but it still results in this change in pension expense for 2009. Due largely to the $1.3 billion of cash that we contributed to the plan over the 2005 to 2007 period the funded status at the end of 2008 remained at 89% on an ABO basis and 83% on a PBO basis.  We won’t be required to make a cash contribution to the plan in 2009. Our fuel expense is projected to increase by $240 million in 2009 and during the year we will have three scheduled nuclear fueling outages versus only two in 2008 which will increase expense by about $30 million. We had a favorably priced contract with a third party supplier to serve 4.5 million MWH at our [inaudible] and Penn [Electric] utilities that expired at the end of 2008. FES is obligated to replace those MWH at a contract price of $41.50 which results in a loss to [a sales] opportunity and additional purchase power expense for the utilities.  At our Ohio utilities RTC revenues were fully recovered at Ohio Edison and Toledo Edison at the end of 2008 and as anticipated on the prior rate plans will be reduced at CEI in the second quarter of 2009. The net impact of this and the associated RTC amortization expense will reduce 2009 pre-tax income by $375 million or about $0.76 per share. The end of the Ohio distribution reliability deferral and our RCP plan results in $125 million or $0.25 per share decrease in earnings and reflects a reduction due to over recovery of approximately $25 million of RTC at Ohio Edison and Toledo Edison.  We also expect that depreciation expense will increase by about $45 million and that general taxes will go up by about $40 million and finally our overall sales volumes are expected to remain soft due to the economic climate.  To wrap up let me say that we’re gratified by our performance in 2008, 2009 is a new year and its shaping up to be a demanding year for business generally. But we believe the actions we’ve taken will help guide FirstEnergy successfully through these times. Our liquidity position is stronger now then its ever been with cash investments of $1.1 billion and unused credit availability of $1.5 billion at the end of January for total liquidity of $2.6 billion. This reduces our reliance on the short-term bank markets. We are focused on maintaining the secure dividend with the potential for growth and we’ve reduced our capital and operational spending in 2009 by over $600 million from last year’s level to generate incremental earnings and cash flow. We’ve reached an agreement with the PUCO staff and many of the interveners in our electric security plan case that would provide predictable pricing for customers and strike a reasonable balance with the needs of our investors. And we submitted a plan in Pennsylvania under which rates for polar service for our [inaudible] and Penn Elec customers will be based on market prices starting in 2011.  We remain committed to delivering consistent financial and operational results for our investors and customers in this turbulent environment and look forward along with everyone else to the return of better economic conditions in the future.  We appreciate your time today and your continued interest in FirstEnergy and I’ll now like to open the call for questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon – Citigroup
Greg Gordon – Citigroup: Looking at the 2009 earnings drivers list one of the things that’s not on there and I know that this is definitionally not all inclusive, when I look at the second quarter and third quarter of 2008 you talked about basically having been caught short in Pennsylvania and New Jersey in both quarters, and that the high power prices at the time were a $0.20 in the second quarter and an $0.11 drag in the third quarter. Power prices are obviously off a lot since then so I’m wondering why that isn’t a positive driver unless of course you’ve hedged that open position for 2009 when prices were higher. 
Rich Marsh : I think your question refers to Pennsylvania not New Jersey, New Jersey is a [PGS] auction, straight pass through for our distribution companies. I’m not sure if I follow your question but I think you’re talking about the supply cost for our [Med Ed], Penn Elec subsidiaries in Pennsylvania.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup: That’s correct. 
Rich Marsh : We didn’t attempt to include every driver in this list, we tried to highlight selected items so we didn’t intend to purport this as inclusive or representing earnings guidance so that is a factor. When we do give guidance it will be inclusive but we didn’t try to achieve that with the drivers we laid out here. 
Greg Gordon – Citigroup: I understand, I’m just asking directionally if I look at your short position in Pennsylvania relative to your short position last year and where power prices are now, if you were in fact opening it to the same magnitude that would be a benefit and I’m wondering whether we should expect purchase power costs in fact to be lower in 2009 versus 2008 or are you substandibly hedged. 
Ron Seeholzer : Yes, we’ve talked about this a little bit before, you’ll see the negative bullet on the [inaudible] Penn Elec underlying contract, to the extent you’re imputing a higher opportunity cost versus wholesale sales in Ohio, 8 versus 9. Certainly the power price is coming back in 2009 in Pennsylvania will reduce that opportunity cost. I think that’s what you are driving at. 
Greg Gordon – Citigroup: The second thing is can you give us a specific assumption as to what you’re assuming vis-a-vie load contraction in Pennsylvania and Ohio for 2009. 
Rich Marsh : Not at this point, I don’t think anybody has the visibility into 2009 that they would like to have given the economic conditions but I can say we’ve changed our internal forecast to reflect what we think is a good estimate, as good an estimate as we can of that. So a significant amount of revision downward, I would expect that when we give earnings guidance we would go through that in more detail but we’ll hold until that point in time to give specifics on it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company
Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company: Couple of housekeeping questions first, can we assume that the assignment of the coal contract is non recurring in nature as well as the transmission expense congestion expense settlement and does the congestion expense settlement total the full $0.07 or is that only a part of the $0.07.
Rich Marsh : About the coal assignment we had a long position over several years, this helped close that long position for part of that time period. So there could be further selling off of the long position as time goes on. 
Harvey Wagner : I think it was around $0.04 or $0.05 on the congestion settlement. 
Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company: On the nuclear decommissioning fund I guess I’m surprised that the earnings for the quarter are up given the performance of the stock market, is there like little or no equity component in the nuclear decommissioning trust. 
Rich Marsh : We have been reducing that over the past year, there is some equity component but not a large equity component also as part of that restructuring there was some income that was generated as well so it’s a combination of those items. 
Harvey Wagner : The $0.02 that I think you’re talking about is the normal income that is thrown off from the decommissioning trust. We had the $0.12 charge for the impairment which reflects the reduction in the market value and that’s a separate item.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company: Regarding the account for OVEC, is OVEC accounted for as part of your generation, is it purchased power and does it factor into the MWH reduction that you’re forecasting for 2009.
Rich Marsh : Its reflected as purchased power but it does not factor into the generation MWH numbers that you referenced. 
Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company: In terms of resources though so that would be incremental to the generation that you’re losing from your power plants. 
Rich Marsh : That is correct. 
Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company: I would assume you’re going to be projecting some sort of gain on the sale of your OVEC interest. 
Rich Marsh : Yes, I would expect we would. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hugh Wynne – Stanford Bernstein 
Hugh Wynne – Stanford Bernstein:  One of the things that you all did very well in this quarter was to reduce O&M expenses basically across your operations, the generations, the delivery, the transmissions, and then you say that you’re going to try and push through $100 million of additional O&M reductions in 2009, should we read that as implying a $100 million reduction in the level of O&M expense from 2008 or $100 million reduction off of a trajectory of increase that you’ve not disclosed here. 
Rich Marsh : You should read that as $100 million decrease of the levels of 2008. 
Hugh Wynne – Stanford Bernstein: The 5% decline in generation sales of 4% decline in distribution deliveries in the fourth quarter despite an increase in heating degree days the implications for 2009 are we at a level of sales now that you think is sustainable for next year or do you see further declines from this point.
Rich Marsh : I think the answer is a little bit different across the three states that we serve and also within the categories of our industrial customers and clearly in northeast Ohio we continue to have exposure to the auto and steel industries in particular. We would expect those to be weak this year unfortunately so I think we will likely see some continued erosion and have reflected some of that in our plans for 2009. The other side of that from a margin perspective those are our lowest margin customers so the margin and the volume impacts are not proportional but it is something that certainly we’ve witnessed and continue to track closely. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kiani – Deutsche Bank 
John Kiani – Deutsche Bank:  Can you give us an update on the [Nopeck] customers I know there was another energy market that appeared to be soliciting it was like half a million customers or something, can you talk to us about where you think those customers stand especially in light of the recent settlement.
Anthony Alexander : Actually I don’t have any additional information on it. [Nopeck] has not signed the settlement proposal. They are one of the parties that chose not to sign on at least at this point and quite frankly their status with the suppliers that they’ve indicated that they’ve talked to, at this point I just don’t have any information on it. 
John Kiani – Deutsche Bank: So from the perspective of obviously the drivers that you all provided that at least at this point it seems like assumes that you retain those [Nopeck] customers as far as we know. 
Rich Marsh : Yes, I think that’s—
Anthony Alexander : I just don’t think we identified [who’s] drivers. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Coviello – Duquesne Capital 
Jeff Coviello – Duquesne Capital:  I had a question on the auction on the way we should think about the load on your serving with the SCS auction, what’s the approximate right amount of MWH you are going to serve in Ohio among the auction I guess assuming you did 75% in the first quarter, assuming you do 100% let’s just say, how many MWH would that be approximately. 
Anthony Alexander : It would be 55.
Jeff Coviello – Duquesne Capital: And then if you do less then 100% what would you do with the additional MWH you generate, should we think about those going into the wholesale market or Pennsylvania. 
Rich Marsh : A couple of options, one would be to serve customers at retail as opposed to the auction itself, or into the wholesale market so there’s really three places the generation could end up. 
Jeff Coviello – Duquesne Capital:  Currently when roughly do you think the auction will be if things move according to plan from here on out.
Rich Marsh : It looks like it will be in May at this point.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates 
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  The shopping, the level of shopping decrease in Ohio among all the customer groups in the fourth quarter what was driving that, its on the statistical summary page, electric sales shopped, it looked like across the board it was 25% kind of drop.
Harvey Wagner : I think those were as a result of contracts or other arrangements expiring at the end of the year and they were just being transferred out at probably last billing dates. 
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: So I guess all that is is just a contractual change, in other words—
Harvey Wagner : Its moving off of the one plan and into the next and the arrangements at FES for retail transactions did not extend into the 2009 period. 
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: The Pennsylvania power auction does that have any impact on EPS, I know that you didn’t itemize every little thing in the drivers but is that a driver at all or is it just so insignificant from a size perspective, I know that the residential about half of it was done early 2008 from a pricing perspective and commercial was a bit different but any impact from that at all. 
Rich Marsh : No its very similar to New Jersey and its pretty much a pass through.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: When you look at that Pennsylvania power auction how do you think about that in comparison to what you’re looking at in Ohio, is it just such a different market and such a different situation that that just really bears no resemblance and its kind of an outlier or is there any way to look at that as a signal as to what could happen in Ohio.
Rich Marsh : I don’t know, it’s a much smaller load for one thing. It’s a different time period, different tranche, I don’t know. 
Anthony Alexander : This is just one data point, very small or limited transaction. 
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Is there any expected change in tax rate for 2009.
Anthony Alexander : Our marginal rate will be in the 38% range, but the effective rate, we’ll be able to give you more information on that when we provide guidance for 2009. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman – Catapult Capital  
Steve Fleishman – Catapult Capital :  Just wanted to clarify in your 2009 factors you obviously are not, didn’t go into what generation price you’re assuming but you’re also not including the distribution rider that’s part of the current settlement. 
Rich Marsh : That’s correct. 
Steve Fleishman – Catapult Capital : And did you also not include the resolution of the RTC on Cleveland too. 
Rich Marsh : Yes, we did not include that also. 
Steve Fleishman – Catapult Capital : So none of the provisions of that agreement are included in here. 
Rich Marsh : That’s correct.
Steve Fleishman – Catapult Capital : Do you have a sense on when the commission at this point is likely to vote on the settlement. 
Anthony Alexander : Well if they hold to the recommendation of the parties we would expect an order out before March 4 or on or about March 4 covering the period basically April and May. Pricing in that period is fixed. Then some other ancillary parts of the stipulation but then the main stipulation would be approved prior to or on or about March 25. Its kind of two parts because we have to get April and May solved as part of this overall transition.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carrie St.Louis – Fidelity Investments  
Carrie St.Louis – Fidelity Investments :  I was curious have you had any discussions with the agencies since your Ohio settlement has been announced. 
Rich Marsh : We’re always in some degree of contact with the agencies just making sure that they understand what’s going on and so forth. 
Carrie St.Louis – Fidelity Investments : With specific S&P, have they commented since they’ve been kind of watching the discussions very closely, any views on how they view this settlement versus the ESP. 
Rich Marsh : I can’t speak for S&P but I know they have a good understanding of how the proposed stipulation works. 
Carrie St.Louis – Fidelity Investments : I just wanted to ask about the short-term debt balance, it seemed high, I know that you’re holding a lot of cash securities, is that why that number looks so high.
Rich Marsh : Yes, that’s right. 
Carrie St.Louis – Fidelity Investments : I just wanted to talk about, I know its early but what are your thoughts about the hold to maturity in 2011 how you’re going to approach refinancing that. 
Rich Marsh : We continue to look at that. We don’t have a specific plan that we’ve discussed yet but its something that Jim and Randy and their team continue to look at so as we move through this year we’ll have more clarity around what our plan is to deal with that. 
Carrie St.Louis – Fidelity Investments : Is it a thought that it would mainly be refinanced there or partly at Solutions.
Rich Marsh : Not sure yet. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Unspecified Analyst 
Unspecified Analyst : I was wondering when do you anticipate the voluntary prepayment plan to be finalized by the Commission in Pennsylvania. 
Rich Marsh : I don’t know when. We had asked for October I am told.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board  
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board :  I was curious I think you said you had $1.1 billion of cash at the end of January is that correct.
Rich Marsh : That is correct.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board : And that’s up from what, about $500 or $600 million at the end of the year. 
Rich Marsh : Yes, that’s about right. 
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board : Is the short-term debt is that also up or what’s the status of that given the cash is up—
Rich Marsh : Its because well the additional cash is because we had several operating, two operating company issuances and we’re continuing to hold the cash from those. 
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board : So at some point will you then pay down the short-term debt or what’s the, are you saving that for other purposes or what’s the disposition of that cash. 
Rich Marsh : We’ll make that decision as we go through time. Right now we’re comfortable holding the cash but we’ll continue to what we’re earning on that versus what it costs us to, on the revolver and so forth and kind of make that trade off. 
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board : Related to the O&M both the generation and the distribution or delivery, on the delivery you mentioned the lower uncollectible expenses and then more resources devoted to capital projects, given that you’re bringing down your CapEx budget for next year and then given the economic environment what do you expect from those two benefits for this quarter going forward. 
Rich Marsh : For this quarter we haven’t talked about it on a quarterly basis other then what we talked about on the call and in the earnings guidance drivers, we haven’t really gotten more specific then that. 
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board : By itself for 2009 do you expect uncollectible rate to continue at the rate you’ve seen recently or do you expect that to go up or have you got any sense what’s going to happen with that. 
Rich Marsh : Customer uncollectibles?
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board : Yes.
Rich Marsh : That whole issue was a focus of what we called our energy delivery excellence plan, we really focused on the whole revenue realization cycle and this was a project that largely took place in 2008 so we spent a lot of time looking at our collection policies and so forth and really fundamentally changed how we identify customer risks and how we collect deposits from customers and so forth and actually we’ve had some very good luck in terms of keeping our uncollectibles arrearages at a very low level. That was true for much of 2008. Probably a little bit of a tick up so far in 2009 but still within what I would say is a very, very small band. So we have been very pleased with our efforts so far.  
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board :  And so then the capitalized say operating cost for say payroll and so forth, do you expect that to be a similar rate given your lower CapEx budget then or would you expect maybe more of that to be expensed in 2009.
Rich Marsh : I think it would be about the same. 
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board : On the revenue side, you’ve seen a pretty rapid deterioration in industrial in the fourth quarter given the economy have you actually seen any customers announce permanent shutdowns of large plants in your service territory that probably won’t come back. 
Rich Marsh : I don’t know of any permanent shutdowns, certainly many of the impacted facilities are steel or auto related but I’m not aware of any permanent shutdown announcements. 
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board : So you haven’t had any of the big auto plants or anything that have been announced in your particular service territories. 
Rich Marsh : Not that I’m aware of. 
Anthony Alexander : I want to make one correction to an earlier question, I would refer you back to our recent developments in terms of the consolidated report, the October date we were asking for is for the procurement plan at Med Ed and Penn Elec. We actually have a settlement already in place and was recommended by the ALJ for adoption to the commission without modification. Its already pending for the prepayment plan. 
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Greg Gordon – Citigroup
Greg Gordon – Citigroup: The $2.00 per MWH rider, that would go into effect if approved by the Commission April 1 correct.
Rich Marsh : Yes, that’s correct. 
Greg Gordon – Citigroup: If you were to also be approved to make your modifications of the Cleveland RTC balance, when would that adjustment take place. 
Anthony Alexander : June 1. 
Rich Marsh :  Well thanks everybody. We appreciate your time today and your interest in FirstEnergy. If there are any follow-up questions, please feel free to contact Ron Seeholzer or any of the members of our Investor Relations team. Thanks again for your time, everybody have a great day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-05 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Irene Prezelj – Manager, IR Rich Marsh – SVP and CFO Tony Alexander – President and CEO Harvey Wagner – VP, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer Jim Pearson – VP and Treasurer
Analysts: Greg Gordon – Citigroup Jonathan Arnold – Merrill Lynch Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse Gregg Orrill – Barclays Capital Hugh Wynne – Stanford Bernstein John Kiani – Deutsche Bank Ashar Khan – SAC Capital Advisors Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Neil Stein – Levin Capital Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Jeff Coviello – Duquesne Capital
Operator:  Good afternoon. My name is Christel and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the FirstEnergy Corp. third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions)  I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Irene Prezelj, Manager of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Irene Prezelj:  Thank you and good afternoon. During this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects, and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp. are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated report to the financial community, which was released earlier today and is also available on our website under the Earnings Release link. Reconciliation to GAAP for the non-GAAP earnings measures we will be referring to today are also contained in that report as well as on the Investor Information section of our website at www.firstenergycorp.com/ir. Participating in today’s call are Tony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Rich Marsh, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Harvey Wagner, Vice President and Controller; Jim Pearson, Vice President and Treasurer; and Ron Seeholzer, Vice President of Investor Relations. I will now turn the call over to Rich.
Rich Marsh: 
 : Our financial results in the third quarter were strong. Earnings on a GAAP basis were $1.55 per share, an increase from 2007 third quarter earnings of $1.36 per share. Excluding special items, normalized non-GAAP earnings were $1.60 per share compared to $1.32 per share in the third quarter of 2007. This exceeded our guidance for the quarter of $1.40 to $1.46 per share. This year’s normalized non-GAAP earnings exclude a $0.05 per share reduction for the impairment of securities held in trust for future nuclear decommissioning activities. Several items drove this quarter’s positive results. Higher generation revenues increased earnings by $0.16 per share, primarily due to increased wholesale sales volume and prices. This result was supported by a record generation output of 22.2 million megawatt hours during the quarter. Wholesale sales volume increased by 15%, due to a 6% increase in generation output and a 4% decline in retail generation sales. The retail sales reduction of 1.1 million megawatt hours reflects the impact of mild weather, the reduction in industrial usage during the period, and fewer competitive retail contract renewals in PJM by our FirstEnergy Solutions subsidiary. Lower income taxes improved earnings by $0.12 per share and this was driven by two items. The first was the favorable settlement of tax positions taken on our Federal income tax returns for 2004 to 2006, which increased earnings by $0.08 per share. The second was lower taxes payable on our 2007 Federal income tax return filed this September compare to the amount initially estimated. This increased earnings by $0.04 per share. Net MISO and PGM transmission cost increased earnings by $0.04 per share due primarily to increased revenues from the additional re-allocation of auction revenue rights associated with transmission investments in PJM. Investment income during the period increased earnings by $0.04 per share. We realized higher nuclear decommissioning trust income of $0.08 per share as a result of the asset rebalancing within the nuclear decommissioning investment portfolio. And this gain was partially offset by a $0.04 per share reduction, due to declines in the market value of our corporate-owned variable life insurance. Lower financing costs improved earnings by $0.03 per share. This reflected the positive impacts of lower interest rates during the quarter as well as more interest being capitalized this year related to our construction program. Finally, lower expenses in our energy delivery business increased earnings by $0.01 per share. Relative to the same quarter of last year, the reduced use of contract present additional resources devoted to capital projects more than offset increased storm related expenses. The cost of system repairs from the hurricane Ike wind storm that impacted our service area in September was approximately $30 million, of which $19 million was capitalized. The impact of all storms that occurred during the quarter was additional expense of $0.02 per share compared to the prior year. However, the lower energy delivery expenses discussed earlier essentially offset this impact. Tony will provide additional details on this significant storm event in just a minute. Mild weather contributed to a $0.01 per share decrease in distribution delivery revenues. Cooling degree days were 8% lower than in the same period last year and 5% below normal. Kilowatt-hour deliveries in our distribution system dropped by 2% compared to the same period last year. A decline in industrial sales accounted for nearly half of this change and primarily reflects the current difficult dynamics in certain segments of our manufacturing base, particularly autos and auto-related industries. However, the conversion of these generally lower margin industrial sales into increased generation available for wholesale sales at the higher wholesale prices I mentioned earlier, help drive our increased generation revenues for the quarter. While we saw a slowdown in sales growth during the period, particularly in the industrial sector, we don’t expect this trend will have a significant impact on our 2008 financial results. We are closely monitoring our sales activity and other economic indicators to determine what impact the slowdown may have in 2009, and the steps that we may need to take in response to any such slowdown. In addition to the mild weather, three items partially offset the quarter’s positive results. An increase in fuel and purchase power expenses reduced earnings by $0.12 per share. Increased purchase power cost accounted for a $0.11 per share of this reduction, driven primarily by higher wholesale prices. Higher fuel cost reduced earnings by $0.01 per share, due primarily to our increased generation output and were partially offset by our annual core inventory review that reduced this year’s fuel cost by $25 million. As I mentioned on our second quarter conference call, total fuel costs for 2008 are expected to be about $200 million greater than in 2007; and most of this increase is driven by the terms of a new three year western coal transportation contract that took place in 2008 and the impact of rising coal transportation surcharges. Roughly, 55% of this increase is expected to be collected through the Ohio Fuel Rider this year. We continue to expect a similar overall increase in fuel costs in 2009, due primarily to the terms of several eastern coal contracts, as well as increases in other fossil non-coal cost and nuclear fuel expense. The other items partially offsetting the quarter’s positive results included a $0.01 per share increase in our depreciation expense due to incremental property additions and higher Ohio transition cost of amortization expense that reduced earnings by $0.01 per share. We believe that our strong financial results in the third quarter position us well for the remainder of 2008, and we are raising our full-year earnings guidance to $4.30 to $4.40 per share on a non-GAAP basis from the current range of $4.25 to $4.35 per share that was provided in August. Before providing an update on our liquidity position, I would like to spend a minute on our pension plan and our nuclear decommissioning trust, given what is occurring in the markets. We expect that FirstEnergy and other companies that offer a defined benefit pension plan, we will experience an increase in expense in 2009, resulting from the decline in the value of their planning assets. Our pension trust had an asset value of $5.3 billion at the beginning of the year and an estimated value of $3.7 billion on October 31, representing a negative investment return of 25%. Based on this current market value and an estimated discount rate of 8%, our FAS 87 pension expense could be above $0.36 per share greater in 2009 than in 2008. This accounting change would have no impact on cash. The actual accrual for 2009 will be determined at the end of this year in changes in either asset values or the discount rate during the final quarter could materially alter this impact. However, I wanted to provide an order of magnitude estimate of the potential outcome. The pension plan has benefited from cash contributions of $1.3 billion made by the company from 2004 to 2007, and in spite of the market downturn, it currently maintains a funded ratio of 99% on an ABO basis; and based on the over funded status of plan assets at the beginning of the 2008 plan year, we’re required to make a cash contribution in 2009. In regard to our nuclear decommissioning trust, we made the decision earlier in the year to reduce the equity exposure in these portfolios. In addition to rebalancing the asset mix, we also changed the investment manager line up and shifted some assets from active to passively-managed accounts. This process resulted in net income of $0.08 per share this quarter, as gains were realized on some of the assets sold. We don’t expect additional cash contributions to the nuclear decommissioning trust in 2009 other than the required annual PMI Two Trust contribution that’s collected through customer rates. Finally, I’d like to provide a brief update on our liquidity position before I turn the call over to Tony. We issued a letter to the investment community on October 9 that reviewed our liquidity position in some detail. Today I’d like to reiterate that our liquidity position continues to be strong. We expect to continue to execute our financing plans for 2008 and beyond.  In the consolidated report we issued today, we’ve updated our liquidity status on page 10. As of our October 31, 2008 we had access to more than $4 billion of liquidity, of which more than $1.9 billion is currently available, including $456 million in cash. Given the turbulent times that we live in, we’ve already taken several steps to further enhance our financial flexibility. First, in early October, we entered into a $300 million 364-day secured term loan facility with Credit Suisse. We took this proactive step to further solidify our liquidity position during this time of extraordinary market uncertainty. Second, we increased our flexibility by extending the repayment terms for letters of credit associated with our tax-exempt pollution control revenue bond portfolio. We negotiated with our LOC providers to extend the reimbursement period from more than $900 million of letters of credit to previously whatever required reimbursement and any draws within 30 days or less. These LOCs were successfully modified to extend their reimbursement period to either six months or to June of 2009. In addition, as of today we’ve seen the successful remarketing of all but $51 million of the PCRBs backed by Wachovia letters of credit that we reported as not being successfully remarketed in our October 9 investor letter; and this indicates to us that this market has improved over the past few weeks. And third, you may recall that our original financing plans for 2008 called for additional debt financings during the year. To maximize our flexibility regarding the entities to issue this debt, we had previously applied for regulatory authority to issue up to $300 million at each of our Ohio operating companies as well as Met-Ed and JCPNL. We also asked for authority to issue up to $100 million at Penn Power. On October 20, we successfully completed the issuance at Ohio Edison of a $275 million thirty-year first mortgage bond and $25 million ten-year first mortgage bond and the effective yield was 8.5% for both transactions. Our financing plans reflect additional issuance as our needs and market conditions dictate. We remain focused on ensuring that FirstEnergy will continue to deliver the value that investors expect even in these difficult markets. We are re-evaluating our capital budgets, and plan to adjust our discretionary expenditures, while continuing to meet our commitments for required capital projects and necessary operational expenditures. Although this process isn’t yet completed, I expect that our capital expenditures will be reduced from the levels previously anticipated.  We also anticipate the capture of meaningful O&M efficiencies that will help mitigate cost increases in other areas including our pension expense. Combined, we expect these additions to further increase our financial flexibility and cash generation in these uncertain markets. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Tony for his comments.
Tony Alexander:  Thanks, Rich, and good afternoon everyone. I’ll start with an overview of the damage to our transmission and distribution systems that resulted as hurricane Ike swept through Ohio and Western Pennsylvania on September 14. This was the largest storm related outage in our company’s history, with severe winds up to 80 miles per hour affecting more than one million customers in four of our service territories. The restoration effort included energy delivery team members from all seven of our operating companies. And I was very proud of our efforts to restore service in a timely and effective manner. The performance of our generation fleet during the quarter was also noteworthy. We produced 22.2 million megawatt hours, breaking the previous record of 21.5 million megawatt hours in the third quarter of 2006. Our nuclear group achieved an all-time high quarterly output of more than 8.6 million megawatt hours, with a near-perfect capacity factor of 99%. This solid performance reflects the continued efforts and benefits that we are realizing from the full potential of our generating assets to incremental low risk investments. We call this approach mining our assets, and it is delivering results to the bottom line. Let’s talk about regulatory and political activities during the quarter. In Pennsylvania, there was a lot of activity in late September and early October related to energy legislation. The outcome of this was House Bill 2200, which becomes effective next week. This legislation focuses on energy efficiency, demand side response, smart meter programs, and generation procurement. The Bill costs for required reductions in energy conception for all customer classes of 1% by 2011, growing to 3% by 2013, and also encloses a requirement for peak demand reduction of 4.5% by 2013. Utilities in the state are required to file a plan within nine months regarding the installation of smart meters, which is expected to take place over the next 15 years. Companies are also required to file plans with the PPUC to procure power. This process must include a prudent mix of long and short-term contracts as well as spot purchases. We expect to recover the costs of generation procurement, energy efficiency programs and smart meter installation as provided for in the legislation to adjustable riders. This Bill fits into Governor Rendell’s Energy and Independent Strategy announced last year and from our perspective, it’s a step forward in Pennsylvania’s transition to market generation rates and provides customers additional tools to manage their energy usage and costs. We expect that Met-Ed and Penelec will file a proposal with the PPUC in the next few months regarding their power procurement processes. In Ohio, our Electric Security Plan or ESP continues to work its way through the regulatory process at PUCO. Intervener and staff testimony was filed and the evidentiary hearing process that began in mid October was concluded last week. The parties are required to submit initial briefs by November 21, with all reply briefs due by December 12, 2008. As you probably know, the PUCO failed to act on our market rate offer or MRO on October 29, 2008 as required by statute. We are currently unable to predict the outcome of this proceeding, but we do expect the PUCO to fulfill its statutory obligations respecting the MRO. In our original ESP filing, we included an option that we termed the severable short-term ESP. This provided the Commission additional time to consider the ESP and the market rate offer plans. We should know next week if the PUCO will choose this alternative. If not, we expect a PUCO order in the ESP case within the 150 days statutory requirement, which would be prior to the end of this year. Whichever option the PUCO chooses, it appears that a final resolution of our filing is unlikely prior to the annual analyst meeting that we had scheduled for December 3, in New York. We said that the final outcome in Ohio was necessary to provide earnings guidance for 2009 and that we’d postpone the meeting if that wasn’t forthcoming. Accordingly, our Investor Relations Group will provide additional details about the rescheduling of the meeting as the regulatory picture in Ohio is clarified.  While we continue to believe that the ESP offers benefits to our customers, including price stability over the three-year term of the plan, if the Commission opts not to approve that filing, we’re fully prepared to proceed under the market rate offer to ensure that our three Ohio companies have an adequate supply of generation to meet their obligations on January 1 of 2009. Let me close by saying that our organization recognizes the challenge that these uncertain times could produce for FirstEnergy and our economy as a whole. We’re prepared to take those steps necessary to ensure the continued success of our company. We expect to do this in a way that will enable us to build on the positive momentum we’ve developed and continue to focus on the fundamentals, including a rigorous approach to financial discipline and capital management in the aggressive pursuit of excellence in every area of our operations. Our business model is to seek incremental capital additions rather than make large bets on major construction projects. We anticipate that this will continue to give us flexibility over our capital spends and is a good fit with this new economic environment. I’m confident that our actions will provide the value that you expect and that ultimately again be reflected in our market capitalization. Thanks for your time. And now, I ask the operator to open the call for questions.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Citigroup.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:  Thanks, good afternoon. So, just to be clear, the pension cost number you gave, that’s a delta off of 2008?
Rich Marsh:  That is correct, Greg.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:  Because you had a modest positive contribution to earnings through FAS 87 this year, is that not correct?
Rich Marsh:  That’s correct, Greg. So, we would be going from modest pension income in 2008 to pension expense next year with that delta, assuming everything stayed the same, up about $0.36 per share. So, you’ve got that right.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:  What percentage of the total FAS 87 is expense is that versus how much is being capitalized?
Rich Marsh:  It varies from the individual companies. In general, I guess we use something around of three quarter, one quarter kind of split, but it varies free to the individual entities.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:  Okay, so all around 25% goes through any income statements and the majority is capitalized?
Rich Marsh:  No, just the opposite.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:  The opposite. Sorry, thank you.
Rich Marsh:  Sure.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:  My last question is on -- you may not want to answer this until after you get the final decision in the ESP case, but as you look at the managing cash flow into 2009 and 2010, the deferrals that you’re willing to bear under the ESP filed, while the earrings profile would decrease dramatically, you’ve been willing to absorb fairly large deferrals. How quickly, since everyone’s focus of high cash flow and liquidity in this market, do you think you’ll be able to start recovering those deferrals, is there a clear path to securitization? Because there has been debate as to whether there is or there isn’t based on the current framing of legislation, or is there a clear path to an aggressive amortization schedule that would bring that cash in the door relatively quickly?
Tony Alexander:  Greg, under the plan we filed, as you know, we’re seeking Commission authority to securitize. And as you know, in Ohio, that is more like securitization light as compared to the more sophisticated language that we have in other states. With respect to recovery under the plan, I believe that starts automatically. The first part of it, the deferrals in 2009 and 2010, they start to recover in 2011 and will run for approximately 10 years. And then in 2012, any deferral that would result from the Commission’s exercising its option to continue the ESP for 2011; that additional recovery would start in 2012. That is part of the plan.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:  Okay. So, to get that cash in on a faster track, you would need to execute the securitization round?
Rich Marsh:  Yes, and as Tony said, it is not the full-blown off balance sheet securitization that you have seen in some other states, but there could be some options to get the cash in the door quicker.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:  Thank you.
Rich Marsh:  Thanks Greg.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Arnold – Merrill Lynch:  Good afternoon. Rich, thank you for the color on the pension. I was just wondering if you could give some sense of some of the other O&M drivers and you mentioned potential offsets that you are working on. Is there anything you can do to just kind of talk about some of the barriers and potential magnitude of movements in that line?
Rich Marsh:  Well, two things on that, Jonathan; one, we’ve not talked about our 2009 guidance yet; and number two, we’re still going through that process of identifying internally exactly what we can do to reduce both our O&M and capital intensity in 2009. So, our plan would be to present the details on that as a package when we talk about our 2009 guidance. Whatever we end up doing in terms of our capital and O&M budgets we are going to do thoughtfully, we are not going to do anything that takes us off our current strategic track. So, we are prioritizing items into things that need to get done and those things that have some discretion around timing or magnitude. Also looking at obviously how we can do the same things but in the more efficient way.
Jonathan Arnold – Merrill Lynch:  Okay. If I may ask another, I was just wondering if there’s anything that came out of the settlement that Duke has reached in Ohio, that has where see some implications for your own ESP proposal, any color or thoughts on that having seen that settlement?
Rich Marsh:  Jonathan, quite frankly, I have seen what I have read in terms of what you guys and others have summarized. I congratulate Duke for getting a proposal in front of the Commission with some parties agreeing to it, but I think our case is a little different.
Jonathan Arnold – Merrill Lynch:  Okay, thank you.
Rich Marsh:  Thanks, Jonathan.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse:  Hey, good afternoon.
Tony Alexander:  Hey, Dan
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse:  On the customer consumption patterns you are seeing out there in the third quarter, were you seeing down usage out of the commercial and residential customers or was this all an industrial hit once you weather adjustments?
Tony Alexander:  We don’t weather adjust; I know some companies do that. Obviously, that makes that comparison more difficult. I think it’s fair to say the economic conditions are probably starting to impact our load as a whole. The most noticeable was in the auto sector during the third quarter as you would expect, but the impacts are not even across our service territory. Our steel customers continue for the most part to do well. Our residential base in sort of the Southeastern part of Pennsylvania continues to show growth as people migrate out of the New York and Maryland areas into Southeast Pennsylvania; that is still continuing to grow. General motors, I understand, is looking to invest a considerable sum of money in the Lordstown plant, which is near Youngstown. They are going to produce the crews that global subcompact car there. So, the results are not evenly spread but I would say the biggest impact we have seen so far is in the auto sector, which is not a surprise.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse:  And in the quarter there was a net gain for you guys by being able to redirect the industrial megawatt hours from industrial customers into the wholesale market, is that a fair assessment?
Tony Alexander:  It is a fair assessment.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse:  In today’s power price environment, is it still a fair assessment that is a net gain or has some of that gone away as prices have come down?
Tony Alexander:  It has probably been reduced, but given the prices that we have on those customers, it is still a favorable calculus for the company when that happens.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse:  And then one last one, Rich, the tax rate for 2009 what should be the expectations, since you guys got some nice positives here in 2008?
Rich Marsh:  Sure, I will have Harvey answer that, Dan.
Harvey Wagner:  Marginal rate would be about 37.75%, Dan.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse:  Okay, all right, great thank you guys.
Rich Marsh:  Thanks, Dan.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Gregg Orrill with Barclays Capital.
Gregg Orrill – Barclays Capital:  Hi, everyone.
Tony Alexander:  Hi, Gregg.
Gregg Orrill – Barclays Capital:  Just a quick one back on the topic of pension. You touched on the discount rate of 8%; I was wondering if that was something you were looking at changing as well?
Tony Alexander:  Well, the discount rate, it is based off high-grade corporate yields, so that changes over time. The 8% was an estimate we made at the point of time where we did this calculation around the end of October. So that will likely change in some way by the end of the year, it could very well change. So as that and asset values change, it will obviously impact pension cost for 2009. So when you look at the number that I gave just remember that as of that point in time October 31 and it could change.
Gregg Orrill – Barclays Capital:  Okay, thanks a lot.
Tony Alexander:  Sure, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Hugh Wynne with Stanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne – Stanford Bernstein:  Hi, congratulations on the output of the generation fleet. That was truly impressive this quarter.
Tony Alexander:  Thanks.
Hugh Wynne – Stanford Bernstein:  The question regarding the revision to the earnings guidance, you have included in the third quarter a couple of items that I guess are unlikely to recur, right? The $0.12 in tax adjustments paid back to the 2007 Federal income tax return in previous years, and then this nuclear decommissioning trust income of $0.08 is also I think one off, isn’t that in the sense that it has to do with the reallocation of the portfolio and realized gains as a result?
Rich Marsh:  I think that’s largely a fair statement.
Hugh Wynne – Stanford Bernstein:  Okay, so we’ve got $0.20 positive in Q3 normalized earnings and then the earnings guidance however is increased by only $0.05 for the year. Does that reflect anything? Are you expecting a simply difficult fourth quarter or does it not have any particular information by?
Rich Marsh:  I don’t think it implies anything specific. I mean we set the annual guidance at what we thought was a reasonable level. Obviously, we did have a couple of items in the third quarter. Given the economic climate we are operating in, it could always be uncertainties out there. But we would expect to finish the year certainly within the new revised guidance range and that should set us strong stage for 2009, but there is nothing other specific in the fourth quarter that will be taking a soft track.
Hugh Wynne – Stanford Bernstein:  One last thing regarding earnings items in the third quarter, did you think or correctly say that fuel cost reduced by $25 million due to an inventory review?
Rich Marsh:  Yes, we did.
Hugh Wynne – Stanford Bernstein:  I appreciate it.
Rich Marsh:  Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of John Kiani with Deutsche Bank.
John Kiani – Deutsche Bank:  Good afternoon.
Rich Marsh:  Hi, John.
John Kiani – Deutsche Bank:  Can you remind us again what benefit or contribution you have from the recent coal mine that you bought into and how that affects or improves your coal hedge position, please?
Rich Marsh:  Yes, you are talking about Signal Peak or Bull Mountain I guess.
John Kiani – Deutsche Bank:  That’s right, Bull Mountain.
Rich Marsh:  Yes, this is the mine we bought in Montana that is currently being built out. We would expect to start taking coal from that facility in late 2009 and into 2010. The benefit there is that that coal is higher BTU content than PRB. So, we get a pick up in the energy content of the coal. The delivered cost from Signal Peak will be roughly equivalent to what Powder River Basin is, but with about a 10% higher energy content, so we get a pick up, if you will, in terms of free generation or free megawatts of 170 to 200 additional megawatts over what we would have achieved with Powder River Basin cost. So that’s the primary benefit that led us into this transaction. There could be other economic benefits as well as in that some portion of the coal that we are entitled to take. We won’t need for our own uses and that can be resold out in the market. So there could be an upside from that as well.
John Kiani – Deutsche Bank:  So, if I understand you correctly, Rich it sounds like the supply you get from Signal Peak in addition to the benefits of the heat content could actually make you net long coal in the 2010 and 2011 timeframe?
Tony Alexander:  Yes, we are net one for that timeframe.
John Kiani – Deutsche Bank:  Okay, thank you very much.
Tony Alexander:  Thank you, John.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan with SAC Capital Advisors.
Ashar Khan – SAC Capital Advisors:  Good afternoon and congrats.
Tony Alexander:  Hey, Ashar.
Ashar Khan – SAC Capital Advisors:  Rich, I just wanted to go over the numbers that were provided on cash flow CapEx at the conference last year, and just wanted to see if you are on track on those, you had net cash flow from operating activities for 2008 of like $2.2 billion, CapEx of about $1.7 billion in the nuclear fuel fabrication of 0.1, which said available cash before dividend, so about 395. Is that still an expected cash flow number for this year?
Rich Marsh:  We’ve had some changes on the capital side, Ashar. One being, some of the things we’ve done during the year, one is Signal Peak as we just discussed. Purchased that during the year, there was an equity investment of $125 million for that that was not included in the original $1.7 billion capital number. Also purchased, the Fremont gas generating asset there was $275 million, and we also re-acquired certain of our sale leaseback interests, which was $438 million. So, those were some of the significant additions that will push capital above the $1.7 billion that you had mentioned.
Ashar Khan – SAC Capital Advisors:  Okay, but if I’m right, those were like onetime acquisition opportunities, which have PVs going forward positive, but as we look at next year, CapEx on AQS was to fall down. So, is one to safe to say that you will be on like a cash flow basis, kind of neutral, after paying for the dividends? Because if I’m right, the environmental CapEx fall down a $150 million and we get the Ohio distribution case that we no longer acquired the deferrals. So, going forward in nine, shouldn’t be like be in a balanced cash flow position after paying dividends?
Rich Marsh:  As you know Ashar, we haven’t given specific guidance, but I think the pieces you’re putting together sound reasonable. Capital should go down next year. The environmental spend goes from over $600 million this year down to about $500 million next year. As I mentioned, we’re looking at ways of producing some incremental savings from both the capital O&M side, which will increase free cash flow as well. So, I think you are looking at that the pieces properly. As I said, we haven’t specifically added it all up for the three yet, but we look forward to doing that when we give our guidance as a whole.
Ashar Khan – SAC Capital Advisors:  Okay. And then if I can just ask what happens on November 15, we get either they say, we can’t make a decision and hence your income proposal is accepted and that becomes the interim proposal in gear. So, we get a notice from the Commission on November 15, that either they’re going to issue us a decision or they’re going to accept the income proposal; and secondly, if you could just talk with us how the interim proposal is different from the current proposal in terms of it’s kind of earnings impacts as long as in the first year, do we get a decision?
Tony Alexander:  Well, Ashar I mean the commission can choose not to do anything next week on it and it will expire on its own weight. If I understand it correctly, they can accept it as we filed it, they can modify it and we could reject it or accept it. Under any one of those scenarios, depending how it shakes out, let’s assume the Commission adopts as we filed and therefore it would go into effect January 1. I think it runs for three months, I believe three or four months to give the Commission adequate time to deal with either an ESP at that point or to take the MRO option. My sense is that, when it was filed, it was filed fairly neutral to what would happen under an ESP within some sort of ranges, because there are a lot of moving parts when you put these things together. So, at this point, we are just kind of waiting to see what the Commission chooses to do.
Rich Marsh:  I think one of the changes under the short-term ESP, Ashar was that the generation rate would be $7.75, so just a little bit higher than the ESP, which is 75 next year.
Ashar Khan – SAC Capital Advisors:  But, we don’t get to write-off the Cleveland, am I right, Rich, under the income won?
Rich Marsh:  That is correct.
Ashar Khan – SAC Capital Advisors:  So, we still have to -- okay, thank you very much.
Rich Marsh:  Thank you, Ashar.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  Good afternoon, guys.
Tony Alexander:  Hey, Paul.
Rich Marsh:  Good afternoon, Paul.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  Just to clarify just a few things. The tax rate for this year, I am coming up with still far about 36.5%, maybe we are little more than that. Is there – what should we be thinking about in terms of the full-year and the tax rate for 2008; and is there any other benefit that you guys are expecting in 2009?
Harvey Wagner:  Paul, this is Harvey Wagner. You are asking for tax benefits in 2008?
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  Right and 2009, if there is anything that is planned there as well?
Harvey Wagner:  Nothing further in 2008, we do have a large item that is before the IRS now that we expect could be taken to the joint committee of congress, if we are successful with that could be a significant amount for 2009.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  And that is included in the 37.75%?
Harvey Wagner:  No, it is not.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  It is not.
Harvey Wagner:  And that was the marginal rate.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  How much is that?
Harvey Wagner:  It is upwards of about $130 million.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  Okay.
Harvey Wagner:  Before the interest component of that, so – it is a large item.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  It sounds pretty big, okay. The second thing is, what was the pension benefit that you guys have for 2008? It looked like it was $0.03 for the quarter, if am I right? What is the total benefit that you guys are getting from pension this year?
Rich Marsh:  If you look – if you are talking about FAS 87 expense, Paul, which I think you are for the full-year, it is income of about $0.07 per share this year in 2008.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  Okay and then we with the nuclear decommissioning trust fund, just year-to-date I mean $0.08, it sounds like there was some realized gains in that. Just what was the impact of the nuclear decommissioning funds for 2008?
Rich Marsh:  In terms of the $0.08, let me just explain first how that was generated. As I mentioned earlier, we had – we decorate the portfolio we moved from less active to more passive. Retained some new managers, terminated others. So as you go through that process of moving assets around some of those assets were sold and gains were realized. So that is what drove that item. There is an impact to one degree or another every quarter, I don’t know, Harvey do you have that in front of you?
Harvey Wagner:  Yes, we’ve impaired securities in the trust up to $0.12 a share so far in the first nine months. So that would be an offset to be the gains that you’re talking about.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  Okay, great and then finally, I guess Tony, why do you think that the Commission didn’t act on the MRO? I mean, it just seems a little peculiar and I am just wondering what you think is sort of going on there, what is the -- I mean if you know I don’t know, I mean just in general, how should we think about? It just seems like there was a statutory timeline? I don’t see it on the agenda in the near-term? What is going on?
Tony Alexander:  I guess you probably should ask them. My sense is they have probably got their hands full right now and they are trying to get out as many orders as they can, they have got a lot of different things, lot of balls in the air and hopefully they are going through it and they are spending the time that is necessary to issue an order that will allow us adequate time to prepare and have our utility companies and their customers protected as of January, 1.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  Okay, but they haven’t given you much more detail other than that, I mean other than that, we don’t really have any specific time or any sense?
Tony Alexander:  Again you are – you asked for perception. I have a bidding contact with the Commission about the timing of it.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  Okay. Thank you very much guys.
Rich Marsh:  Thanks, Paul.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Brenden Nuvay [ph] with Levin Capital.
Neil Stein – Levin Capital:
Tony Alexander:  Good, how are you?
Neil Stein – Levin Capital:
Tony Alexander:  Those rates have ticked down. Jim can give you a little overview, what – where we are right now.
Jim Pearson:  Yes, those rates have been ticking down. We have been seeing some of our daily reset in 1% to 1.25% range. So, they are coming back pretty much in line with what we have been paying earlier in the year.
Neil Stein – Levin Capital:  Okay. As you go forward, I guess it’s a great program because it’s so inexpensive, but then it makes you at times I guess more vulnerable to events like what we saw over the past six weeks. Any thoughts, kind of re-jiggering that program, or reducing dependence on it or shrinking it?
Tony Alexander:  We do plan re-jigger it to some degree Neil, in terms of trimming some of that out maybe into one to five year kind of put bond maturity something on that magnitude, depending on market condition. So, that will allow us to take advantage of that market generally, but give us more flexibility and eliminate some of the other issues you had mentioned there. So, yes, we will be taking a good look at how we can make that portfolio better going forward.
Neil Stein – Levin Capital:
Tony Alexander:  It’s really governed by market conditions and when you can do it. So, it could be done in several slices, even it might not all be done at one point in time. There is various things will be moving over the last several years we’ve been moving PCRBs over from the outcomes over to the generating companies following the transfer of the assets at the end of 2005. We have one more slice of that to do, so there is various parts and pieces that we can do. There is new money financing for the CMSAQC project, PCRB. So, we can do part of it through that mechanism as well.
Neil Stein – Levin Capital:
Jim Pearson:  This is Jim. We generally borrow at the weekly LIBOR and again the weekly LIBOR is start to comeback into more of a normalcy range. I think its preset at 1.34 yesterday, so ones we pay that along with essentially our commitment fee, we’re down in and around at 2% range now.
Neil Stein – Levin Capital:
Tony Alexander:  Yes, it does.
Neil Stein – Levin Capital:
Jim Pearson:  No, I would not say we are – that facility is good through 2012.
Neil Stein – Levin Capital:
Jim Pearson:  And we have the ability to roll that on a weekly basis as we borrow from. We will look to term out some of our borrowings through some of our new financing that Rich talked about, but it’s not our intention to take that down to zero at this point.
Neil Stein – Levin Capital:  Right, but should we expect it to maintain a balance in excess of $2 billion on that facility or do you think maybe it will come down $1 billion?
Jim Pearson:  I think the trend will be to come down.
Neil Stein – Levin Capital:
Jim Pearson:  Because as I mentioned earlier, our capital expenditures, our capital intensity will be less next year and the financing plan that we have in place incorporates issuances that are operating companies and elsewhere. So, the combination of those two things will reducing the amount drawn going down overtime.
Neil Stein – Levin Capital:
Tony Alexander:  Thank you, Neil.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont with Jefferies & Company.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company:  First question, something I guess I totally don’t understand. You’ve got an adjustment from non-GAAP earnings for trust securities, nonrecurring impairments, but the trust securities nonrecurring gains are included in your operating number or what’s the difference and what’s the logic there?
Harvey Wagner:  Paul, this is Harvey Wagner. It’s basically, what is realized versus what is unrealized under the accounting rules or other than temporary impairments we are not able to recognize through P&L of the increase in the value of Nuclear Regulatory Commission and trust securities after they have been impaired, so that’s basically the difference between the two.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company:  Okay. The other questions I have is, can you give any type of an update on how much of the Pennsylvania megawatt hour position remains open and should we expect lower power prices onto essentially reduce that expense on a going forward basis, where also would have been let say midyear when gas prices were high?
Harvey Wagner:  Well, I think they have position from a power supply standpoint is essentially closed and obviously, big chuck of that is coming out of the Beaver Valley plant as we wheel that power with our Pennsylvania customer. So, might have some marginal impact, but I don’t think it’s going to tremendously alter the equation.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company:  What you are saying is between now and the expiration of the Pennsylvania plan, all of that supply is basically hedged at a fixed price?
Rich Marsh:  I would say the majority of it is, yes.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company:  Okay, last question has to do with the heat rates. We didn’t really see an improvement in heat rates for the declining gas prices in the third quarter, any thoughts as to why that might not have happened in the Midwest?
Tony Alexander:  Well, I don’t have any, I don’t know if anybody in the group does. Don’t, Paul.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company:  Thank you very much.
Tony Alexander:  Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  What’s a good average rate to industrial customers, if we just kind of want to think about the margin remaining first from moving industrial sales to the wholesale markets?
Rich Marsh:  I don’t know what the average is, Paul, it varies. Some of these customers had contracts that go back quite a period in time. I t varies, but I would say the majority of them are well under existing market rates, but I don’t exactly what the average is.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  Is $30 reasonable?
Rich Marsh:  I would think it would be, yes.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  And have you done a sensitivity on what a 50 basis point move at a discount rate; how that would change your pension plans?
Rich Marsh:  Well we have some rules of thumb I mean basically, I think for every 25 basis points change in the discount rate, is equates to above $13 million pretax expense plus or minus. That is the kind of rule of thumb we use.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  Thank you very much. My other questions have been answered.
Rich Marsh:  Thank you Paul. Why don’t we do one more question please?
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jeff Coviello with Duquesne Capital.
Jeff Coviello – Duquesne Capital:  Hi, guys, I think this question might have been answered, but just as far as that I guess hypothetical, if the MRO plan doesn’t get approved by the Commission and they don’t act on the ESP or the short-term plan then I guess that’s -- what course of action do you take? You have to supply power to your customers so, you just buy it from the market and then charge for it at market price, is that essentially how it would work?
Tony Alexander:  That would be one option.
Jeff Coviello – Duquesne Capital:  Okay.
Tony Alexander:  I mean the utilities could go out and do any sort of sourcing that they – but it would all be all sourced from the market.
Jeff Coviello – Duquesne Capital:  Okay, so that’s just and that exists under the current law, right the MRO is just a – the MRO just a method of going about that?
Tony Alexander:  The MRO is a statutory method going about it. The others are just a practical, what happens if the customer needs electricity and Ohio Edison, CEI, and Toledo Edison do not have access to it. They are going to have to go out and work on behalf of customers to try to lock something down and that’s why it’s very important at the commission act in a responsible way here.
Jeff Coviello – Duquesne Capital:  Got it. Okay, thank you very much guys. 
Tony Alexander:  Thank you, Jeff. We appreciate everybody’s time today. We went a little bit longer than we typically do, but we had a lot of good questions. We appreciate that and hopefully that additional information was useful to you. If anybody didn’t get a chance to ask a question or if there are any follow-up questions as always please feel free to give our Investor Relations team a buzz and we appreciate your time and look forward to seeing many of you at EEI next week and hope everybody has a good day.
Operator:  This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-01 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Anthony J. Alexander - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Richard H. Marsh - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President James F. Pearson - Vice President, Treasurer Harvey L. Wagner - Vice President, Controller, Chief Accounting Officer Ronald E. Seeholzer - Vice President, Investor Relations [Irene Prezo] - Manager of Investor Relations
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Citigroup Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co. John Kiani - Deutsche Bank North America Paul T. Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets/McDonald Paul Patterson - Glen Rock Neal Stein - Levin Capital
Operator: Welcome everyone to the FirstEnergy Corp second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, [Irene Prezo], Manager of Investor Relations.
[Irene Prezo]: During this conference call we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects, and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated report to the financial community which was released earlier today and is also available on our website under the earnings release link. Reconciliation to GAAP for the non-GAAP earnings measures we will be referring to today are also contained in that report as well as on the investor information section on our website at www.firstenergycorp.com/ir. Participating in today’s call are Tony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer, Rich Marsh, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Harvey Wagner, Vice President and Controller, Jim Pearson, Vice President and Treasurer, and Ron Seeholzer, Vice President of Investor Relations. I’ll now turn the call over to Rich.
Richard H. Marsh: Good afternoon everyone and thanks for being with us. We have a full agenda for you today. I’ll start by providing an overview of our second quarter financial results and then Tony Alexander will discuss the filing we made yesterday with the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio regarding both an electric security plan and a market rate offer. As I review our second quarter results you may want to refer to the consolidated report to the investment community that we issued this morning. Let’s go ahead and get started with our results. Earnings on a GAAP basis in the second quarter were $0.86 per share compared to $1.11 per share in the same period last year. The quarterly earnings guidance we provided for 2008 anticipated that results for the second quarter would be below those of the prior year since the greater proportion of our annual earnings is expected to be generated in the second half of the year compared to 2007. Excluding special items, normalized non-GAAP earnings were $0.87 per share compared to $1.13 per share in the second quarter of 2007. This year’s normalized non-GAAP earnings exclude the effect of a $0.03 per share gain from a claim settlement related to a previously-sold international asset as well as a $0.04 per share loss related to the impairment of securities held on our nuclear decommissioning trust. Positive drivers of this quarter’s comparative results include an $0.08 per share increase in generation revenues primarily driven by higher wholesale and retail unit prices more than offsetting a 6% decrease in total electric generation sales, a $0.04 per share decrease in financing costs reflecting lower interest rates on both short-term and long-term variable rate borrowings, a $0.02 per share increase due to lower nuclear operating expenses, and a $0.01 per share reduction in pension expense. Our results were adversely impacted by unusually mild weather through much of the quarter. Heating degree days were almost 7% below the level of the prior year while cooling degree days were down almost 11%. Overall the weather contributed to a $0.05 per share decrease in distribution delivery revenues as kilowatt-hour deliveries declined by 2% compared to the same period last year. Residential deliveries accounted for the majority of that change. Deliveries to the industrial class were down less than 0.5% during the second quarter the prior year. Usage by our steel and refining customers grew while deliveries to our automotive manufacturers declined. In addition to the weather increases in fuel and purchased power expenses reduced earnings by a combined $0.23 per share versus the prior year. Fuel costs reduced earnings by $0.03 per share and were largely driven by transportation surcharges resulting from the sharp increase in diesel fuel prices. The total volume of our power purchases in the second quarter across our service territory was little changed from the prior year as increased purchases in PJM offset lower purchases in MISO. Our purchases in PJM included replacement power for the scheduled Beaver Valley refueling outage and for increased customer loads due to a brief but intense hot spell in early June. We had a heavy maintenance schedule at our fossil units during the period that included a 57-day outage at our 830 megawatt Mansfield Unit 1 for generator rewind and boiler work. Although our overall loads during the quarter were reduced due to mild weather, when combined with these planned maintenance outages our total purchased power needs are about the same as in the prior year. The average unit price of the power we purchased during the quarter increased 25% however and adversely impacted earnings by $0.20 per share. The contributing factor was spot purchases to meet customer loads particularly in PJM during the warm spell at the beginning of June when power prices exceeded $100 per megawatt hour. The number of generation units through MISO and PJM were down for maintenance activities during this period including some of our own.  Other factors that reduced earnings on a comparative basis included a $0.06 per share increase in fossil generation O&M expense due to the increased number of planned outages, a $0.02 per share increase in depreciation expense due to incremental property additions, and a $0.04 per share decrease in investment income from our corporate-owned life insurance portfolio compared to the prior year. This was driven by capital market conditions during the period. The equity markets as measured by the S&P500 experienced a strong second quarter in 2007 posting a gain of almost 6%. This year’s second quarter was a different story however and the Index recorded a loss of over 3% in that period. Due to the conditions I discussed, our results in the second quarter fell below the quarterly guidance we provided at the beginning of the year. For the first six months of 2008 however, our normalized non-GAAP earnings were $1.75 falling squarely in our previously-announced guidance range for that period. Having achieved that performance despite the weather and other challenges, we believe that results during the remainder of the year will place us in the top half of our original annual earnings guidance range. So today we’re revising our non-GAAP earnings guidance for the year from $4.15 to $4.35 to $4.25 to $4.35. We anticipate that about56% of the earnings in the second half of the year will fall in the third quarter with 44% in the final quarter. We remain on track to make 2008 another solid year for FirstEnergy. I’d like to take a few minutes to comment on our coal portfolio and the Beaumont mine transaction that we recently announced. Like all fossil generators we’ve tracked the increase in coal prices over the past year or so and we’ve also seen transportation surcharges rise rapidly along with the price of diesel fuel which has gone from about $2.90 per gallon last summer to about $4.70 currently. Our practice of securing long-term contracts for coal is intended to provide a high degree of supply assurance and our contract pricing typically results in costs that lag the market in a rising cost environment. Our supply positions are hedged through 2011 and we have coal transportation contracts in place to cover more than 90% of the tons we expect to burn over the next five years. We believe these strategies position us well relative to other generators. Even so, we expect an increase of about $200 million in total fuel costs in 2008 versus 2007 roughly 55% of which will be collected through the Ohio Fuel Rider this year. Most of this increase was driven by the terms of new three-year western coal transportation contracts that took effect in 2008 and the impact of rising coal transportation surcharges. We expect to see a similar overall increase in total fuel costs in 2009 due primarily to the terms of several eastern coal contracts as well as increases in other fossil non-coal fuel costs and nuclear fuel expense. These continued changes in the coal markets provide additional incentives for us to look at new and more creative ways to manage our fuel portfolio. And that was one factor that led to our recent investment in the Bull Mountain Coal Mine in Montana. In mid-July we entered into a joint venture to acquire an 80% interest in this facility. Our total equity investment will be $125 million and we’ll own a 45% interest in the joint venture that was formed with an affiliate of the Boich Companies. Both parties to the joint venture will have a 50% voting interest. At the same time we entered into a 15-year agreement to purchase 10 million tons of coal annually from the mine with delivery beginning as early as the end of 2009. While the delivered cost of this coal is expected to be similar to PRB, the 10,300 BTU energy content of the Bull Mountain Coal will allow us to avoid derates totaling more than 170 megawatts at our coal generating units. The additional generation we expect to gain through the use of the Bull Mountain Coal makes this the single most significant of our asset mining initiatives. And because we’ll generate these additional megawatts without additional SO2 emissions, it’s environmentally advantageous as well. The arrangement also gives us the opportunity to sell any coal that we don’t burn at our own facilities. The Bull Mountain transaction is a valuable and strategic addition to our fuel portfolio. It provides a long-term supply of higher BTU coal for more than one-third of our projected annual coal needs at very favorable prices and we’re glad that we were able to take advantage of this opportunity. Before we move on to Tony, let me briefly mention the EPA’s Clean Air Interstate Rule and the ruling by the DC Circuit Court of Appeals on July 11 that vacated that regulation. We continue to evaluate the Court’s decision but we currently believe that we have no material impairment issues regarding our SO2 or annual NOx emission allowances. Although no one can be sure exactly what path this issue will follow in the coming months, we’ll continue to monitor the situation and any impacts it might have on our company. I’ll now turn the call over to Tony for his comments regarding our ESP and MRO filings.
Anthony J. Alexander: Good afternoon everyone. As you know, yesterday we filed both our Electric Security Plan and our market rate offer with the PUCO. These proposals outline our approach for meeting the requirements of amended substitute Senate Bill 221 for our three Ohio delivery companies and offer a constructive path toward a competitive generation market. We look forward to completing the regulatory process in a manner that will positively position FirstEnergy for the future. Additional details about the filings are contained in our letter to the investment community that was released yesterday afternoon. Links to the letter and a copy of the complete filing can be found on our website. We believe that the ESP which we designed as required by Senate Bill 221 to be more favorable in aggregate for customers and the MRO provides a comprehensive solution for the needs of our Ohio customers. To manage the overall rate increases for our customers the ESP provides an annual phase-in credit of 10% or more on generation service and also results in a staged recovery of the deferrals created by the plan. We also offer securitization as an option for collection of the deferrals. Under the ESP our unregulated subsidiary FirstEnergy Solutions would provide generation service to our Ohio delivery companies for the duration of the plan which is three years with a Commission option to end the plan after two years. The delivery companies would have the ability to recover certain cost increases such as fuel transportation surcharges as well as other costs including renewable energy requirements in excess of those in the existing legislation, new environmental requirements, or taxes in excess of $50 million. The plan would also permit the delivery companies to recover 2011 incremental fuel costs above the 2010 level. In addition to the generation provisions, the plan also addresses the distribution rate case filed last year and the deferred fuel cost recovery issues pending before the PUCO. Base distribution rates across the three Ohio delivery companies would increase $150 million as a result and we would also implement a delivery service improvement charge to support our efforts to further improve customer service and reliability. To achieve more uniform customer pricing across our three Ohio delivery companies, we proposed as part of the ESP to waive collection of the regulatory transition charge or RTC starting in 2009 that would otherwise be collected from the Cleveland Electric Illuminating customers through the end of 2010. If the plan is approved, CEI would write off the unrecovered costs being collected through the RTC. This write-off would total approximately $485 million and is expected to reduce 2008 earnings by about $1.00 per share. We would consider this a special item that would be normalized for earnings guidance purposes. Finally, the ESP continues our strong commitment to energy efficiency, economic development, and delivery infrastructure capital investments over the next several years. Now if the ESP is not approved, we’re prepared to immediately implement the market rate offer or MRO. Under the market rate offer our delivery companies would procure generation supply through a competitive bidding process. And independent third party would conduct the bidding process with oversight by the Commission. Any interested wholesale supplier including FirstEnergy Solutions could bid on slices of the three company system load under a descending clock format. The initial competitive bidding process will set rates beginning in 2009 and use a staggered bid where one-third of the total load of all three companies will be bid for supply through May 31, 2010; one-third of the total load will be bid for supply through May 31, 2011; and one-third of the total load will be bid for supply through May 31, 2012. After the conclusion of the initial solicitation, each of the delivery periods will align with the MISO planning year. Beginning in 2009 and during each calendar year thereafter, the delivery companies will conduct two competitive solicitations which combined will acquire one-third of the total load of all three companies for a three-year period. The MRO incorporates a reconciliation mechanism to ensure that the delivery companies don’t over- or under-collect for generation service, thereby ensuring a neutral financial outcome for the companies. Senate Bill 221 requires the PUCO to issue a decision on the MRO by the end of October. If the MRO option is approved and implemented, we expect that the initial solicitation would take place following final PUCO approval so the new rates could be effective on January 1, 2009. This timeline is important as the FERC approved contract between the delivery companies and FirstEnergy Solutions expires on December 31, 2008. The ESP also includes a contingency plan called the Severable Short-Term ESP if the timing of either the ESP or MRO approval does not allow for implementation of new rates by January 1. We are looking for PUCO approval of the short-term ESP on or before November 14, 2008 after which time the option would be withdrawn if not approved. If approved, a temporary generation rate of 7.75 cents per kilowatt hour would be put in place and would provide the PUCO with additional time until March 5, 2009 to act on the full ESP. If no action is taken by that date however or if the Commission rejects the longer-term ESP, the delivery companies will proceed with the competitive bid under the MRO with a procurement option sometime in early April. This will allow generation supply under the MRO to begin on May 1 of next year. We believe that either the ESP or MRO will position FirstEnergy for success, and I’m hopeful that we’ll be able to work through the Commission approval process well in advance of January 1 although there’s a lot of work to be done. Finally, it’s important to note that we believe yesterday’s filing meets not only the letter but also the full spirit of the new law. The ESP is a good plan for our company and a good plan for our customers but we’re prepared to pursue the MRO path if necessary. We look forward to a positive PUCO outcome during the fourth quarter. Let me conclude by affirming our commitment to exceeding the expectations we’ve established for ourselves. We’ve tightened our earnings guidance range for 2008 and we continue to manage the transition to competitive generation markets in Ohio in 2009 and Pennsylvania in 2011. We’re well positioned for continued earnings growth and as always remain committed to superior execution in our daily operations. Thanks for your interest in FirstEnergy. Now I’ll turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Greg Gordon - Citigroup.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: On the earnings for the second quarter and balance of the year, if we adjust for weather and if your plants had not been down for maintenance, how far above the high end of the guidance range would we be on the year on sort of a normalized from those events because clearly you’re still hitting the high end of the range even with those setbacks?
Anthony J. Alexander: Greg it’s always been our policy not to attempt to normalize for weather impacts or some of these other items that you mentioned, so since we don’t do that I don’t know what those numbers are. But you’re correct. Those were factors that really did shape events during the second quarter. And I know some other companies do normalize weather and other events, but that’s just been our practice.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: I’m not presuming to say that you actually did earn more money. All I’m trying to say is that if we hadn’t had the weather events on a normalized weather basis, you would have been well ahead of your guidance for the year. Is that fair?
Anthony J. Alexander: Yes, I think that’s a fair statement overall.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: When I look at the filing you made in the letter that you made available and the documents you made available via email, you show a base generation rate for 2008 of $0.68 cents going to $0.075 cents in 09 and going up to $0.08 or $0.085 cents. Can you tell me what’s in that base 6.8 cents?
Anthony J. Alexander: The basic G price Greg includes energy and capacity except for some certain planning reserve requirements. It includes line losses and it includes renewable requirements under Senate Bill 221. What it excludes would be transmission, that planning reserve capacity charge I mentioned, and certain increased fuel costs.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: So it does exclude all transmission?
Anthony J. Alexander: It excludes transmission, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: A quick one on the next steps with the review in the PUCO. How much visibility do you have on the proceedings and what we’ll be looking out for as the next road map way marker?
Anthony J. Alexander: At this point we don’t have a procedural schedule that I know of, so we will be waiting on the Commission to take action, begin to set a procedural schedule and go from that point.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: But it would be the normal hearings. You’ve submitted them and staff will comment on hearings, etc. as far as you know?
Anthony J. Alexander: We would anticipate hearings. I don’t know whether or not there’ll be a staff report in the kind of traditional sense of a full-scale rate case or not. I’m just not familiar enough with the process that the staff and the Commission intend to go through, but I do anticipate that there will be hearings.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: You have the third year of the plan being at the PUCO option. What happens if they choose not to execute that option and then sort of beyond that, are there any provisions within the plan as to how things work after the plan finishes?
Anthony J. Alexander: Yes, there are very detailed provisions inside the plan with respect to what continues, what drops off, and how to proceed under a number of different scenarios including that one.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: We should be able to find that within the documents somewhere?
Anthony J. Alexander: Yes.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Any high level summary you can give us on that Tony?
Anthony J. Alexander: You don’t want to go through the full 1,000 pages Jonathan?
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Well, we’ll get there but it may take us some of the afternoon.
Anthony J. Alexander: My sense is you really need to take a look at it because depending on what question you have, the team spent a lot of time identifying how this thing will proceed. If it goes through this full term, because remember the distribution rate freeze runs through 2013 I believe, so there are terms that continue beyond the three years of the generation part piece of the plan. And there’s been a lot of time and thought given to each one of the potential scenarios, what comes on and what comes off and what’s affected by the Commission’s decisions.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Is there one piece of testimony in particular you’d recommend we look at on that subject or is it sort of dotted around the filing?
Anthony J. Alexander: I think it’s spread across several layers of testimony Jonathan. 
Richard H. Marsh: The simplest way Jonathan is Ron Seeholzer.
Ronald E. Seeholzer: There’s an application both for ESP and MRO, 40 some pages in the front end, and I think if you try to get through both of those initially, you’ll get an awful lot of the background.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers.
Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers: A question on the securitization proposal. I assume that a key issue in getting it approved is whether it’s a cheaper cost versus a sort of defer and recover scenario and that gets back to making it a lower cost of borrowing for someone through legislative backing or the agencies. What’s the latest thinking on that?
Richard H. Marsh: First of all Gregg, let me comment. In the proposal we made yesterday we’re not asking authority to securitize. What we’re doing is laying out a framework for the Commission’s proposal in terms of securitization to consider. So if we go that route we would have separate applications to actually gain the authority to securitize. We laid out a mechanism that is I would say probably conventional or traditional with what you’ve seen in other states as far as how the securitization mechanism would work. There’s Attachment A in the filings that kind of runs you through the various steps of that. I won’t go through that now but I would call it a relatively conventional sort of securitization transaction. You’re right that we have two options to recover the costs. One would be securitization with bonds with final maturity not to exceed 10 years. The second option is a recovery mechanism also not to exceed 10 years where we would earn a carrying charge on those deferrals at the annual rate of approximately 8.5% during the period those expenses are being deferred. And then once the recovery started, we would earn at the long-term debt rate for each of the individual companies. So that’s kind of weighing out the two options. We wanted to put those out for the Commission’s considerations and then we’ll go from there after they’ve had a chance to look at that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Just looking at the targeted rate increase of about 5% a year, how much do the adders and some of the deferral accounting does that show up in that 5% rate increase or would that number look a little higher once everything gets layered in?
Richard H. Marsh: Those increases do not include the impact of the riders Dan. I mean it’s not possible to know if those will be triggered and if so how much the increase would be. So they are not included.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: And then writing off the RTC would be a taxable event I assume so there would be a tax benefit back to FirstEnergy in 2008 based on that?
Anthony J. Alexander: There would be no cash tax benefit. What would happen is that we would not receive the revenue and be taxed on the revenue.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: So it’s null and void.
Richard H. Marsh: The write-off Dan as you know is about $485 million so that would be an impact to earnings of about $1.01 in 2008.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: The billion dollars of commitment on the transmission and distribution spending, that looks pretty consistent with existing cap ex plans. Is that correct or is there something incremental that you guys are going to spend on the utilities part of the plan?
Richard H. Marsh: No, I think your presumption is correct. In 2008 I’m trying to think of the exact number. For our three Ohio distribution companies it’s about $265 million to that order. Yes, I think you’re right Dan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ashar Khan - SAC Capital.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: If I understand Rich by taking this write-off if this plan is assumed in 2008, we will have no longer any amortizations relating to CEI going forward. Hence, the drop off of like $225 million or so I forget the precise number that was to happen in 11, will all happen now in 09 along with the drop off of an amortization for the remaining two Ohio companies. Is my understanding correct?
Richard H. Marsh: Correct.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: So we can have nearly $1.00 in earnings just from the drop off in the amortizations from all the three companies which will now happen simultaneously on January 1, 2009?
Richard H. Marsh: You’re theory is correct without opining on your number, but yes you’re theory is correct for sure.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Second, you mentioned that the $68 includes I guess the embedded costs right now of generation plus some costs related to some of the green initiatives in the filing, is that correct?
Richard H. Marsh: You’re talking about the net customer generation charges?
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Yes, for 2008.
Richard H. Marsh: It’s got the RTC in it.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: It’s got the RTC in it. The way I was trying to understand is as we look at the earnings potential, should we be subtracting $75 minus $68 and taking the volume on the revenue line? Is that enhanced revenue coming to the company from an earnings perspective? I know there’s a deferral attached to it but is that the right way to do our modeling?
Richard H. Marsh: I would say it is the right way, yes.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Third, Rich I got confused. You mentioned that fuel costs are going to be higher again in 09 versus 08 and I know that in this plan you’ve asked for recovery of certain transportation costs related to the fuel if they exceed certain amounts. Could you tell us out of that increase you’re expecting from 09 to 08 and how much of that will be absorbed by the transportation rider that you would have in this filing?
Richard H. Marsh: What I said in my comments is that we would expect the increase in total fuel costs next year to be about the same as the increase we’re seeing in 2008 versus 2007 and I mentioned that was about $200 million increase. A lot of that increase in 2009 versus 2008 is being driven by changes in several of our eastern coal contracts and changes we’re seeing in some of the other fossil mine coal items and nuclear fuel expense. I think in Tony’s comments he had mentioned about some of the coal transportation surcharges over a certain amount that we would be eligible to recover in each of the years of the plan. That amount threshold is the highest in 2009 so we don’t know whether that would be triggered or not in 2009. It depends on basically what our fuel transportation costs do over that timeframe.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: The distribution rider, if I’m doing my math correctly, which is 0.002 is an additional $100 million in revenue. Is that correct?
Richard H. Marsh: Are you talking about the delivery service improvement rider?
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: That’s correct.
Richard H. Marsh: Yes, that’s how much it is. +/- 15% based on our achievement of delivery service reliability goals.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: But you said that the cap ex and the O&M and everything, the cap ex isn’t going to change because of this. So it just means how you come up under certain statistics which you will reach an agreement with the Commission and they will monitor it and you get - I’m trying to see how does it get in? Is it just automatic?
Richard H. Marsh: No, it’s not automatic. We’ll have various measures of our performance, our duration, frequency, and outage frequency and duration, and so the Commission will track our performance relative to those goals and adjust that amount up or down within that band.
Anthony J. Alexander: But the two mills is included in rate and then it is adjustable upward or downward depending on the performance of our system basically from a reliability standpoint.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: So we get this $100 million additional and then there will be a +/- attached to it based on how we perform. Is that correct?
Anthony J. Alexander: Yes.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: For 2010 is there another fuel jump in 2010 or are we pretty flat, because you said you had a lot of contracts and everything. Is that 09 to 10 movement more levelized on the fuel basis?
Richard H. Marsh: We haven’t talked about 2010 yet.
Ronald E. Seeholzer: The $68 that you were trying to do the comparison with, I just want to take just a second. It’s not an average annual rate that was indicated there. That’s the average rates that are likely to be in place at the end of the year 2008. They’re slightly higher for two reasons. Number one, we’ve adjusted the tariff rider during the year, and we have a higher effective fuel recovery rider in the second half of the year than we would have had in the first part of the year. It’s been adjusted during the year. It may have looked slightly higher than we talked about but it’s not an annual average number that we were addressing with the $68.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: So the average number would probably be lower?
Ronald E. Seeholzer: Correct, because that’s a comparison of end-of-year rates 2008 to a projected 2009 to make that percentage jump. Does that make sense?
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: That makes sense. Thank you, sir.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: I guess I noticed as part of your second quarter press release that you guys have repurchased about 259 megawatts of your nuclear leases. Are you able to indicate at what price you made those purchases?
Richard H. Marsh: No, but I think they were attractive but not in terms of specific price.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: At some point will that be disclosed through any type of a public filing or is that not going to be covered at some point in the future under a filing?
Richard H. Marsh: I don’t believe the specific pricing will be Paul. This initiative that we undertook to buy these leases back is consistent with our long-term view of just trying to get rid of some of these future risks, in this case being end of lease term fair market value risk, so we were able to take advantage of some opportunities to do that, get this in. It was done in a manner that was reasonable and we’re glad to get that behind us. It’s just another thing that takes a risk down the road off the table for us and just makes the path that much clearer as we move down the road.
Harvey L. Wagner: One of the disclosures that we have in our financial statement is a consolidating balance sheet for FirstEnergy Solutions that includes their two generating companies and I think you could review the changes in those balance sheets and develop some kind of estimate of that.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: The Ohio Edison purchases, those I assume were voluntary since it was only Toledo Edison where you had sort of the ability to trigger a mandatory purchase, is that correct?
Richard H. Marsh: That is correct.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: Should we make any assumptions on repurchases on the Mansfield lease or is it more likely we would assume that those simply remain in place?
Richard H. Marsh: More likely that those will remain in place.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kiani - Deutsche Bank North America.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank North America: All seven of my questions have been answered. Actually I have one follow up question. I know you’ve touched on the new coal supply agreement and you’ve discussed some of the transportation changes and some of the cost changes as well. Can you give a little bit of color around maybe 09 and 10 or just generally speaking perhaps in the future how we should think about of the roughly 24 million tons of coal that you burn on an annual basis, how much is subject to price re-openers, collars, escalators and what not? Generally speaking how should we think about that and I’m really more concerned with the roughly 60% or 14 million or 15 million tons that’s the eastern coal as opposed to the PRB?
Richard H. Marsh: Not a simple question to answer. We have contracts that have re-openers and other factors at different periods of time but I don’t know how I could simply quantify that for you John other than to say in total if you look at the coal, the nuclear and everything else 2009 versus 2008 as I said before about the same increases we saw this year versus last year.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank North America: In the future it’s normal to assume that there are obviously openers or escalators but it’s just tough to say exactly what volume that applies to at this point?
Richard H. Marsh: It is because we don’t know what all the conditions are that would impact that pricing in those future years. In general the way our portfolio works is that when prices are going up we’ll tend to lag that somewhat and when prices are going down we’ll tend to lag that as well. But it depends on a number of factors that we can’t readily predict at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul T. Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets/McDonald.
Paul T. Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets/McDonald: You may have touched on this but ancillary services, are those imbedded in the 75 G rate or is that going to be at the [DISCO]?
Richard H. Marsh: It would be part of the transmission charge that is not included in the G rate.
Paul T. Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets/McDonald: Back to the $68 number that was thrown out.
Richard H. Marsh: Now which $68 number is this, just so we’re talking about the right one?
Paul T. Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets/McDonald: The average rate at the end of 08.
Richard H. Marsh: Okay, got it.
Paul T. Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets/McDonald: That’s not the average rate but the end of year rate. What do you think the average is, $1.00 or $2.00 below that?
Richard H. Marsh: That’s probably a fair guess. I don’t know off the top of my head. That’s probably reasonable though Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson - Glen Rock.
Paul Patterson - Glen Rock: The $200 million of expense in 2009 of fuel costs, can you give us a flavor as to how much of that’s being driven by transportation costs?
Richard H. Marsh: Actually our transportation costs will likely be flat to slightly down in 09 versus 08, so that’s being driven primarily by some eastern coal contracts that we have. That’s our expectation.
Paul Patterson - Glen Rock: The Montana coal plant, you guys are purchasing it for $125 million and then there’s a $450 million cost associated with development. Is the $125 million part of the $450 million?
Richard H. Marsh: Yes.
Paul Patterson - Glen Rock: You mentioned that there’s going to be I think additional megawatts. Is there an additional cost associated with that or is that just 175 megawatts of extra capacity?
Richard H. Marsh: The way we expect it to work Paul is that coal will be about the same cost as Powder Riverbase but will produce about 170 megawatts to 180 megawatts more generation. So for the same cost you get more output. That’s the beauty of this transaction. And also environmental advantages as well. So you’re thinking about it the right way.
Paul Patterson - Glen Rock: And then that begins at the end of 09, is that correct?
Richard H. Marsh: We’ll get the first coal either late 09 or early 10, somewhere in that timeframe. Why don’t we do one more call and then if there are any follow ups we’ll be glad to take those questions offline.
Operator: Our final question comes from Neal Stein - Levin Capital.
Neal Stein - Levin Capital: Could you talk about the legal standard for getting this ESP approved by the PUCO and why you think that plan meets that legal standard?
Anthony J. Alexander: The legal standard if I understand it, again I’m not giving you a lawyer’s perspective on this, but my understanding is that the ESP test is whether or not it produces a result in the aggregate that is better than the anticipated result under the MRO. If I remember right, that is the statutory criteria and that’s what I would anticipate being a [fly] here.
Neal Stein - Levin Capital: With respect to the various prices you’ve included, what is your basis for including those prices with respect to meeting that test?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well you’ve got to compare the ESP prices against what the MRO prices would be. The statute has multiple provisions in it and I believe that we have fit each one of the requests that are made as part of the ESP within an appropriate statutory context.
Richard H. Marsh: Thanks again for joining us today everybody. We appreciate your interest in FirstEnergy and as I said if you have any further questions regarding anything we discussed today, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team. Thanks again. Have a good day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-01 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Kurt Turosky - Director of Investor Relations Tony Alexander - President and Chief Executive Officer Rich Marsh - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Harvey Wagner - Vice President and Controller Jim Pearson - Vice President and Treasurer Ron Seeholzer - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Citigroup Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch Hugh Wynne - Stanford Bernstein John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Paul Fremont - Jeffries and Company Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin David Frank - Catapult Capital Management
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Nelson and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the FirstEnergy Corp's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host Kurt Turosky, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Kurt Turosky – Director of Investor Relations:  Thank you, Nelson. During this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated report to the financial community, which was released earlier today and is also available on our website under the Earnings Release link. Reconciliation's to GAAP for the non-GAAP earnings measure, we will be referring to today, are also contained in that report as well as on the investor information section of our website at www.firstenergycorp.com\ir.
.:  I'll now turn the call over to Rich.
Rich Marsh – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Thanks Kurt and good afternoon everybody, thanks to being with us today. I will go ahead and start our call this afternoon with an overview of our first quarter financial results and some recent regulatory activities then I will turn call over to Tony to give some update on legislation in Ohio and Pennsylvania. As I go through our first quarter results, it might be helpful for you to refer to our consolidated report to the financial community that we issued earlier this morning. Earnings on a GAAP basis in the first quarter were $0.91 per share compared to $0.92 per share in the same period last year. Excluding special items, normalized non-GAAP earnings were $0.88 per share, and that’s unchanged from the first quarter of 2007. This year's normalized non-GAAP earnings exclude the effect of the $0.06 per share gain on the sale of non-core assets, and the $0.03 per share last related to the impairment of securities and our nuclear decommissioning trust. These results exceeded during this guidance with previously provided for the first quarter, provide its good start to the year. Kilowatt hour deliveries to our distribution system were 1% higher than in the same period last year. Heating degree days were 1% below the prior year, but 2% above normal. Residential and Commercial deliveries both increased 2%, while industrial deliveries declined about 1%. The key drivers of the quarter’s results included a $0.23 per share increase in generation revenues primarily resulting from higher wholesale and retail prices. A $0.02 per share increase in distribution delivery revenues due to the higher residential and commercial sales volumes, $0.01 per share reduction and generation average cost $0.01 per share reduction in pension expense, a $0.02 per share decrease in financing cost attributable to lower interest rates and reduce short term borrowings. And the $0.03 per share benefit related to the reduction in common shares outstanding following the accelerated repurchase of 14.4 million shares in March of last year. Partially offsetting these factors were $0.13 per share increase in fuel cost due to a 5% increase in generation output. A higher proportion of generation mix and increase coal and transportation past. A $0.06 per share increase in purchase power expense mainly due to higher market prices. A $0.03 per share increase in energy delivery expense due to storm related restoration activities. A $0.01 per share increase in depreciation expenses resulting from our growing asset base. A $0.02 per share increase in general taxes primarily due to higher payroll on property taxes, as well as higher Pennsylvania gross receipt tax, and a $0.06 decrease in investment income from our corporate-owned life insurance portfolio. This resulted from the unfavorable equity market conditions during the quarter is evidenced by decline of almost 10% in the S&P 500 index during the period. Switching to our financing activities. At the beginning of the year we have about $530 million of taxes of securities in the auction rate market. And following turmoil in that sector we decided to require and then reissue the securities. We converted all of our auction rate banks to weekly rate mode, we purchase these securities on their conversion dates. This activity was funded through short term borrowings. We plan to issue the securities in either afixed rate or variable rate mode over the balance of the year depending on market conditions. On April 22nd we started this process by successfully remarketing $73.5 million of Met-Ed and Penelec PCLBs and a variable rate mode supported by bank level of credit. And in light of the disruptions in the credit market during the first quarter I just wanted to assure you that our liquidity position remains strong as we've finished the period worth $1.7 billion of available underarm capacity. Within I will touch briefly on some ongoing regulatory matters on Ohio and Pennsylvania, and I will serve with our planning distribution right cases on Ohio where we filed request as June to increase rates for our three Ohio operating companies by $332 million annually. Eventually in public hearings as well as the legal briefing process have been completed in these cases, we expect the public utilities commission of Ohio that issued an order in the second or third quarter of this year. During the hearings the PUCO staff submitted testimony recommending a rate increase of 114 million to 132 million. The biggest difference between these amount and the company request relate to matters that the staff suggest would be addressed in separate future rate proceedings and those items total about a $115 million,$115 million in annual rates. Turning to Pennsylvania our Penn Power utility receives approval from PPUC for its power procurement plant for default service generation supply. This plan encompasses the period June 1st of this year to May 31st of 2011, and is the second default service period for Penn Power and is transitioning to competitive generation market at the beginning of 2007. The commission approved the use of multiple request for proposal to procure a load following for requirement contracts for residential and small commercial customer the default service generation supply. A large commercial and industrial customer default service generation supply will use g our pricing. During the first quarter the year two RFPs were conducted in the proof for the first 12 months supply for the small commercial loan. The average price of the wing bids $80 49 per megawatt hour prior to lying losses administrative fees gross receipt taxes. This represent slight increase to the existing pricing. The first of two RFPs for residential default service supply fee was completed in Apri, and the second RFP for residential customer is schedule for May 14 after which Penn Power expects commission to approve the new rates that would go into effect on June 1st. Both RFPs consist of trenches for the 12 and 24 months supply periods and subsequent RFPs will be conducted during the remainder of the three year default service period. Also in Pennsylvania we filed annual updates to Met-Ed and Penelec transmission service riders covering the period June 1st 2008 to May 31st 2009. The proposed riders include collection of under recover transmission cost incurred from January 2007 to March of 2008 and also reflect projected transmission cost for the period June 2008 to May 2009. To mitigate these impacts to customers net at propose transition that would recover past cost plus carrying charges as also portion of the projected cost plus carrying charges due to new transmission rider. The remaining portion of the projected cost carrying charges would be deferred for recovery by the end of 2010 through future transmission riders. And I will now turn the call over to Tony for an update on our legislative matters. Tony?
Tony Alexander - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Rich and good afternoon everyone. I will start with an overview of Ohio's new energy legislation amended Substitute Senate Bill 221. I truly believe that through this legislation which is expected to be signed by Governor Strickland later today. Ohio was taking a responsible approach to addressing the states energy needs. This legislation which is the product of much hard work and solid leadership offers a real hybrid approach to restructuring that enhances the PUCO supporting to implement late stabilization plans now called electric security plans and provides a define path to the competitive generation market. Under the legislation, each Ohio electric distributing utility must offer retail generation service under either and electric security plan or market rate offer. Each utility must file an electric security plan with the commission which may approve it if it finds that it is more favorable for customers than the market rate offer. If agreement cannot be reached on a electric security plan then the utility can implement a market rate option using a competitive bid process. Now under the market rate option, full utilities that continue to own generation assets market prices will be blended with regulated prices adjusted for certain changes that are defined in the legislation over a period of years. First energies utilities would not be subject to this blended rate progression to market rates since they don’t own generation assets. The legislation also establishes in excess earnings test applicable to the earnings of the electric distribution utility, which for first FirstEnergy would not include generation margin. The bill expressly prohibits the PUCO from directly or indirectly reviewing the earnings of the parent or affiliated companies. Ohio has successfully used rate stabilization plans to avoid rate spikes as the state is moved toward a competitive generation market over the last several years. This legislation gives the PUCO more tools and clear authority to establish electric security plans as well as to oversee a competitive bid process that would allow customers to tack advantage of electricity available from competitive generation suppliers. The legislation also requires that at least 25% of generation come from renewable or advanced energy resources by 2025. Annual benchmarks for renewable are established in order to encourage utilities to move towards that goal. However, if the cost to complain is more than 3% higher then the cost of otherwise producing or obtaining electricity the benchmarks can be relaxed. The legislation further requires significant improvements in energy efficiency through 2025. We hope to make our required filings during the second quarter of this year so that we will have rates and plans in affect by January 1st of 2009. We are pleased that the legislation provides a clear paths of competitive generation markets, our generation portfolio is well positioned and our investments in enhanced performance will allow us to compete successfully.  Now to let me move on Pennsylvania in that state the dialog continues on potential new energy legislation, the key components likely to be address include energy efficiency and demand side management funding for clean energy initiatives and rate mitigation measures to smooth the transition of customers to competitive generation markets. Although there are currently several individual house in Senate bill addressing these components, we expect that the bills were ultimately move forward together as a comprehensive energy package. And when I expect that Pennsylvania will enact new legislation in this session its difficult to predict the timing. In the mean time, we remain actively engaged in this process to ensure that the transaction is managed in the best interest of our investors and customers. Let me conclude by saying that the enactment of the Ohio restructuring legislation is a major milestone for the states energy markets as well as for First Energy that provides a platform for customers price stability and a define transition to competitive generation markets. First Energy remains focus on our operational performance and we had good start to the year by establishing a first quarter record generation output of 20.4 million megawatt hours. This was about 2% increase overall previous record performance in 2006. This favorable performance allowed us, allows us I should say, to a firm or non-GAAP earning guidance for the year of $4.15, $4.35 per share. As always, we appreciate your time and interest in FirstEnergy and now asked the operator to open the call to questions from analysts.
Operator: Thank you. (Operators Instruction). Our first question is coming from Greg Gordon of Citigroup.
Greg Gordon: Couple of quick questions. First, the reports that the Governor may in fact sign the legislation today. Do you guys know what that is in fact the case or not?
Tony Alexander: Greg, this Tony, I refer the same thing we heard its later this afternoon, we presumably presuming can stay on that schedule, if not, I would assume, it would be happened over the next several days.
Greg Gordon: Second, can you talk about one of the big themes in earnings over the past couple of days has been just the reality of higher call cost just how much Central App or Northern Appalachian coal has moved since the beginning of the every year. Can you just remind us what’s your co hedge position, is, talk about to the extent that what’s you are seeing in the market, how you’re managing the coal position and how that would in fact Dr. Hamshu the filing of heavy SP?
Rich Marsh: Let me take a shot at that. Greg and then in terms of our coal position, I am talking coal its exclusive of transportation right now. For 2008, essentially our positions both for volume and price are closed, it does not mean the prices wont be higher in 2008 than prior period because we do have contractually openers and other jobs , as far as uncertainty that has been bounded for 2008. For 2009 we have only a slight open position less than 5%. For 2010 we have just a slight exposure less than 5% again in terms of changes under the ceiling price provisions in our contract. So for coal over that three year period I think we are well positioned. We’ve certainly taken an aggressive stand towards longer term contracting then some other folks, I think that’s paying dividends for us, now book in terms of surety or supply and in terms of maintaining -- minimizing cost increases. On the transportations site our positions are largely closed albeit at higher prices then what we have seen in the past obviously. Many of the providers are passing along pure search charges which give the factor and the equation as well. But overall I think our position is advantages relative to many other companies. So we are pretty happy with that. Obviously, you know prices are up meaningfully across the different markets. We have a lot of flexibility with our plans to broaden different blends of fuel at different units, at different tanks which gives us the ability to do something within the portfolio to minimize the overall cost. We typically bunker multiple types of fuel at each of our major units, so that we have some flexibility around that as well. So, no company is unaffected or not impacted, but I think we’ve spend a lot of time thinking about how we can minimize this impact.
Greg Gordon: And in an ESP, by reading up the legislation is that such types costs including fuel cost would be recoverable? Is that an accurate representation of the way that's went?
Rich Marsh: I think, Greg, yeah, I mean if you look at the legislation, a legislation gives the commission, the tools and the parties the ability to deal fundamentally with many types of differing costs and to forth on an different ways. So there is no triple way as you can deal with fuel and other costs changes and the legislation allows the commission and the parties to work through those issues in a way that strikes the reasonable balance.
Greg Gordon: Tony, how quickly do you think you can be in front of that mission with a plan once the governor puts a kind of paper here relatively we today?
Tony Alexander: Yeah. In the presentation which result of the former second quarter.
Greg Gordon: Thank you.
Tony Alexander: Yeah, in the presentation we said we hope to file in the second quarter, I mean, we are trying, this is quickly as we can, but the there is a lot of that’s need to be done in order to prepare an appropriate filing.
Greg Gordon: Thank you.
Tony Alexander: Thanks Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Now our next question is coming from Jonathan Arnold from Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Arnold: Hi guys and good afternoon.
Tony Alexander: Hi Jonathan
Jonathan Arnold: Couple of things, one just following up on the Greg's slide on call if you be seeing any with your suppliers locked in at prices. So that presumably looking below market and performance issues any concern s about how you’re managing that risk?
Tony Alexander: Nothing of great significance at this point Jonathan, I mean, one of things we have done is try to make sure that we have multiple modes of transportation, multiple mines that we can source the fuel form and to get one plant, once again really this is idea maintaining as much flexibility. So inventory level are rising towards normal kind of level as we go into December month. So there has been no significant disruption, nothing that has because any operational hiccups here this year.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And then I just another one on at Slovenia, sorry. Tony, I think you that said you felt comfort in its. If – the relatively – something could happen this session. Can you just clarify what that means because, “if I remember right it is two paying the special session for MET that call recalls is we kind of win that end. So whether it concurrent with the existing session. So just how about your?
Tony Alexander: I got to reiterate. I look in terms of time frame and I am more up tick this should be done by the under we are.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay.
Tony Alexander: And we start seeing the opportunity, whether its part of the special session and the regular session, I cant tell you that.
Unidentified Company Representative: At the end of the year without..
Jonathan Arnold: Yeah, basically Yeah.
Tony Alexander: Great, thanks a lot.
Unidentified Company Representative: Great. Thanks a lot.
Rich Marsh: Thanks Jonathan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Hugh Wynne with Stanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne: Hi I had a question regarding the cost of supply to the Ohio utilities seen in 2009, the cost of supply basic generation service in 2009 and how about with the reflected in your electricity security plan. Is it correct to think about that cost to supply as the result of the procurement process in the wholesale market and therefore the cost of supply in essence being the cost or full requirements electricity purchase from wholesale sources and shaped for retail sale.
Tony Alexander: Thus where I would look at human from the standpoint of the electric distribution utility, the bottom ESP, we’re going to be offering a generation price that’s essentially below files and is shaped against the loads of the service territory. And our market rate auction that would be done roughly the same way.
Hugh Wynne: Exactly. So it -- would it be useful to look at the April 14th request for proposals for residential loaded hour s a basis for estimating that cost of supply. And if so, I wonder if you could show that figure with us?
Rich Marsh: Well I can’t. share, because I don’t know that, because that sort of completed transaction yet. So, my answer is you know, that’s a different timeframe. So your mail – to certain extent may not, just -- you have to make your own adjustments on that yourselves.
Hugh Wayne: Alright. Thank you very much.
Rich Marsh: Thanks Hugh.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from John Kiani, of Deutsche Bank.
John Kiani: Good morning Rich.
Rich Marsh: Hey John.
Analyst: Going back to the ESP in Ohio and how that’s going to play out. I mean, you touched on this a little bit Tony in some of your comments, but, can we assume that your ESP will include at least some level of deferrals and if that’s true what you think the likelihood is of using some type of securitization vehicle or structure to bring forward the cash?
Tony Alexander: Well, I am not going to presume anything in terms of what our plan might look like. The legislation gives the commission as well as the companies, the clear opportunity to propose a – in order to manage the price impacts of any plan whether it’s a market plan or whether it’s an ESP plan. If it’s an ESP, my understanding is that you can use securitization as a way to hopefully produce a lower cost to customers overtime as a result of the agent. So we look at all of those options as we put our plan together and utilize the tools, the general assembly and the Governor signs the legislature today then the law provides us in terms of putting together plan that works both for our customers, our share holders and our company overall.
John Kiani: Okay. Thanks that’s helpful.
Tony Alexander: Thank you, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Good afternoon Tony.
Tony Alexander: Hi Paul.
Paul Patterson: Hi. In terms of Governor, just a few things in the quarter. What cause the pension fund to decrease the discount rate?
Tony Alexander: Two things Paul, it’s a change in discount rate from the prior year and asset value at the year-end. You said that item basically based on market conditions of January 1st, so that’s what driving largely those two items.
Paul Patterson: So I mean the discount rate was lower based on what factor?
Tony Alexander: The discount rate was higher in 2008 then it was in 2007 which results in lower pension expense.
Paul Patterson: Sure, I guess, but why was it lowered?
Tony Alexander: Why did the discount rate change?
Paul Patterson: Yeah.
Tony Alexander: That’s based on rates that exist in the market at January 1st, its really an external task you look at yields and bond portfolios in the market at that point, and it’s really a market task when you said that.
Paul Patterson: Got you. And then with the S&P 500 impact on the investment income from the quarterly, is that just sort of – in another word, does market goes up again that will reverse, is that what we should think about?
Tony Alexander: The market goes up, yes, and it improve in April so yes, it goes up and down with the market. Now we scale back our equity exposure there to that in the first quarter since the markets were – assuming that a little crazy so that will help mitigate the impact from four equity markets going forward.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then the equity commissioning trust you mentioned that I have dismissed in, sorry.
Tony Alexander:  Is it impairment if securities in their Paul.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And what is the impact of that?
Tony Alexander: About $0.3.
Paul Patterson: Okay. I am sorry. And then finally would be the excess earnings test. And, I guess one of distribution case because it seems like that should be resolving for the end of the year, but I am just wondering going forward. Does this provide an opportunity perhaps for getting a higher ROE at the distribution business? It would seem that perhaps the test perhaps a little bit more favorable.
Tony Alexander:  I wouldn't look at that way.
Rich Marsh: I think it’s a test to establish whether or not what you earn is in excess of comparability. I don't believe it will affect how that the commission determines what an overall rate of return would be inside a rate proceeding.
Paul Patterson: But if you look, say if you were able to cut cost and you are able to increase your earning substantially that would probably prohibit them from calling you in. Does that make sense?
Unidentified Company Representative: Less that what, excessive or….
Paul Patterson: Right exactly.
Rich Marsh: It is a different test, but I don't know that I wouldn't.
Tony Alexander: I would apply this as a test not as an opportunity.
Paul Patterson: Okay, fair enough. Okay and just in terms of the transition in Pennsylvania. I guess you guys expect that there will be a transition legislation to ease the transition. Without the transition right now, without any legislation you’re just simply going to market in terms of doing it right now. Could you give us a flavor for what the rate increase would be with it for residential customers in the metallic area?
Rich Marsh:  8011.
Paul Patterson: Yeah right.
Tony Alexander: No. We can't I mean that s a long, its a way far depend on what market prices were at that point in time and how the procurement process was structured and so for so. It's really hypothetical for us even to attempt to do that.
Paul Patterson: Okay thanks a lot.
Tony Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Paul Ridzon: Can you give your view of premium over ATC that you think will be appropriate for a full requirements product? Tony Alexander  I think that’s anybody's guess Paul, I would prefer not to take a stab at that.
Paul Ridzon: And looking you kind of gave your view in the beginning of the year of how you saw the year shaking up from a quarterly shape. And you certainly did pretty well relative to that despite the $0.06 colliery hit. Do we are thinking about that colliery you hit when you gave that or where might you have outperformed?
Rich Marsh: Well you know I think we had overall a good quarter. You look at our generation margin is favorable to us. Overall things when as expected as you mentioned we had the $0.06 hit from the colliery. We had about $0.03 on the ED side of incremental expense much of which resulted from two storms that blew through our service territory in the first quarter. So both of those are sort of external events that we can't control. But factoring that out I think was good quarter for us. We are not changing the guidance we have given on a quarterly basis nor at this point are we changing our annual guidance you heard Tony say that we are referring that. So I think overall it was a good quarter for us. Tony said we are very focused on operations making sure that we continue to run the plants well and deliver the reliability that our customer expect, and if we do that we will do well during the remainder of the year.
Paul Ridzon: And can we look at the, I guess the S&P moved 10% and that was a 6% move on colliery. You kind of use that as a rule thumb going forward. You are kind of play with that numbers on your quarterly estimates?
Rich Marsh: What you are seeing there Paul I mean, the portfolio is about $250 million. And at the beginning of the year was roughly half in equities, half in traditional insurance products. In the first quarter of '07 remember we are comparing quarter over year-over-year of first quarter ago. We had a gain in the first quarter of '07. We have a loss in the first quarter of '08. So that’s where you get to that dollars of about $16 million year-over-year. As I said we scaled back the equity exposure considerably for the time being till we've decided what we want do with that. So that will mitigate that impact going forward. So is a little hard to putting in those pieces together. Pretty hard to hard to project what the impact would be going forward. But those were the driver's first quarter '08 versus first quarter of '07.
Paul Ridzon: In the $60 million swing how much was the benefit last year and how much was paying this year?
Rich Marsh: I think it was roughly a gain of 4 million in the first quarter of '07 versus a loss of like 12 million this year.
Paul Ridzon: Okay thank you. 
Rich Marsh:  Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Paul Fremont of Jeffries and Company. 
Paul Fremont: Thank you very much. Really two things, one, can you comment at all about the reliant either or not getting into the PJM auction and what impact that might have on prices in the Midwest ISO. And also with two bills now I guess already been passed one by the Senate one by the house in Pennsylvania, does that can result fairly, quickly at this point or is there still a lot of potential disagreement on how to fund those programs?
Rich Marsh:  First part of your question Paul on reliant, I can’t speak, but I am not sure what their motivational intend is there. So that's not something that I have been tracking closely, so we can’t really comment on that. Tony maybe you want to at the PA issue.
Tony Alexander: I think there is enough issue between them Paul that give resolved as they get resolved. I mean, legislation has flows and times and it will hopefully they will come to whatever compromises that are necessary to move good legislation for the state of Pennsylvania.
Paul Fremont: And are you optimistic if that gets resolved fairly, quickly, because I have heard initially people are talking about there may not be a major motivating factor to get anything done this year?
Rich Marsh: Paul, I said earlier and I am hopeful that its’ done hopefully by the end of the year, if its not, that’s just question about Ohio, but it’s not double than two weeks what happened well. We will take a look at work and I am going from that part. And I think you have to look at Pennsylvania and other legislation like that, and its complex, it involves major industry and it needs to be thoughtfully evaluated and resolved.
Paul Fremont: Thank you.
Rich Marsh: It will tack more time to do that.
Tony Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Dan Jenkins of State of Wisconsin.
Dan Jenkins: Good afternoon 
Tony Alexander: Hi Dan.
Dan Jenkins: I was wondering you know, the industrial sales look pretty weak and you know, you gave a lot of comments about the economy weakening and the auto industry and so far, I was wondering if you could give us some color on that and then how that current quarters industrial sales related to what you’re projecting for the rest of the year?
Rich Marsh: I think the status that (Inaudible) obviously, Ohio is not immune to the conditions that exist out there. If you look at our first quarter our industrial sales year-over-year was down about a 1% from first quarter of 2007 much of that was really concentrated in one sector that which was autos, which is a small number of our customers in terms of however our distribution. Actually some of the industrial sectors did pretty well during the quarter, steel was up in terms of sales about 4%, refineries were up 1% all other were up bout 0.5%. So it’s very, very concentrated in the auto sector and obviously that’s going to be what it is with the economy, but overall the base was not bad, we’re not forecasting much growth from this sector during the year, but hopefully because of the diversity and the base hopefully needed where we see a significant negative impact. And obviously from an economic prospective these are some of our lower meager merging customers they have very attractive rates. So from the economic impact it doesn’t necessarily carry to the bottom line.
Dan Jenkins: And on the Ohio distribution rate case, you know, you mentioned there is 130 million items that are being taking, that are being partially taken to separate cases, if you could give me so what those are and then I missed the amount you said that the rate plus staff proposal was and how much that’s related to ROE recommendations?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes some of these were things that took place after the quality test date, this test period date defaults other items, thinks like that dam that would more appropriately could be considered in the future case.
Harvey Wagner: Dan this is Harvey Wagner. You might recall that the Ohio Supreme Court reminded back to the PUCO, the recovery of fuel cost that we have differed 2006 through distribution rates. So that was something that was in our regionally filed case that now is being moved out, and will dealt with separately, and as Rich said the rest of that has to do with the timing of the deferred distribution cost and whether or not they would be included through the end of the test year or beyond through the end of 2008. And now it does not really impact our bottom line its timing of cash recovery.
Rich Marsh: And those numbers I mentioned Dan, I mean we have filed request for increases totaling $332 million annually. The staff came back with the recommendation of 114 to $132 million annually. I feel about $115 million in items that could be considered in future sipper rate increases.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. And just you know, you mentioned the auction rate market kind of cautious volatility is that behind the increase in the short term debt and what are your plans I guess to finance that short term debt in the next couple of quarters and also what are your plans related to this share buyback?
Rich Marsh: We haven’t announced any plans regarding share buyback and now the auction rate market and our efforts around that Dan really didn’t have any significant impact on a short term borrowing position.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. You know, the short terms debts up quite a bit from the end of the year, I was wondering maybe you plan to term some of that out and very sooner?
Rich Marsh: I think unfortunately that was the purchase of the three month asset which was – was that in April, when we close that? March, we had that in March. So that was 234 million there about (Inaudible). So that was the big driver in terms of short term cash.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. Thank you.
Rich Marsh: Thanks Dan what don’t we do one more call
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from David Frank of Catapult Capital Management.
Tony Alexander:  Hi David.
David Frank: Hi good afternoon.
Tony Alexander: How are you?
David Frank:  Great. Just see there is on the tape now an official press release from the Governor's office saying that he is signing this bill at 2 o'clock in the atrium of the safe house. So I assume that’s authentic. The question for you guys do you have an update on the generation output for this year I mean, you continue to improve on your megawatt hours, do you have a aspiration of what you like you think you can achieve?
Rich Marsh: Yeah, our goal of 84.5 million megawatt hours which is a significant increase for us. So it reflects just better operations of the plan sort averages.
David Frank: Okay. And do have an update on the MISO capacity market may be what kind of prices you are seeing in the bilateral market and do you have an update on the resource adequacy filing proposal by MISO?
Rich Marsh: As far as the MISO market I mean, I know there is continued progress towards putting them market place into effect David, I am not really an expert on that and I don’t know if anybody – if there is anything significant, I mean, I know there is activity moving at towards that end point, but I don’t have any specific new news to give you on that, you have probably seen and heard everything we’ve heard about it from that prospective.
David Frank: Right. And are you seeing anything in the bilateral market as far as prices and update you can give us?
Rich Marsh: I think in general I mean in PJM and then MISO and that was fit in there it tend to go up and down more and less and parallel in prices for capacity you seem to continue to being up, but it’s not a transparent market in MISO as you know it’s a bilateral market we spent lot of secures from some of those price changes. But in general we believe capacity prices should continue to increase at least over the short term.
David Frank: Okay last question for Tony, why does anything need to get done in Pennsylvania I mean, what really needs to get resolved, I thought you have a longer books, I thought utilities go to market at the end of their transition and you’ve already got one in Pennsylvania selling that market right now. So there seems to be all this emphasis like something needs to get done in Pennsylvania, but I am confused, I am scratching my head why, why is it that important?
Tony Alexander: There is legislation pending, and the members want to deal with some of these issues in a more comprehensive or holistic way, So that creates a sense of urgency and the requirement to actively participate in the process, they’re just like where the law in the state of Ohio that basically said 2009 or 2005 what the competitive market place.
David Jenkins: True. And I guess all the Ohio or all Pennsylvania companies actually separated there generations, so.
Rich Marsh: GBU had certainly sold their generation yes.
David Jenkins: Yeah. Okay thanks Tony.
Tony Alexander: Okay. Thanks Dave. And we appreciate everybody's time and interest in FirstEnergy today. Thank you for participating in our call. If there is any follow up questions please feel free to give our IR group a buzz. And look forward to seeing many of you soon. Hope you have a good day. Thank you very much.
Rich Marsh: Thanks everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's FirstEnergy Corps first quarter earnings conference call. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-25 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Kurt Turosky - IR Tony Alexander - President and CEO Rich Marsh - SVP and CFO Harvey Wagner - VP and Controller Jim Pearson - VP and Treasurer Ron Seeholzer - VP of IR
Analysts: Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Hugh Wynne - S. C. Bernstein Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose & Co. Hugh Wynne - S. C. Bernstein
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the FirstEnergy Corp's fourth quarter 2007 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Director of Investor Relations, Kurt Turosky. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Kurt Turosky: Thank you. During this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated report to the financial community, which was released earlier today and is also available on our website under the Earnings Release link. Reconciliations to GAAP for the non-GAAP earnings measure, we will be referring to today, are also contained in that report as well as on the investor information section of our website at www.firstenergycorp.com\ir. Participating in today's call are Tony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Rich Marsh, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Harvey Wagner, Vice President and Controller; Jim Pearson, Vice President and Treasurer; and Ron Seeholzer, Vice President of Investor Relations. I'll now turn the call over to, Tony.
Tony Alexander: Thanks, Kurt, and good afternoon, everyone. We had a solid year in 2007 and achieved the highest earnings in FirstEnergy's 10 year history. We reported non-GAAP, normalized earnings, of $4.23 per share, which was near the top end of our earnings guidance, and a 9% increase over our 2006 non-GAAP earnings. We generated approximately $1.7 billion in net cash from operating activities, which included a $300 million pension contribution. And our stock price appreciation plus reinvested dividends produced a total return for shareholders of more than 23%. In December, we announced a 10% increase in the common dividend, our fifth in the last three years for a total increase of 47%, since the beginning of 2005. We further enhanced shareholder value through the repurchase of approximately 14.4 million shares of common stock, combined with the 10.6 million share repurchase in August of 2006, these programs have reduced shares outstanding by nearly 8%. Our strong financial results were driven by solid operational performance, as we continue to improve the efficiency and reliability of our power plants and further enhance the quality of service to our distribution and transmission customers. Our employees achieved the best safety result in our history and one of the best in the industry with an OSHA rate of 0.86 incidents per 100 employees, which represents less than one loss time incident per 200,000 hours worked. Our generation fleet nearly matched its record 2006 production with an output of 81 million megawatt hours. Our nuclear fleet set a new annual generation output record of 30.3 million megawatt hours, with especially strong performance at Beaver Valley Unit Two and Davis Besse, contributing to this achievement. We also continued our efforts to increase the output of our generation fleet through incremental, low cost and low risk investments. In 2007, we added more than 200 megawatts through unit upgrades and long term contracts for new wind generation. We also reduced seasonal due rates by 149 megawatts at our peaking units. And last month we acquired the partially completed Fremont generating plant in Northwest, Ohio. This unit includes two combined cycle combustion turbines and a steam turbine and is capable of 544 megawatts of load-following capacity and 163 megawatts peaking capacity. It also has connections with both MISO and PJM. This asset is a valuable addition to our fleet and will further diversify our generation mix and reduce our average carbon dioxide emission rate. In our energy delivery business, we continued to improve customer reliability in 2007, with a 14% decrease in outage duration, bringing our two year improvement to nearly 32%. We also achieved a 7% reduction in the frequency of outages. These accomplishments were facilitated by the significant capital investment we continue to make in our wires business. In 2008 we will remain focused on the fundamentals and continue to grow the value of our business through the pursuit of operation excellence, continued financial discipline and a commitment to continue its improvement. Before I turn the call over to Rich, let me briefly update you on the legislative initiatives going on now in Ohio and Pennsylvania. In Ohio, as you know, Substitute Senate Bill 221 passed the senate in late October of last year, since that time the House Public Utilities Committee has conducted hearings on the bill and is taking a very deliberate and thorough approach to this complex issue, and just last week a new bill was introduced into the house that contains a two part proposal, focusing on renewable energy and investments in advanced energy sectors. This proposal would require Ohio utilities to make annual progress toward both renewable energy and energy efficiency benchmarks, with penalties for non compliance. The new bill does not address the other provisions of electric restructuring. FirstEnergy continues to be actively involved, regarding the transition to competitive generation markets in 2009 that's we have stated in our filed testimony. We believe that Ohio customers should have the opportunity to participate in the competitive electricity market, provided for, under Ohio’s current law. In Pennsylvania, there are various initiatives underway in both the regular and special legislative sessions. These deal with funding for clean energy initiatives, energy efficiency and demand side management, rig phase-in proposals and even the possibility of extending generation rig gaps. We also remained actively engaged in Pennsylvania and have provided testimony regarding the proposed phase-in language and they're achieving a transition for customers to competitive generation markets and on the need for full cost recovery for advanced metering. Regarding the proposed rig cap legislation, let me remind you that our Met-Ed and Penelec distribution utilities do not own generation assets. Under the 1998 restructuring agreement, both Met-Ed and Penelec were required to auction their generation plant assets and to credit customers with all net divestiture proceeds. Thus they are not in a position to continue to provide generation service under capped rates and any power requirements for their customers must come from the market purchases past 2010. Now, I'll turn the call over to Rich to discuss our fourth quarter results. Rich?
Rich Marsh: Thank you, Tony. As I review our fourth quarter results, it might be helpful to refer to our consolidated report to the financial community that we issued earlier this morning. Earnings on a GAAP basis in the fourth quarter were $0.88 per share compared to GAAP earnings of $0.85 per share in the same period last year. Excluding special items, normalized non-GAAP earnings were $0.90 per share compared to $0.84 per share in the fourth quarter of last year. And this year's normalized non-GAAP earnings exclude the loss of $0.02 per share related to the impairment of securities held in our nuclear decommissioning process. Kilowatt hour deliveries to our distribution system were 3% higher than in the prior year, due primarily to colder weather and a mildest growth in load. Heating degree days were 6% above the same period at last year, but 8% below normal. Commercial and residential deliveries increased 5% and 4% respectively, while industrial deliveries increased 0.3%. The key drivers for this quarter's favorable results include a $0.26 per share increase in generation revenues resulting from higher wholesale and retail prices, as well as higher sales volumes. A $0.05 per share increase in distribution delivery revenues, mainly due to the higher residential and commercial sales volumes, I mentioned, but $0.06 per share reduction in post-retirement benefit costs due to retiree health care design changes and lower pension expense, following the $300 million contribution we made to the plan in January of 2007. A $0.05 per share decrease in financing costs is attributable to reduce short-term borrowings, interest capitalized on higher construction spending, and lower refinancing costs, and a $0.4 per share benefit related to the reduction in common shares from accelerated share repurchase of 14.4 million shares in March of 2007. Factors partially offsetting these positive contributions included an $0.18 per share increase in purchase power expense due primarily to higher market prices, a $0.02 per share reduction due to higher field cost, a $0.05 per share reduction due to the distribution rate decrease and our Met-Ed and Penelec subsidiaries effective in January of 2007. A $0.05 per share increase in energy delivery expenses resulting from higher storm-related maintenance and increased reliability spend. A $0.06 decrease in investment income from our corporate-owned life insurance due to the fourth quarter's investment performance compared to the same period last year, and a $0.02 per share increase in depreciation expenses resulting from our growing asset-base. Today, we reaffirm our 2008 non-GAAP earnings guidance of $4.15 to $4.35 per share. GAAP earnings are expected to be about $0.08 per share, $0.08 per share higher than that or $4.23 to $4.43 due to special items including an anticipated gain on the plan sale of non-core assets. On page 2 of the consolidated reported, we provide our estimate of the quarterly pattern for our 2008 earnings guidance. At our annual analyst meeting on December 6th, we projected the 2008 capital budget of $1.7 billion. Since that time, our capital budget has been revised $2 billion, primarily due reflect the purchase of the Fremont generating asset that Tony mentioned for $254 million. This revised budget doesn't include capital for construction of the Fremont unit, as we've not yet completed our engineering studies regarding that. Our capital spend is expected to peak in 2008, as expenditures for our air quality control construction programs reach $650 million. Capital for this project will decrease to about $500 million in 2009 and about $156 million in 2010 with the project [later] for completion in 2011. And as the heavy outlays for our AQCS program went down, we anticipate a substantial increase in our free cash flow that will further increase our ability to improve our flexibility in credit metrics. This will also give us the ability to consider opportunities to further grow our dividend, repurchase shares and invest for future growth. Our forecast to 2008 net cash from operating activities has also been updated to reflect the cash recovery of incremental 2008 fuel costs for our Ohio companies. At the December 6th Analyst Meeting, we indicated this measure would be $2.2 billion for 2008, and following this change our projection of net cash from operating activities is $2.3 billion during the year. I'd like to briefly update you on a few regulatory developments in Ohio and Pennsylvania. Let's start with Ohio and our pending distribution rate cases. In our filing for our three Ohio operating companies made in August, we requested a total distribution rate increase of $332 million. In December, PUCO Staff issued their report, recommending an increase of between $161 million to $180 million. It's important to note that Staff recommended that various matters in our case, aggregating to about $115 million, to be considered in separate proceedings. During the hearings Staff submitted testimony decreasing their recommended revenue increase to $114 million to $132 million, and this primarily relates to corrections in the calculation of property tax and depreciation made by the Staff. Evidentiary hearings in the cases began on January 29th, and they are actually concluding today. The legal briefing process will occur following the completion of hearings, and we expect the PUCO to render its decision during the second or third quarter of the year. On January 9th, the PUCO approved the implementation of a new generation-related tariff rider, to allow our Ohio companies to begin concurrent recovery of incremental fuel costs incurred during 2008. This is expected to increase our revenue by about $167 million of old impact earnings, since we won't be deferring these costs in 2008. For the recovery of incremental fuel costs and carrying charges deferred during 2006 and 2007, which totaled about $220 million. The Ohio companies filed an application earlier this month to propose and to recover those balances via separate generation related tariff rider over periods ranging from 5 years to 25 years, and that application is pending before the PUCO. In Pennsylvania, our Penn Power utility is in the process of finalizing the procurement plan for the Default Service Supply period that will begin in June of this year and run through May of 2011. Penn Power transitioned its customers to competitive generation service on January 1 of 2007, using a request for proposal process that covered an 18 month period of time. In late December, the Public Utility Commission accepted all provisions of a joint petition for settlement agreement regarding the second period, expect for the specific default service procurement approach for residential customers. In the order, the Commission encouraged Penn Power to consider adopting a portfolio approach for residential default service that incorporates the use of a variety of energy products in lieu of the previously planned load following, full requirement contract, approach. On February 5, Penn Power filed a proposed portfolio supply plan for the residential default service load that consist of a one time RFP for a three year fixed price contract based component, quarterly forward purchases of on and off peak strips and day ahead spot purchases. An evidentiary hearing is scheduled for tomorrow and this matter is expected to be presented to the Commission for its consideration by March 13. Per this settlement agreement, the default service procurement for small commercial customers is proceeding forward using multiple requests for proposals, while the default service procurement for large commercial and industrial customers will utilize hourly pricing. Bids in the first RFP for small commercial customers were received on February 20th and approved by the commission on February 22nd. And the second RFP will be held for small commercial customers in March. Well in closing, let me say that we are gratified that our strong operational and financial performance continued in 2007 and we look forward to an even better year in 2008. FirstEnergy is well positioned for success and we remain focused on continuing to grow value for our investors through consistent financial performances. We appreciate your time today and continued interest in FirstEnergy and I'd now like to ask the operator to open the call to questions from analyst.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is coming from Paul Fremont.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company: Hi thank you. A quick technical question in terms of these formulated maintenance that you talked about in the energy delivery sector, are you able to breakout just the increase in O&M that's attributable to storms.? And second of all, in Ohio is there anything left procedurally before the House of Representatives would draft a new bill or are we completely through hearing and all of the gates that are necessary for them to draft the legislation?
Rich Marsh: Let me answer the first part of your question Paul. The amount related to storm damage is relatively minor about $5 million.
Tony Alexander: Okay. Paul, with respect to the other, what's going on in the House, I think the House Committee continues to hold hearings, with several I believe are already scheduled through early March. So, no, I don't believe they've completed their work in terms of understanding the various concepts or in terms of giving parties opportunities to discuss various issues in connection with restructuring.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from John Kiani.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Good afternoon.
Tony Alexander: Hi, John.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: There were some recent management promotions that created new positions of President of FE's Generation and Utility businesses on a standalone basis. Is this a step that you think helps facilitate a corporate separation, if hypothetically speaking you don't get an acceptable market-based outcome in Ohio?
Tony Alexander: John, no. Well, obviously, step you take like that has lots of different kinds of implications. But we've already corporately separated the company.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Right.
Tony Alexander: So, from the standpoint of that, I don't think it facilitates it one way or the other. Well, this was primarily done as to allow senior officers to focus on maximizing the value of each of those individual businesses. Looking at the wires business as a separate business from the generation business, and taking out any issues with respect to that. So, really it's a leadership model that says, we're going to run the wires business to maximize its value, to concentrate primarily on system reliability and the greater emphasis on energy efficiency that we're seeing not only on the State but on the Federal level. From a generation standpoint, with the purchase of Fremont and the continued emphasis on expanding our generation fleet in a cost effective way, we thought it was important to have that organization focus solely on and its senior leadership focused solely on that aspect of the business. So it's really an organizational change that allows the senior officers in each of those groups to focus all of their time on how they can make each of those companies better.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: That's helpful. That makes a lot of sense. And then one other quick question. Can you talk a little bit about potential power procurement mechanism for Met-Ed and Penelec after the 2011 exploration of the FES contract?
Rich Marsh: I think we're planning on filing something probably later this year. My sense is, although I haven't seen anything yet. There are number of ways you can go about it. But my sense is that we would use, at least propose using the same types of methodologies we've used in the past, some sort of descending clock option to assure that the customers of Met-Ed and Penelec have a firm and assured supply for default service.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Great. Thanks Tony.
Rich Marsh: Thanks John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Hugh Wynne. Hugh, your line is live.
Hugh Wynne - S. C. Bernstein: Hi. I just had a couple questions that relate to forecasting results in 2008 and 2009. Because the first you mentioned in your December presentation that 2009 results would be adversely effected by the expiry of Met-Ed and Penelec third-party power contract, I was wondering if you could help me quantify the impact of that contract going away?
Rich Marsh: 4.5 million?
Tony Alexander: Yeah. It's about 4.5 million megawatt hours, Hugh, basically at that point in time.
Ronald Seeholzer: Well, basically taking them -- this is Ron Seeholzer. From an underlying contract that's being supplied by a third-party today and moving up to an FES supply contract in the future. Part of it has to do with an opportunity cost, you want to look at between the two of them, but the megawatt-hour is about 4.5 million megawatt hours. The underlying contract is in the mid-30s right now. We're supplying all in with or without gross receipt tax 41.50 or 46.50 in that market right now from FES. And that's kind of the difference of that step up for both 9 and 10, until we get the under market period in Pennsylvania.
Hugh Wynne - S. C. Bernstein: Okay. So you have a 4.5 million megawatt-hour contract you are paying in the mid-30s, you would anticipate going from that level to, did you say 41.50?
Ronald Seeholzer: Correct.
Hugh Wynne - S. C. Bernstein: Okay. Thank you. The second question had to do with the results of your procurement efforts at Penelec. Could you tell us more or less the rates that you're seeing for requirements power for your smaller customers?
Rich Marsh: You mean Met power, Hugh?
Hugh Wynne - S. C. Bernstein: I'm sorry, you are right.
Rich Marsh: Yeah. Not available at this point, Hugh.
Hugh Wynne - S. C. Bernstein: Okay. Very good and thank you very much.
Rich Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Paul Patterson.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good afternoon.
Rich Marsh: Hi, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: You just answer one of my questions, I wanted to ask you about, I guess SB 221 and this is going on and on. How is your handicap a successful passage of this legislation, in terms of being acceptable to you guys, at this point in time if you could?
Rich Marsh: I typically don't handicap legislation, because there are some very talented people in Ohio and members of our General Assembly that are spending a lot of time on this issue. And we'll see how they come out with respect to it. I think an indication of their thoughtfulness came out just last week, when the speaker and one of members introduced legislation dealing with renewables and energy efficiency, which I believe was handled in a much more comprehensive way, and pretty well thought out with respect to the issues and how it would work over the next several years. And I think this House is spending that same amount of time with the other issues, because, I truly believe, that Substitute Senate Bill 221 will not work in its current form. It has no long-term sustainability, with respect to rates in the State of Ohio. And quite frankly, I appreciate the House spending the time to analyze the issue, have it debated and hopefully resolve it in a timely way.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. So, you guys are expecting some sort of clarity with respect to that in the committee, if I understood from (inaudible) earlier question in early March. And then what's the thought process after that, just that it goes to the House in general and then goes through a Senate. And do you think what will come out of there will probably be something that's acceptable to the Governor, and what have you?
Rich Marsh: I would certainly hope so. I mean the process basically is the House Committee will complete its hearings, will consider amendments, I assume, at some point in that process, will then, assuming the House Committee can reach a road that passes a bill with amendments will then go to the House floor. The House accepts a legislation or amends it on the floor, then it will go to the senate for either concurrence with the legislation, as modified or as passed by the House, or go into a Conference Committee, in which any differences would have to be resolved. Once that's done in one of those formats then it will go to the Governor. For just consideration.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. But in general it sounds like you are feeling pretty optimistic about the whole process as things stand right now?
Rich Marsh: I feel good that the process is allowing the issues to be fully debated and aired, such that I believe this House Committee will have a very complete and full understanding with respect to the issues that are involved.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Thanks a lot. I appreciate it.
Rich Marsh: Thanks Paul
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Paul Ridzon.
Rich Marsh: Hi, Paul.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Hi, Rich. How are you?
Rich Marsh: How are you?
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay. What does access into PJM through Fremont give you? Can you lever that up for any strategic advantage?
Rich Marsh: It's just another benefit and what Paul's referring to is that the Fremont generating access can be connected either to PJM or to MISO, because of its location. And just that it gives us more optiontionality around that unit going forward. Just a nice advantage to -- it is sort of frosting on a cake, to an asset that already was a very good fit for us that's one more long-term advantage force?
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company: Okay. Thank you.
Rich Marsh: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Thank you our next question is coming from Daniele Seitz.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose & Co: Thank you. I was just wondering, if you could remind us of the upside from incremental generation, given the uprates that have been completed in 2007?
Rich Marsh: Sure. Let me take a shot at that. Over the 2005, 2007 period we've had total megawatt hour additions Daniele of about 447 megawatt. So, about a 130 of those are fossil based load uprates, about 16 peaking unit uprates, nuclear base load uprates about a 152 megawatts and then efficiency and capacity factor improvements about just under 150 bringing us to close to 450 over the 2005, 2007 period. So, that's generation that we can use to either meet customer load or so in the market or whatever, that we were able to put in at a very low cost. Over the next several years 2008 to 2011, we plan to add about 251 megawatts in addition to the 447, which brings us up to almost 700 megawatts over that time span, which is obviously the size of a small generating plant, built within our existing assets at low cost, at low risk and additions that we can take quickly to the market. So, we continue to believe that this approach is the right thing for us to do, to complete these additions that we've identified over the next couple of years.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose & Co: And between '07 and '08 is there a definite step up that will be visible in your numbers or if it will get absorbed, a lot of it has been absorbed. A lot of it has been absorbed already in recent performance?
Rich Marsh: Well, I mean there will be more megawatts certainly coming on in 2008. Is it a driving factor? Year-over-year there is lots of other items included in that. So, sure, one of the things, maybe looking at this a little more holistically, this year we'll target generation of about 84.7 million megawatt hours. Last year we did right around 81 million megawatt hour.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose & Co: Yeah. So, is that really benefited too?
Rich Marsh: That's kind of the benefit of what we're doing here, working our plans better, more efficiently, and incrementally adding on a low risk basis to the existing assets.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose & Co: Thank you.
Rich Marsh: Thanks, Daniele.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose & Co: Thank you.
Rich Marsh: Let's take one more call operator.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is coming from Hugh Wynne.
Hugh Wynne - S. C. Bernstein: Thank you about to sneak one last one in.
Rich Marsh: Sure.
Hugh Wynne - S. C. Bernstein: The Ohio distribution rate case filing, I wonder if you could clarify two things for me. One, when do you anticipate the revenue benefit from the increase that the PUCO staff has recommended? And I guess secondly, when if at all, would you expect the separate proceedings to generate a revenue benefit?
Rich Marsh: The revenue benefit begins in 2009, Hugh.
Hugh Wynne - S. C. Bernstein: Generate first sort of….
Rich Marsh: Well, two of our companies, yes. For Ohio Edison and Toledo Edison at the beginning of the year. For Centerior, approximately around May.
Hugh Wynne - S. C. Bernstein: Okay.
Rich Marsh: For [CI], approximately around May.
Hugh Wynne - S. C. Bernstein: And the separate proceedings, will they have impact on 2009, or was it hard to tell when that's going to come through actually.
Harvey Wagner: Hugh, this is Harvey Wagner. The fuel portion for 2008 already will be reflected. I think Rich mentioned, in the vicinity of about $170 million on an annual price basis. The fuel deferrals for 2006 and 2007, we bought an application in early February and the commission is dealing with that as we speak.
Hugh Wynne - S. C. Bernstein: Got it. But I was under the impression that when the PUCO staff had recommended the distribution rate increase of, I guess, was a $114 million to $132 million, they had simultaneously suggested that matters be considered in the separate proceeding that those might increase your revenues by further $115 million. Did I get that wrong?
Rich Marsh: Yeah. No, that's correct. There were some of those items in our regional filing, which will be considered in the separate hearing.
Hugh Wynne - S. C. Bernstein: And, but, were those also coming into affect on the base that you stated earlier, Richard or?
Tony Alexander: Yeah. Well, I think there are two components to it. Hugh, this is Tony. The few component side of that, that applications is before the commission today, right now I should say and we would expect them to rule on that by own senses that the commission could make that effective in terms of allowing recovery, sometime this year or could wait until maybe '09 to have it coincide with the other distribution increases. With respect to the remaining items, that they talk about other proceedings, that's really a -- those are really deferrals that occur post-date certain in the case, which would essentially mean that you continue to incur carrying charges to those balances and then they would be addressed in a following rate case for distribution services.
Hugh Wynne - S. C. Bernstein: Okay. Alright. So little bit difficult to pen down when all those are going to be?
Rich Marsh: That's right. That would have an additional rate filing for distribution sometime later in '09 probably.
Hugh Wynne - S. C. Bernstein: Great. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Kurt Turosky: Good. Thank you, Hugh. Well, we certainly appreciate everybody's time and continued interest in FirstEnergy. If there is any follow-up questions please feel free to give our Investor Relation folks a call, and we hope everybody has a great day. Thanks.
Rich Marsh: Thanks everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's FirstEnergy Corp's fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-30 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Kurt E. Turosky - Director, Investor Relations Richard H. Marsh - Chief Financial Officer, Senior VicePresident Anthony J. Alexander - President, Chief Executive Officer,Director Harvey Wagner - Vice President and Controller
Analysts: Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Paul Fremont - Jefferies &Company Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Paul T. Ridzon - Key Bank CapitalMarkets Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose & Co. David Frank Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Tiara and Iwill be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcomeeveryone to the FirstEnergy third quarter earnings conference call. (OperatorInstructions) It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Kurt Turosky,Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Kurt E. Turosky: Thank you very much. During this conference call, we willmake various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harborprovisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respectto revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects, and other aspects ofthe business of FirstEnergy Corp. Are based on current expectations that aresubject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actualresults or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by suchforward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in theconsolidated report to the financial community, which was released earliertoday and is also available on our website under the earnings release link. Reconciliations to GAAP for the non-GAAP measures we will bereferring to today are also contained in that report, as well as on theinvestor information section of our website at www.firstenergycorp.com/ir. Participating in today’s call are Tony Alexander, Presidentand Chief Executive Officer; Rich Marsh, Senior Vice President and ChiefFinancial Officer; Harvey Wagner, Vice President and Controller; Jim Pearson,Vice President and Treasurer; and Ron Seeholzer, Vice President of InvestorRelations. I will now turn the call over to Rich Marsh.
Richard H. Marsh: Thank you, Kurt. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for beingwith us today. I’ll start our call this afternoon with an overview of thirdquarter financial results and operational performance. I will then turn thecall over to Tony to discuss recent Ohio and Pennsylvania legislativedevelopments and our financial outlook for the remainder of the year. As I review our third quarter results, it might be helpfulfor you to refer to our consolidated report to the financial community that weissued this morning. Earnings on a GAAP basis in the third quarter were $1.36per share, compared to GAAP earnings of $1.41 per share in the same period lastyear. Excluding special items, normalized non-GAAP earnings were$1.32 per share compared to $1.42 per share in the third quarter of last year.This year’s normalized, non-GAAP earnings exclude gains of $0.04 per sharerelated to the sale of a portion of our 32% ownership interest in FirstCommunications. The primary reason for the $0.10 per share decline innormalized, non-GAAP earnings compared to the third quarter of the previousyear relate to two items that benefited last year’s quarterly results, andthese were: first, a $0.06 per share contribution from the sale of [admissionallowances]; and second, a $0.05 per share contribution related to the 2005estimated manufacturing deduction in connection with the filing of our 2005federal income tax return in September of 2006. Kilowatt-hour deliveries through our distribution systemduring the quarter were slightly behind the levels of the prior year, due tothe milder weather experienced in the eastern portion of our system, wherecooling degree days were 6% below the same period last year. Although total system cooling degree days were comparable tothe third quarter of last year, we experienced a mild July, which is normally apeak air conditioning month for us. The key drivers for this quarter’s financial resultsincluded: a $0.20 per share improvement related to increased generationrevenues from higher wholesale and resale prices, as well as higher sales volumes;a $0.06 per share reduction in post-retirement benefit costs due to retireehealthcare design changes and lower pension expense following the $300 millioncontribution to the plan in January; and an $0.08 per share benefit related tothe reduction in common shares from the accelerated share repurchase of $10.6million shares of August 2006 and $14.4 million shares in March of this year. Factors partially offsetting these positive contributionsincluded an $0.11 per share increase in purchase power expense due to thereplacement power costs for the 25-day outage at the Perry Nuclear Power Plantin July, as well as higher market prices; a $0.07 per share reduction due tothe distribution rate decrease at our Met Ed and Penelec subsidiaries effectivein January; a $0.03 per share decline in distribution delivery revenues mainlydue to weather-related impacts on our residential delivery sales that Idiscussed earlier; a $0.04 per share decrease in investment income from ournuclear decommissioning trusts and corporate-owned life insurance, resultingfrom the third quarter’s investment performance compared to the same periodlast year; a $0.02 per share increase in depreciation expense resulting fromour growing asset base; a $0.02 per share expense increase in general taxes dueto higher property taxes in Pennsylvania, gross receipt taxes; and finally, a$0.03 per share increase in financing costs attributable to the interimfinancing of the accelerated share repurchase program and the January 2007pension contribution. I’ll now touch on a few of the key financing transactionsthat we recently completed. On August 30th, our Penelec subsidiary issued $300million of 6.05% unsecured senior notes due 2017. The proceeds from thistransaction were used to fund the repurchase of $200 million of Penelec commonstock from FirstEnergy and to repay short-term borrowings. On October 4th, the generation subsidiaries of FirstEnergySolutions closed on the issuance of $427 million of pollution control revenuebonds that were credit enhanced with insurance. The proceeds will be usedduring the fourth quarter to redeem an equal amount of PCRBs originally issuedon behalf of the Ohio operating companies. This transaction brings the total amount of PCRBstransferred from our utilities to the generating companies to approximately$1.9 billion, with about $265 million yet remaining to be transferred. And thisprocess supports the generation asset transfer that took place in 2005. The generating companies also completed the remarketing of$263 million of pollution control revenue bonds on October 1st and replaced thesupporting letters of credit previously drawn on FirstEnergy Corp.’s $2.75billion revolving credit facility with insurance letters of credit guaranteedby FirstEnergy Solutions. During September, FirstEnergy Solutions registrationobligations associated with a $1.3 billion sale on lease-back of Unit One atthe Bruce Mansfield plant were satisfied, and as a result, the transaction,which was completed on July 13th, is classified as an operating lease underGAAP. As we noted on our second quarter earnings call, ourgeneration company continues to operate the Mansfield unit and remains entitledto its full power output. Last week, our 911 megawatt Beaver Valley Unit One plantreturned to service following a scheduled refueling outage that began onSeptember 24th. During the outage, the 10-year inspection of the reactor vesselhead was completed with no significant issues. Beaver Valley One had operated for 378consecutive days when it was taken offline for the refueling, which is a veryimpressive performance. Also, in late August, our nuclear operating company filed anapplication with the NRC seeking to extend the operating licenses for bothBeaver Valley units for an additional 20 years, or to year 2036 for Unit Oneand 2047 for Unit Two. The NRC accepted the application for review last week. Now let me address a few recent regulatory developments inOhio and Pennsylvania. On August 29th, the Supreme Court of Ohio upheld rulingsby the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio approving several provisions of our Ohiooperating companies rate certainty plan that had been challenged. However, the court did remand one issue back to the PUCO forfurther consideration; that being our ability to collect fuel costs deferredbetween 2006 and 2008 through future distribution rates. The court ruled that recovery of generation service coststhrough distribution rates would be unlawful. The court did not dispute thecommission’s authority to allow recovery of the fuel costs, just the recoverymechanism. On September 7th, the companies filed a motion forreconsideration with the court to contest its interpretation and on September10th, also filed an application on remand with the PUCO to propose the deferredfuel costs be recovered through two generation related fuel costs recoveryriders, beginning later this year. And this matter is currently pending beforethe PUCO. Other key Ohioregulatory matters that are in process before the commission include thecompetitive generation supply plan that we filed on July 10th and ourdistribution rate cases, which were updated on August 6th. We expect bothmatters to continue to progress during the remainder of the year. In Pennsylvania, a joint petition for settlement was filedwith the Public Utility Commission on September 28th, seeking approval of PennPower’s interim default service supply plan for the three-year period beginningJune 1, 2008. The first phase of Penn Power’s default supply plan began onJanuary 1st of this year. The proposal provides for Penn Power to obtain market-basedgeneration supply using a request for proposal by rate class for residentialand commercial customers. Industrial customers would be supplied through short-termmarkets. The settlement agreement, which is either supported or notopposed by all parties, resolves all issues except those regarding incrementalon collectible accounts expense. And we expect an administrative law judgerecommended decision soon with the commission order in late November or earlyDecember. Now I would like to turn the call over to Tony to comment onother regulatory and legislative matters.
Anthony J. Alexander: Thanks, Rich. There has been a significant amount ofactivity recently on new energy legislation in both Ohio and Pennsylvania. InOhio, Senate Bill 221 was introduced at the request of Governor Strickland. TheGovernor’s plan has significant issues, primary of which was it lacked theclarity necessary to effectively determine generation pricing. Hearings were held on the bill. A substitute bill has beenintroduced and later today, we expect the Senate Energy and Public UtilitiesCommittee to consider the substitute bill and additional amendments. Thatsubstitute bill, as amended, is expected to be considered by the full senatetomorrow. While the substitute bill addresses some of the shortcomingsidentified in the Governor’s plan, it still allows the PUCO to subjectivelydetermine whether a competitive market exists and in addition, continues tolack sufficient clarity on key provisions. Essentially, the Senate’s version has helped frame theissues in the bill for consideration in the House. Yesterday, the House Speakerannounced plans to refer the bill to the House Public Utilities Committee onceit has cleared the Senate. He has also outlined a topic-based schedule forhearings that would begin in early November and extend to January 23rd of 2008. As to FirstEnergy, remember our utilities do not owngeneration, so their generation prices to customers will be based upon thecompetitive market for generation, essentially purchase power. However, the substitute bill would not foreclose our abilityto negotiate an electric security plan if doing so would provide advantages tothe company and its customers. There is still considerable work to be done on thislegislation, so it will likely be some time before we can fully evaluate itsimpact, including those from the mandates for renewable and advanced energyresources and energy efficiency. FirstEnergy will remain very active in the hearing andlegislative process in the House and we hope to continue to improve thelegislation so that it offers a real opportunity for competitive generationmarkets to develop in Ohio. Turning to Pennsylvania, a special legislative session onenergy is currently underway. This session began on September 24th, whenGovernor Rendell reintroduced his energy independent strategy proposal. The centerpiece of his proposal involves the creation of an$850 million energy independence fund for the purpose of supporting cleanenergy initiatives, grants for solar installations, and venture capital grantsand loans for alternative energy projects. The fund would be created through asystems benefit charge that distribution utilities would collect fromcustomers. There also has been numerous bills submitted in a specialsession in both the House and Senate dealing with alternative energy funding,tax credits, and sales tax exemptions. Energy matters are also being consideredin the regular legislative session. Energy bills have been introduced to dealwith demand side management, energy efficiency, conservation, rate increasemitigation, and the generation procurement process. The administration is also workingon proposed energy legislation. Additionally, there has been some discussion regardingpossible legislation that would extend electric generation rate caps. Iunderstand that yesterday, such a bill was introduced in the house. While Ihaven’t yet reviewed the proposed bill, we believe that a better solution wouldbe a price mitigation plan which would phase in price increases over time. Although it is difficult to predict the final outcome of thevarious legislative initiatives in Pennsylvania and Ohio, FirstEnergy remainsactively engaged in the process to ensure that the transition to competitivemarkets is managed in the best interest of our investors and customers. In closing, I was pleased with our operational and financialperformance during the quarter. This outcome, coupled with our positive resultsduring the first half of the year, enabled us to revise our 2007 normalized,non-GAAP earnings guidance to $4.15 to $4.25 per share, which is at the tophalf of our prior guidance of $4.05 to $4.25 per share. Thanks for your time and interest in FirstEnergy. I lookforward to seeing many of you at the EEI financial conference next month, aswell as at our annual analyst meeting in New York on December 6th. I will now ask the operator to open the call to questionsfrom analysts. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question is coming from Ashar Khanfrom SAC Capital.
Ashar Khan - SACCapital: Good afternoon. Congratulations. Tony, as you mentioned,does the Senate version of the bill to be passed, as you said, with amendmentstoday and tomorrow, would that allow you, as you said, to proceed with going tomarket or no?
Anthony J. Alexander: Since our Ohio utilities do not own generation and do nothave any contracts for generation services as of January 1, 2009, their optionfor supplying and meeting their generation obligation will be from the marketand that price will be passed on to customers.
Ashar Khan - SACCapital: Okay, and then Rich, can I just ask you a question on theresults -- the $0.20 increase in the generation business, is that -- do you dohigher margins or more volume?
Richard H. Marsh: You’re talking about the generation revenues?
Ashar Khan - SACCapital: That’s correct.
Richard H. Marsh: It was mostly price related, as opposed to volume.
Ashar Khan - SACCapital: And that is because you had higher I guess prices in the [Miser]area in Ohio? Is that the way to look at it?
Richard H. Marsh: Yes, through the service territories, yes, that’s correct.
Ashar Khan - SACCapital: Okay. Thank you so very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Paul Fremont from Jefferies & Company.
PaulFremont - Jefferies & Company: Thanks. If I take what you said in the second quarter, whichis that you expect 56% of the remaining year to come in the third quarter,would’ve been a guidance range of about $1.14 to $1.25. You came in I think$0.07 above that in the third quarter, and I’m curious why you held the top endof your guidance range on the year stable. Is there something negative that weshould be anticipating later in the fourth quarter?
Richard H. Marsh: We set it there because we think that’s the appropriaterange, Paul. I mean, obviously every quarter is unique based on weather andother circumstances. We think the $4.15 to $4.25 guidance that Tony just issuedcaptures where we’ll be at year-end, so it’s our best thought of where we’llactually ultimately be, notwithstanding the third quarter results.
PaulFremont - Jefferies & Company: I guess the second question that I would have is withrespect to the Ohio plan, or Ohio proposed legislation, should we think of thetiming of the passage of legislation as potentially preceding any potentialdeals that the Ohio utilities would cut with the PUC, or should we think ofthose as more or less simultaneous events?
Anthony J. Alexander: My sense, Paul, is that they would have to wait until anynew legislation is adopted so that they could be consistent with that new law.
PaulFremont - Jefferies & Company: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Gregg Orrill from Lehman Brothers.
Gregg Orrill- Lehman Brothers: Thanks very much. I was just wondering if you could updateus on where MISO stands with implementing ancillary services, new ancillaryservices market?
Richard H. Marsh: That process is continuing to move along, Gregg. I don’tknow that I’ve gotten an update recently in terms of when that would becompleted. My understanding was by 2008, probably mid-year, but I have notheard any updates on that recently.
Gregg Orrill- Lehman Brothers: Completed mid-’08 for mid-’09 implementation or ’09implementation?
Richard H. Marsh: I’m not sure. We can check on that and get back to you.We’ll talk to our guys at FES and find out.
Gregg Orrill- Lehman Brothers: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from John Kiani from Deutsche Bank.
John Kiani- Deutsche Bank: Tony, what’s your view -- I know it’s probably difficult toproject at this time, but what’s your view on roughly how long it will take toiron out this post-’08 rate situation in Ohio or come to some agreement on anESP?
Anthony J. Alexander: I think it’s going to be how complicated the bill is with respectto what has to be included in that consideration. If it’s moving in thedirection that the substitute Senate bill appeared to, which would have somesort of potential cost base analysis required, that could be time-consuming. Somuch of it is going to depend on how that legislation sets itself up for thosevery first negotiations.
John Kiani- Deutsche Bank: Right. That makes a lot of sense. Okay, and then looking outlonger term, I know you are very focused right now on the best outcome possiblein Ohio and obviously in Pennsylvania as well, but as we look out longer termand the environmental capital spending starts to come to an end, what’s yourview on monetizing more of the balance sheet?
Richard H. Marsh: Certainly we’ve taken advantage of opportunities that havecome our way, as you know, John, in terms of Beaver Valley or Bruce Mansfieldand some of the opportunities that have happened. We are continuing toobviously look at that but right now, most of our attention is focused onreally the 2009 transition, making sure that we focus on getting the transitionin Ohio and Pennsylvaniacorrect, so we haven’t really gone beyond that in terms of issuing anydefinitive guidance of views, if you will. I think we need to have some ofthese things clarified before we can go there.
John Kiani- Deutsche Bank: Got it. Thanks, Rich.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Paul Ridzon from Key Bank.
PaulT. Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets: As I read the Governor’s legislation, I saw language thatspecifically addressed generation that had been divested, but you think the waythings currently stand, you can sidestep that and just pass Ohio to market atthe distribution company?
Anthony J. Alexander: Yes. Well, the legislation as drafted, if you think aboutthis plan as discussed, it had some provision in there or discussion withrespect to assets that have been transferred, and the legislation itself reallydoesn’t deal with it in any direct way because it’s -- you simply can’t. So Ithink there is a recognition, however, that if there is an energy security planand there is a pass-through of costs, you would look through to try todetermine how those costs were incurred. But generally speaking, the point at which you start withfrom an Ohio Edison and CEI and Toledo Edison perspective is their costs tomeet the generation obligation is purchase power cost.
PaulT. Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets: Thank you. And on the second quarter call, I asked why youweren’t raising guidance and you talked about Davis-Besse and weather. What wasit that came in better than expected that allowed you to do this?
Richard H. Marsh: I think it was weather during the quarter and just generaloverall results. I mean, obviously it’s a good quarter for us, so that’s whatgave us the confidence to limit it to the upper end of our existing range.
PaulT. Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets: And then lastly, just housekeeping, your reconciliation, the$0.04 unusual, that is one and the same, the gain on first communications?
Richard H. Marsh: Yes, it is.
PaulT. Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Jonathan Arnoldfrom Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Arnold -Merrill Lynch: Good afternoon. Just a couple of Ohio follow-ups, the firstone in terms of the proposal you have before the commission on thetransitioning to a competitive pricing and how that marries up with thetimetable that’s been outlined in the House, what are the next dates in thecommission process? And does that effectively have to move a long way down thetrack before the House actually ends up making a decision on this bill?
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, when you think about the process, and I think that’sprobably the easiest way to think in terms, Jonathan, to me, since we know thatthe Ohio utilities don’t have generation and their first step is going to haveto be in the competitive market, the fact of the matter is the more time thecommission chooses not to act, the less time we will have to manage a processthat has multiple bids, as an example, instead of just one day, or givecustomers notice and adequate notice with respect to what the prices to beatare in 2009. In theory, the price can be established as of the end of theyear, because it will be effective January 1st of next year. All that means,however, is that customers will have a lot of time to respond to it, it willtake a little more time for alternatives to develop and the retail market todevelop underneath, but nevertheless, it can’t go that long. You’ve justlimited the options and the choices and your ability to mitigate perhapsvolatility that might occur on one day, if that’s the only day you have left todo an auction.
Jonathan Arnold -Merrill Lynch: So the commission has the ability to wait and spend time onthis, if they so choose?
Anthony J. Alexander: It has consequences, but yes, they can.
Jonathan Arnold -Merrill Lynch: And one other related topic, there was some moving around ofthe membership of the House committee, I believe, in the last week or so. Anycomments on that, how we should think about the changes there?
Anthony J. Alexander: I think that’s the Speaker of the House’s choice. He’sobviously selected some very good and some very good, talented Members torepresent the House and take testimony on this very important bill.
Jonathan Arnold -Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Paul Pattersonfrom Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson -Glenrock Associates: Just to follow-up here on Ohio, sort of your politicalcrystal ball here -- you guys are sort of a little bit in a different positionthan perhaps some of the other utilities. What do you think the chances are ofthis bill being exercised by the end of the year, or do you think that there ispotential for further battles over how their situation is, vis-à-vis where somepeople would like it to be, some of the other parties? Do you follow me? In other words, you guys have transferred the asset. It lookslike there is a specific situation that applies to you guys that may not applyto others, and do you see that as being a potential hang-up or problem or is ittoo hard to say?
Anthony J. Alexander: Let me address the first part of it, Paul, and that is thatwe don’t -- given the House’s schedule at this point that’s just been -- it wasjust announced, we would not expect this legislation to be passed in 2007,because their schedule includes hearings through January 23rd of 2008. So wewould not expect action this year to close it down unless the House changes itsschedule at some point. With respect to the other issues, again, there is a lot ofissues in this legislation and a lot of parts to it that need clarity, in termsof how it will apply, particularly to utilities that continue to own generationas opposed to us, because we don’t own generation any longer. Those things need to get cleared up and I think the House isgoing to, the way their schedule looks like, they will allow for a full debateand discussion with respect to all of the issues that I think have beenidentified in this legislation and that should give everybody an opportunity totry to address them through further legislative action. Again, assuming that they are not fully addressed when theSenate deals with the bill today and tomorrow.
Paul Patterson -Glenrock Associates: Finally, just a quick one on pension and OPEB. You guys havebeen pretty creative in terms of lowering the cost there, and I was justwondering whether or not going into 2008, we might see a similar -- what yourplans might be with respect to what you might be able to -- could you dosomething similar as to what you did this year? Just any thoughts on that.
Richard H. Marsh: Well, the change has largely been driven by the pensioncontributions we made over the last three years, Paul, and as you know, we putin about $1.3 billion within a three-year period. Right now, we are fullyfunded, even on an PBO basis. We had to plan funding in a spot that we think is attractive, so we arenot contemplating any additional funding going forward. Hopefully those assetswill continue to do well from an investment standpoint and earn a good return,but we are very happy with the funding where we are at.
Paul Patterson -Glenrock Associates: And the healthcare thing, you guys don’t see any big changesin that either?
Richard H. Marsh: You know, we’ve announced those changes that have alreadytaken place or will be taking place shortly, so once again, I think we’ve beenpretty diligent looking at the options. So right now, I wouldn’t anticipate anyfurther significant changes.
Paul Patterson -Glenrock Associates: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Daniele Seitzfrom Dahlman Rose.
Daniele Seitz -Dahlman Rose & Co.: I just was wondering, when is the extension, life extensionon the -- these [inaudible] plants will be in effect? I mean, when do youanticipate the NRC to be completing the review?
Richard H. Marsh: The license extension?
Daniele Seitz -Dahlman Rose & Co.: Yes.
Richard H. Marsh: Typically, it’s a fairly long process, Daniele. It typicallytakes several years.
Daniele Seitz -Dahlman Rose & Co.: So you don’t expect that before two years from now?
Richard H. Marsh: It could be as long as four or five years.
Daniele Seitz -Dahlman Rose & Co.: Oh, really? Okay.
Richard H. Marsh: It’s a pretty regimented process that they go through, so ittypically takes a period of time.
Daniele Seitz -Dahlman Rose & Co.: And in the purchase power cost that you presented in thereconciliation, how much was for the [power outage], I mean, roughly?
Richard H. Marsh: I’m sorry, Daniele, could you repeat that?
Daniele Seitz -Dahlman Rose & Co.: The [power outage] represented how much of that increase inpurchase power costs?
Richard H. Marsh: About $0.06, Daniele.
Daniele Seitz -Dahlman Rose & Co.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from David Frankfrom [inaudible] Partners.
David Frank: Good afternoon. Rich, a couple of quick questions; one,could you give us an update on where the ASR stands?
Richard H. Marsh: The ASR, from our perspective, of course, was completed theday we did it. In terms of Morgan Stanley [giving their short] position, David,that will be done in the fourth quarter. It will be completed by year-end.
David Frank: And another question I had was on the basis differential inPennsylvania. When you look at your Met Ed and Penelec utilities and you lookat some of the sources of supply coming from the Dukane region, specificallyBeaver Valley. In the out years now, there’s a bit of a spread between thecapacity payments that you are obligated to pay in MAC plus APS versus what youare receiving on your generation in the rest of pool of Dukane there in 2010.How will you seek to hedge that differential, or should we just assume it’s aone-year thing and you’ll just eat it for the year?
Richard H. Marsh: Probably the best thing for us to do, David, would be to getback to you on that. That’s not an easy question to answer in a littlesound-bite here, so let us get back to you. We’ll take that as a homework item.
David Frank: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Dan Jenkinsfrom State of Wisconsin.
Dan Jenkins - Stateof Wisconsin: Good afternoon. First, a couple of things onphilosophically, the Ohio and Pennsylvaniasituations. I guess related to the generation, how committed are you topreserving the value of that generation for the investors? Are you willing togo to the extent of potentially spinning off your Ohio utilities, or somehowseparating them to -- you know, if that becomes an issue that the State triesto go after the value of that generation for distribution customers?
Richard H. Marsh: Remember, Dan, I mean, obviously in Ohio, we alreadyseparated the generating assets out of the regulated distribution companies, sothose are assets that are engaged in interstate commerce regulated by FERC, notthe state commission. So as far as that issue goes, we’ve already taken thestep of separating them out. Maybe the second part of the question, you are talking aboutin terms of the ability of the regulators to somehow -- you know, I’ve heard of[inaudible] is how I usually hear the term, something through a distributioncase. Obviously, you know, that’s going to depend on how regulators view theserequests and act on these requests going forward. We continue to like the integrated business model. We thinkit makes sense. I think it makes sense for the customers in Ohio as well. Iwould have to believe the commission could very well see it that way as well,so we don’t have any other indications otherwise at this point that might leadus down the path to un-bundle those two businesses.
Dan Jenkins - Stateof Wisconsin: Okay, and then just a few items on your release, I noticedin the most recent quarter on your cash flow statement, you had a big cash flowprovided from investment activities. Is that related to wholesale leaseback?
Richard H. Marsh: Yes, it is, Dan.
Dan Jenkins - Stateof Wisconsin: And then, you mentioned that you were also looking to buildsome storage for spent fuel at the Perry plant. I was wondering, a number ofother utilities have sued the DOE to recover those costs related to the factthat the Yucca Mountain isn’t open yet. Have you guys gotten that sort ofrecovery put in place, or do you plan to pursue that?
Richard H. Marsh: We have not done that, Dan, no.
Dan Jenkins - Stateof Wisconsin: Do you plan to pursue that or is that something you arethinking about?
Richard H. Marsh: We’re participating in the proceedings around that issue, butat this point, we’ve not taken any action.
Dan Jenkins - Stateof Wisconsin: Okay, and then I was just wondering if you could comment onthe industrial sales into your areas. I noticed you had close to a percent downin the third quarter and most are down for the year. I was just kind ofwondering if you are seeing economically or from customers in the industrialsector.
Richard H. Marsh: Our industrial sales tend to bounce around a little bit fromquarter to quarter. Most of our industrial exposure is in Northeast Ohio,Western Pennsylvania. A lot of that tends to be steel, auto, glass related sortof concerns. They tend to, from an economic standpoint, generally follow alongthose trends. I haven’t seen anything very significant related tocustomers that overall have impacted. I don’t know, Harvey,do you have anything else you want to add to that?
Harvey Wagner: I was just going to add that Penn Power’s industrialcustomers for the most part are shopping, and that was different from lastyear.
Dan Jenkins - Stateof Wisconsin: But you’re not seeing and trends, weaker versus -- you know,quarter versus quarter or anything like that?
Harvey Wagner: Nothing out of the ordinary.
Richard H. Marsh: No. Generally, they’ll trend to more or less track alongwith general economic trends but I don’t see anything unusual.
Dan Jenkins - Stateof Wisconsin: Okay. Thank you.
Richard H. Marsh: Thanks, Dan. Why don’t we take one more call and then we’lllet everybody get back to -- if there is one more call.
Operator: There appears to be no further questions at this time.
Richard H. Marsh: Very good. Well, we appreciate everybody’s time and interesttoday and look forward to seeing many of you in Florida for the EEI financialconference, and I hope everybody has a great day. Thanks for your time.
Anthony J. Alexander: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You maynow disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-08-07 13:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Kurt E. Turosky - Director, Investor Relations   Anthony J. Alexander - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director   Richard H. Marsh - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President 
Analysts: Danielle Sykes - Darman Rose   Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers   Greg Gordon - Citigroup   Paul Fremont - Jefferies   Charles J. Fishman - A. G. Edwards   Steve Fleischman - Catapult Partners   Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein   Paul Ridzon - Key Bank   Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board 
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Cheryl and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the FirstEnergy Corp. second quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Kurt Turosky, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference. 
Kurt E. Turosky: Thank you, Cheryl. During this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp. are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated report to the financial community, which was released earlier today and is also available on our website under the earnings release link.  Reconciliations to GAAP for the non-GAAP earnings measures we will be referring to today are also contained in that report, as well as on the investor information section of our website at www.firstenergycorp.com/ir.  Participating in today’s call are Tony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Rich Marsh, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Harvey Wagner, Vice President and Controller; Jim Pearson, Vice President and Treasurer; and Ron Seeholzer, Vice President of Investor Relations.  I will now turn the call over to Tony Alexander. 
Anthony J. Alexander: Thanks, Kurt. Good afternoon, everyone. I’ll begin by highlighting our operational performance during the quarter and then ask Rich to review our financial results and provide an update on regulatory matters.  I am pleased that we continued our progress in the second quarter in achieving our key goals for the year, including realizing the full potential of our generation assets, further enhancing our distribution reliability, pursuing continuous improvement in all aspects of our business, and delivering consistent and predictable financial results.  During the second quarter, we recorded earnings on a GAAP basis of $1.11 per share, and our normalized non-GAAP earnings of $1.13 per share were 19% higher than the same period last year.  Our generation fleet continued its outstanding performance with a second quarter output record of 20.4 million megawatt hours of electricity, a slight increase over the record established in the same quarter last year. The increased output resulted from the generation up rates we’ve implemented over the last year as well as the strong operating performance of our fleet.  Since the second quarter last year, we’ve added 93 megawatts of nuclear capacity through up rates at our Beaver Valley and Davis Bessie plants, and 50 megawatts of baseload fossil capacity from the up rate of unit two at the Bruce Mansfield plant.  The favorable fossil performance during the quarter was led by our Mansfield plant, which is our largest generating facility at 2,460 megawatts. That plant produced more than 5 million megawatt hours of electricity in the second quarter and posted a capacity factor of 94% during the period.  With our strong performance during the quarter, we continued to pursue our goal of exceeding last year’s record generation output of 82 million megawatt hours.  As part of our environmental compliance strategy, we recently announced plans to install an electro-catalytic oxidation, or ECO system, on units four and five of our RE Burger plant. ECO is a multi-pollutant control technology developed by Powerspan Corporation that reduces sulfur dioxide, mercury, other combustion gases, and fine particulates.  We originally planned to install the ECO system on unit four of the Bay Shore plant, but have determined that deploying this installation at the Burger plant will result in 100 additional megawatts of scrub capacity, as well as a better fit with the co-procurement strategy for both plants.  Design engineering for the new ECO system will begin later this year, with operation expected during the first quarter of 2011. The incremental capital costs associated with this change will be about $38 million.  Moving on to our energy delivery business, we continued to improve on the favorable system reliability trend that we started last year. On a year-to-date basis, we’ve realized a 7% reduction in the frequency of customer outages, and a 13% decrease in outage duration. This improving trend was facilitated by the capital investments we’ve made in our distribution systems over the last several years. It’s also a reflection of our talented and dedicated employees who helped us achieve these positive results by also improving our safety performance.  Through the first six months of the year, our company-wide safety statistics are on track to meet or exceed the record-breaking performance established in 2006, when we achieved an OSHA rate of 0.96. That represents less than one incident per 200,000 hours work, which placed us in the top decile of our industry.  I will now turn the call over to Rich to discuss our second quarter financial results. 
Richard H. Marsh: Thank you, Tony and good afternoon, everyone. As I review our results, it might be helpful for you to refer to our consolidated report to the financial community that we issued earlier this morning.  Okay, let’s get started; earnings on a GAAP basis in the second quarter were $1.11 per share, compared to GAAP earnings of $0.92 per share in the same period last year. Excluding special items, normalized non-GAAP earnings were $1.13 per share, compared to $0.95 per share in the second quarter of last year. This year’s normalized non-GAAP earnings exclude the impairment of nuclear decommissioning trust securities that reduced earnings by $0.02 per share.  The 19% improvement in this quarter’s non-GAAP earnings resulted largely from favorable operating performance, strong sales, and lower pension and post retirement benefit costs.  Specific positive earnings drivers included: a $0.25 per share improvement related to higher generation revenues from a 3% increase in generation sales, as well as higher retail and wholesale prices; a $0.04 per share contribution from distribution delivery revenues, reflecting a 16% increase in heating degree days and a 39% increase in cooling degree days compared to the same period last year, as well as our normal sales growth; a $0.06 per share reduction in other post retirement benefit costs, due to retiree healthcare design changes and lower pension expense following the $300 million contribution to the pension plan in January; a $0.05 per share increase investment income from our nuclear decommissioning trust and corporate owned life insurance; and a $0.07 per share benefit related to the reduction in common shares from the accelerated share repurchases of 10.6 million shares in August of this year -- I’m sorry, in August of 2006 and 14.4 million shares for this year.  Factors that partially offset these favorable impacts included: a $0.09 per share increase in purchase power expense, due to higher market prices;  [Technical Difficulties]  -- repay short-term debt or repurchase common stock from FirstEnergy.  For the second half of the year, our financing plans include the expected issuance of about $600 million of long-term, unsecured debt at our operating companies, primarily to fund debt maturities and repay short-term debt, and the continued transfer on an opportunistic basis of about $425 million of the remaining $700 million of pollution controlled debt from our regulated utilities to our un-regulated generating companies.  Now let’s turn our attention to a few pending regulatory matters. On June 7th, our three Ohio utilities filed base distribution rate cases with the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio. Yesterday, the company submitted an update to the filing containing actual results for the period March through May of 2007, as well as asset and liability balances as of May 31st.  [The cost] increase in annualized distribution revenues in the case totals $332 million, and that amount is needed to recover expenses related to distribution operations, as well as costs deferred under our previously approved rate plans.  The new rates would be effective January 1, 2009 for Ohio Edison and Toledo Edison customers, and are expected to be effective in May, 2009 for Cleveland Electric customers.  Although not part of the rate case, the companies will reduce or eliminate the regulatory transition charges, or what we call RTC, concurrent with the effective dates of the new distribution rates. This will reduce annualized revenues by approximately $594 million, and when combined with the proposed distribution rate increase, customers will actually see a net reduction of $262 million, or 5.7% on average, on the regulated portion of their bills.  Although the PUCO hasn’t yet established the case schedule, we estimate that the staff report will be issued some time in the fourth quarter, followed by evidentiary hearings in late 2007 and we would then expect that the final order would be in the March 2008 timeframe.  Our three Ohio utilities also recently filed an application with the commission requesting approval of a comprehensive supply plan to provide generation service to customers beginning January 1, 2009. This would use a competitive bidding process to supply those customers who choose not to purchase electricity from alternative suppliers.  Under our proposal, suppliers would bid for portions of customers’ supply needs in tranches of approximately 100 megawatts each. A descending plot format would be used, with the bid price per tranche declining until there are just enough bids to supply all customers. Individual bidders would be limited to no more than 75% of the total customer load.  To minimize our customers’ exposure to price volatility in the electric markets, the process would average the results of multiple bidding sessions conducted at different times during the year beginning in 2008. Following the 2008 bidding process, multiple bids would be held annually for one-third of the total customer supply for a 36-month period, with the resulting prices being averaged with existing prices to minimize volatility.  The company has offered two alternatives for structuring the bids; either by customer class, with residential, small business and large business customers being bid separately, or by a slice of system approach that would combine all customer classes into tranches, representing a portion of the total customer load.  In either case, rates would be established by customer class based on the bidding results. The proposal also includes an option for the PUCO to phase in generation price increases for residential tariff groups that would experience a change in their average total price of 15% or more. This deferral would be available for 2009 and subject to a cap of $150 million. The deferral would be paid back by our residential customers over three years through a non by-passable charge.  To provide sufficient time to conduct the competitive bidding process, the companies requested that the commission issue an order on the plan by November 1st. The commission has scheduled a technical conference on August 16th to allow interested parties an opportunity to better understand the filing.  Let me conclude my comments today by affirming our non-GAAP earnings guidance for the year 2007 of $4.05 to $4.25 per share. For the first two quarters of the year, cumulative normalized non-GAAP earnings were $2.01 per share. Earnings during the second half of the year, exclusive of any special items, are expected to be allocated approximately 56% to the third quarter and 44% to the fourth quarter. This allocation reflects the impact of the Perry Plant’s 26-day maintenance outage that was completed on January 24th to replace a motor in the reactor recirculation system, as well as the milder-than-normal weather we experienced during July, when cooling degree days were about 17% below normal.  The second quarter was a successful period for the company in achieving our financial and operational objectives, and I expect the second half of the year to be just as productive.  We appreciate your time today, as well as your continued support of FirstEnergy, and I would now like to ask Cheryl to open the call to questions from analysts. Thank you. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question is coming from Danielle Sykes of Darman Rose. 
Danielle Sykes - Darman Rose: Thank you. I was wondering if you are, if you intend to do some additional share repurchase over the next year or so, or your program is pretty much done now? 
Richard H. Marsh: We haven’t given any guidance or any thoughts, Danielle, beyond the existing program that we completed earlier this year, so we haven’t really said whether we were or were not going to contemplate any other share repurchase programs. 
Danielle Sykes - Darman Rose: But it is not out of the question as far as over the next 12 months, do you -- 
Richard H. Marsh: We haven’t said that we weren’t going to do it. We haven’t said that we are going to do it, so -- 
Danielle Sykes - Darman Rose: Okay, great. And just a detail, the pension contribution for the impact for 2007 would be roughly how much do you anticipate, for the year? 
Richard H. Marsh: The pension contribution in terms of reduced pension expense? 
Danielle Sykes - Darman Rose: Yes. 
Richard H. Marsh: On an annualized basis, about $0.05. 
Danielle Sykes - Darman Rose: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Gregg Orrill of Lehman Brothers. 
Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers: I was wondering if you could quantify what the impact of the Perry, the recent Perry outage was, and then remind us of the dividend policy? 
Richard H. Marsh: You’re talking about the Perry outage to replace the recirculation pump? 
Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers: The one to replace the motor. 
Richard H. Marsh: Yes, that was a 26-day outage. I guess the general rule of thumb that we often apply to nuclear outages is for purchase power cost, roughly $1 million a day. This is a larger-than-normal, obviously, nuclear plant so I would expect it to be somewhat higher and this outage was in July. Although the month overall was mild, it was still the summer period so I would think something north of $1 million a day is probably the appropriate number that we would expect to see from this outage. Minimal, very minimal, O&M costs related to that so most of the impact was from the purchase power side. 
Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers: Okay. 
Richard H. Marsh: I’m sorry, and the second part of your question? 
Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers: Dividend policy. 
Richard H. Marsh: Obviously a very important element of the thinking of both the board and management, something that we review on a quarterly basis. I think everybody is aware that in the beginning of the year, we increased the dividend over 11% in order to show our commitment to that and that remains a very important component of our going forward uses of cash over time. The board will continue to consider that each quarter. 
Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Greg Gordon of Citigroup. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thanks. I’m hoping you can put something in context for me with regard to Pennsylvania. The PPL utilities did their first bridge auction recently, began sourcing power for fiscal year 2010 to their customers. That price was, depending on how you look at it, in the low to mid 90s for the generating companies that won that bid. Can you help us understand, as we look at your 2011 situation, how much load for FE actually goes to market that is currently being served by FirstEnergy services? And if you were pricing in this market, looking at that auction, can you give us a sense of what the price might be today? 
Richard H. Marsh: The first part of your question is easier then the second part. Total load for our Pennsylvania companies, for Met-Ed and Penelec it’s about 30 million megawatt hours. FE serves about two-thirds of that in 2010.  In terms of what the price might be there, your guess is as good as ours. I think we see more data points as these auctions continue. Obviously the PPL auction was another interesting and relevant data point, I think. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: So let me ask the question a different way -- what’s the contract price going to be in 2010, in rough numbers? 
Richard H. Marsh: If you are talking about the contract between FES and the companies, it is 41.50. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Okay, and PPL price in the low to mid 90s. So I guess when you look at your plants relative to their plants and your load relative to their load, do you see a wider basis differential? Do you see, you know, you just price off a much different hub? Allegheny Energy, for instance, has said that the comparable price for them was around 75, because their plants are all the way in Southwest Pennsylvania.  I’m wondering contextually, as we look at your current contract price and we look at clear differences between your portfolio and your load versus their portfolio and their load, if there’s any way we can triangulate around an approximate comparable number. 
Richard H. Marsh: I certainly know where you are going with your question, Greg. I’m not sure if I can give you a much better answer in terms of specifically what the price might be, but if you look at projected demand growth and relative limits or relative options for new load coming up, I guess our feeling would be that the fundamentals seem to increase, the prices would remain relatively high over that period of time. But specifically what they may be within that pricing point, whatever, I just can’t go there right now with any degree of accuracy.  Tony, do you want to add anything to that, or -- 
Anthony J. Alexander: No, only that it’s pretty clear in 2011, we’ll no longer have to supply that requirement under the existing contract, and therefore that power can be placed into the market. Whether it is placed into the Ohio market or the Pennsylvania market will depend on where the price points are from our standpoint. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Okay, thank you, guys. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Paul Fremont of Jefferies. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Looking out into the future and maybe to the 2011 that you are talking about, there seems to be an awful big price differential right now between the Pennsylvania market and the Ohio market, especially given the 2008, 2009 PGM auction results. Is there an expectation that that price gap will ultimately close to the construction of transmission lines or the use of existing transmission lines to bring power from let’s say Ohio into Pennsylvania? 
Richard H. Marsh: I’m not sure there is even a relevant price point in Ohio at this point, since there’s not been any retail auctions for several years in Ohio, since the auctions we did a few years back. So I’m not sure it’s even comparable there.  Certainly different companies have talked about different transmission options between MISO and PGM and so forth. Whether any of those will happen or what timeframe, I really don’t know.  Typically there is somewhat of a spread. Ten dollars per megawatt hour is the number that gets bandied around something, but how that will persist over time is yet to be seen. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: And the second question I have is I guess earlier on a conference call, Duke sort of expressed that the Governor of Ohio has a fairly high priority energy in terms of new legislation. Can you comment at all as to how his proposal might deal with either an extension of your existing plan or going to market? 
Anthony J. Alexander: The Governor laid out some principles several months ago that are fairly consistent with what we have filed. I think the Governor is particularly interested in conservation, energy efficiency, and we are awaiting more definitive information from his staff and from him concerning which direction he’d like to move in with respect to those kinds of matters. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Charles Fishman of A. G. Edwards. 
Charles J. Fishman - A. G. Edwards: Good afternoon. Following the -- with the competitive bid process, you’ll have a hearing I believe on the 16th? 
Richard H. Marsh: Technical conference. 
Charles J. Fishman - A. G. Edwards: Technical conference, and then after that, briefs, reply briefs. Is that correct? 
Richard H. Marsh: The procedural schedule has not yet been established, Charles. 
Charles J. Fishman - A. G. Edwards: Okay. 
Richard H. Marsh: -- will be laying all that out. 
Charles J. Fishman - A. G. Edwards: Well, is it still -- I know at one time your strategy was to avoid any kind of formal testimony. Is that still the strategy? 
Richard H. Marsh: I’m not sure I understand. 
Charles J. Fishman - A. G. Edwards: Well, would there be like -- you know, in a traditional rate case, you’d have a lot of filings, a lot of testimony and there’s obviously not the, really the technical -- or not necessarily technical but the quantity of data obviously isn’t there with respect to the competitive bid filing. So is this a process that can be expedited and reach a decision pretty quickly so you can keep on your schedule to actually bid that first tranche this year? 
Anthony J. Alexander: Again, we’ve asked for a commission order in November of this year and that is going to require a movement through the process at a relatively good pace. I think the technical conference as a starting point is probably the way to help facilitate that as we try to get the questions of people answered in a more, kind of deal with the more technical aspects of it so we are not chasing necessarily issues that can be resolved pretty easily just by face-to-face conversation. 
Charles J. Fishman - A. G. Edwards: Are there any big industrial groups or other user groups that are against the competitive bid process at this point that have surfaced? 
Anthony J. Alexander: I don’t know who has intervened in that proceeding at this point. With respect to the processes that we’ve identified, I don’t quite -- quite frankly, I don’t know what the timeframe is for them to do that. It may extend until after the technical conference. I’m just not sure, Charles. 
Charles J. Fishman - A. G. Edwards: Okay, and at this point, from an answer you gave to a previous question, I assume the Governor’s office, his Director of Energy or the commission has not approached you to negotiate an extension of the rate certainty plan versus the, you know, in lieu of the competitive bid process. Is that -- I took that to be the case from your previous answer. Is that correct? 
Anthony J. Alexander: With all the discussion and conversation that is going on in Ohio, I would say that is on its face correct, but there is certainly a lot of discussion at the general assembly and with members, with the PUCO, with the Governor’s staff of what the future of Ohio might look like. 
Charles J. Fishman - A. G. Edwards: Okay, well, thank you. This will certainly be an interesting time to watch Ohio. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Steve Fleischman of Catapult Partners. 
Steve Fleischman - Catapult Partners: On the share repurchase plan, do you have some update on how far along the banks are in completing that plan? 
Richard H. Marsh: Well, the shares came off our books the day we executed the ASR. [CEPO], they are out there covering their short position. There is a pricing grid in the mechanism, Steve. We haven’t disclosed what those price points are but obviously as the stock price goes down, the number of shares purchased go up. I think we said this program would be completed probably, depending on where the stock price is, later this year and that expectation is still -- 
Steve Fleischman - Catapult Partners: Okay, but would there be any update, for example, in your Q on that? 
Richard H. Marsh: No. 
Steve Fleischman - Catapult Partners: Okay, and then is there, along some of the other questions, this may have been answered already; is there any update on your hedging in Pennsylvania? 
Richard H. Marsh: Are you talking about energy hedging? 
Steve Fleischman - Catapult Partners: Correct. 
Richard H. Marsh: Capacity hedging, or all of the above? 
Steve Fleischman - Catapult Partners: I guess the whole picture. 
Richard H. Marsh: There’s really no changes in that. I think we’ve talked about that in the past. There’s been nothing new to report there. 
Steve Fleischman - Catapult Partners: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Hugh Wynne of Sanford Bernstein. 
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Good morning. I was wondering if you had any views regarding the legislative initiative in Illinois to phase in the increase in the rates of Exelon and [Ambren], and whether that has implications for legislative action, similar legislative action in Ohio and Pennsylvania with respect to rate transitions to market in those states, or whether you feel that’s an isolated Illinois event and that Ohio and Pennsylvania are unlikely to take a lesson from that. 
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, the fact of the matter is, Hugh, as part of our generation filing, we proposed to phase in, in the event that the rates exceed 15%, the increase would exceed 15% for certain residential tariffs. I think we’ve tried to address that as what it is. It is just kind of a political transition to make it a little easier on customers. We thought about it when we made our filing and I think we’ve addressed it and I believe Ohio has the tools to allow that to happen. 
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: I think my question was more towards the mood, let’s say, of the legislators in the two states and whether you saw a sort of popular stance to utility sentiment as strong, and whether you expected therefore the type of legislative intervention and conflict, frankly, that we’ve seen in Illinois. 
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, again, I think we try to manage that through dealing with issues hopefully before they become that type of political issue, like a phase in, like our phase in proposal would accomplish. 
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, and then just a final question on that point -- do you see the transition to market rates in Ohio as being managed on a company-by-company basis, or do you see some kind of statewide policy likely to be implemented? 
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, I think we have a statewide policy right now that says we are going to market. I think every individual company might choose to get there. For example, I think AEP and Mike in his most recent conference call talked in terms of moving to market in a stepped process, in which the difference between market prices and price to actual customers would be deferred and collected as a regulatory asset. That’s another way to get to the same point.  I think there is the potential to do that, with the goal ultimately being moving in the direction of market prices. That’s effectively what we propose when we say we are going to phase in if the price gets above 15%. We put the step in at that level. 
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Right. Okay, good. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Paul Ridzon of Key Bank. 
Paul Ridzon - Key Bank : The Ohio questions have been asked, just more near term, it looks like trailing 12, we’re at about the top end of your guidance. Aside from Perry, which was a surprise, is there anything else in the back half of the year that we need to be thinking about with regards to maybe potential detractors from earnings? 
Richard H. Marsh: The two things I had mentioned, Paul, were just the Perry outage and the mild weather we saw during July in this part of the service territory. Otherwise, no. 
Paul Ridzon - Key Bank : No incremental nuke outages or refuelings or -- 
Richard H. Marsh: No. 
Paul Ridzon - Key Bank : Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Dan Jenkins of State of Wisconsin Investment Board. 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Good afternoon. First, just a clarification; I missed, you talked about your second half financing. I think you mentioned a $600 million long-term issue. If you could just run through those details again real quickly. 
Richard H. Marsh: What I had said again is that we have about $600 million of unsecured debt issued out of our operating companies during the second half of the year. We are still working on exactly when, where, who and how but that is our expectation. 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay, and then related to that, your financing of the financial lease back, did that pretty much take care of all your short-term refinancing, of that short-term debt? 
Richard H. Marsh: Yes. Those proceeds were applied to reduce short-term debt, so we have our liquidity where we want it to be and in fact, that will continue to improve during the year, so we are in good shape there. 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay, and then I was wondering about the Perry, the unplanned outage. Could you give me just kind of some details as to what happened to cause that outage, and then if there are any issues that the NRC is looking at related to that outage? 
Richard H. Marsh: What happened was a circulation pump motor in the recirculation system, a large motor, I think it’s about 30 tons, failed. This happens from time to time, which is why we had a spare there which we were able to take out and put in. It was a big project. This is a big piece of equipment. You have to move a lot of things to get it out of the containment and put the new one in. An unfortunate circumstance which is one of those random things that happens from time to time and that’s why we had the spare in place ready to go when those kinds of things do happen.  But that was completed, no NRC implications from that. 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay, and then I was curious on the $0.25 increase at the generation. You mentioned that was both due to higher volume and higher prices. I was wondering if you could break that down between the two pieces -- how much was volume and how much was prices? 
Richard H. Marsh: Hang on just a second here -- of the retail generation sales, let’s see -- $0.16 and $0.09 from the wholesale sales. I think most of that was rate driven -- all of that was rate driven. 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay, and then just the decline in the wholesale, is that primarily due to the plant outages or -- 
Richard H. Marsh: Yes. 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. I think that’s all I had then. 
Operator: Thank you. There appear to be no more questions at this time. I will turn the floor back to your host, Mr. Rich Marsh, for any closing remarks. 
Richard H. Marsh: Thanks, Cheryl. I just again want to thank everybody for their time today and their continued support and interest in FirstEnergy. If anybody has any follow-up questions, please feel free to get a hold of our investor relations group and I hope everybody has a great day. Thank you for your time. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s FirstEnergy Corp. second quarter earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-05-03 13:00:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-02-20 14:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Kurt E. Turosky - Director, Investor Relations   Anthony J. Alexander - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director   Richard H. Marsh - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President   Harvey L. Wagner - Vice President and Controller 
Analysts: Paul Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets   Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates   Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board   Stephen Huang - Citadel Investment Group 
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Sharona and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the FirstEnergy Corp. fourth quarter 2006 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. (Operator Instructions)  It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Kurt Turosky, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference. 
Kurt E. Turosky: Thank you, Sharona. During this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp. are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated report to the financial community which was release earlier today and is also available on our website under the earnings release link.  Reconciliations to GAAP for the various non-GAAP financial measures we will be referring to today are also contained in that report as well as on the investor information section of our website at www.firstenergycorp.com/ir.  Participating in today’s call are Tony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Rich Marsh, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Harvey Wagner, Vice President and Controller; Jim Pearson, Vice President and Treasurer; and Ron Seeholzer, Vice President of Investor Relations.  I will now turn the call over to Tony Alexander. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Anthony J. Alexander: Thanks, Kurt, and good afternoon, everyone. I will begin the call today by highlighting our achievements in 2006 and then Rich will discuss our fourth quarter financial results and touch on a few regulatory matters.  Let me start by saying that 2006 was a milestone year for FirstEnergy as we achieved our strongest financial and operational performance since the formation of the company nearly a decade ago.  This was evidenced in our 2006 normalized non-GAAP earnings of $3.88 per share, which exceeded the top-end of our October 25th guidance of $3.75 to $3.85 per share. Net cash from operating activities exceeded $1.9 billion and our stock appreciation plus reinvested dividends produced a total return for shareholders of 27.2%.  This favorable performance enabled several developments that will continue to build value for our investors. In August, we repurchased 10.6 million shares of common stock, and in January of this year, the Board approved the repurchase of up to an additional 16 million shares. Combined, these programs represent about 8% of the shares outstanding before the first repurchase. In December, we announced our fourth dividend increase since March, 2005. The new dividend of $0.50 per quarter is an 11.1% increase from the prior level.  These strong financial results were driven by an equally strong operational performance. We had our safest year ever in 2006, with an OSHA rate of 0.97 incidents per 100 employees, one of the best in the industry. Our record generation output of 82 million megawatt-hours represented a 2.2% increase over the record established in 2005.  Our base load fossil plants achieved a capacity factor of 89%, which was their third top decile performance in as many years and represents almost a 92% capacity factor when scheduled outages were excluded.  We also successfully completed three planned outages at our nuclear facilities, including the replacement of the steam generators and reactor vessel head at Beaver Valley Unit 1, which was accomplished in record time.  We added 99 megawatts of capacity to our system during the year, with upgrades at Beaver Valley, Davis-Besse, and our Bruce Mansfield facilities, and we plan to add an additional 130 megawatts of base load capacity and about 200 megawatts of peaking capacity over the next two years.  On the wire side of our business, we produced top decile performance in our transmission operations and improved our distribution performance by reducing the average duration of customer outages by 20%.  During the year, we also continued to make important progress on our regulatory agenda. We began recovery of incremental Midwest system operator costs, or MISO costs, in Ohio and recently received approval to begin recovery of incremental PGM costs in Pennsylvania.  We also received approval to recover JCP&L’s deferred cost related to mandated contracts with non-utility generation suppliers, and successfully transitioned our Penn Power subsidiary to market-based pricing for generation.  To set the stage for continued progress, and to ensure effective succession planning, last week we announced organizational changes involving some of our key executives. These moves help us prepare for retirements that will happen in the near future and expand the skills and responsibilities of our senior team and providing them with new and challenging assignments.  2006 was a good year for FirstEnergy, with the company being in the best financial position I have seen in my 34 years here and delivering top quartile performance in key measures across our operations. As we begin 2007, we remain focused on our key strategic goals of: first, managing the transition to competitive generation markets in Ohio and Pennsylvania; second, realizing the full potential of our assets; third, controlling commodity costs and risks; and finally, further enhancing our financial strength and flexibility.  We are a stronger company than we have ever been and we are well-prepared for whatever the future may hold.  Now I will turn the call over to Rich to discuss our fourth quarter results. 
Richard H. Marsh: Thank you, Tony and good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for being with us today. As I begin my review, it might be helpful for you to refer to our consolidated report to the financial community that we issued earlier this morning.  Let’s get started with a review of fourth quarter results. Earnings on a GAAP basis in the fourth quarter were $0.85 per share, compared to $0.58 per share during the same period in 2005.  Normalized non-GAAP earnings were $0.84 per share, excluding the net effect of unusual items that increased earnings by $0.01 per share. The unusual items involved a net gain of $11 million related to the sale of non-core assets partially offset by an impairment of securities held in our nuclear decommissioning trusts.  Our normalized non-GAAP earnings of $0.84 in the fourth quarter compared favorably to normalized non-GAAP earnings of $0.77 per share in the same period in 2005. This improvement was primarily driven by our Ohio rate plans, which increased earnings by $0.23 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2005, and the deferral of PJM transmission expenses, which increased earnings by $0.09 per share.  Other positive drivers included the $0.07 per share benefit from reduced net transmission costs and a $0.01 per share benefit from lower post-retirement healthcare costs. In addition, the reduction in shares outstanding following the accelerated share repurchase of $10.6 million shares in August enhanced earnings by $0.02 per share.  Partially offsetting these factors were: a $0.05 per share decrease in distribution delivery revenues, reflecting heating degree days that were 15% below the level of the prior year; a $0.03 per share decline in generation revenues, driven primarily by lower wholesale market prices; a $0.05 per share increase in fuel expenses from higher fossil generation output and increased coal prices; a $0.07 per share increase in purchased power and an $0.08 per share increase in nuclear OEM, both primarily resulting from the refueling outage at Beaver Valley Two compared to no refueling outage in the fourth quarter of the prior year; a $0.05 per share increase in financing costs; and a $0.01 per share increase in depreciation expense.  Total generation sales were flat compare with the fourth quarter of 2005, with a 5% increase in retail sales being offset by an 18% reduction in wholesale sales.  During the period, we continued to execute our plan to reduce debt at the holding company and appropriately capitalize our regulated utility companies. In November, we redeemed the remaining $600 million of our $1 billion 5.5% holding company senior notes, primarily funded with short-term debt and the proceeds of share repurchases by Toledo Edison and Cleveland Electric.  We also transferred about $878 million of our pollution control revenue bonds from our Ohio utilities and Penn Power to our generation companies. This brings the total amount of pollution control debt transferred from the utilities to the generating companies to $1.4 billion, with an additional $700 million remaining to be transferred opportunistically during 2007 and 2008.  We ended the year with an adjusted debt-to-capital ratio of about 58% on a consolidated basis and that includes a decrease in the equity ratio of about 100 basis points, resulting from the adoption of FAS-158 during the year.  Consistent with our commitment to maintain solid, investment-grade credit profiles, we plan to maintain leverage in that general range going forward, although the debt ratio may tick up somewhat during 2007 and 2008, primarily as a result of our heavy environmental spend in that period. We would expect it to decline after 2008.  Our financing plan for 2007 focuses on several major elements. These are: executing the repurchase of up to 16 million shares of common stock as authorized by the Board in January of this year; securing an investment-grade credit rating for our FirstEnergy Solutions business unit and establishing that entity as a separate SEC registrant; completing the sale and leaseback of the owned portion of Mansfield Unit 1; issuing about $1.2 billion of long-term senior notes at Cleveland Electric, Met Ed, JCP&L and Penn Elect to fund debt maturities, repurchase utility stock and repay short-term debt; and finally, transferring a portion of the remaining pollution control debt from our regulated utilities to our generating companies.  Now let me touch on a few regulatory updates. The Pennsylvania Public Utility Commissions issued its order on the Met Ed/Penn Elect transmission plan cases on January 11th. We were disappointed that the commission denied our request regarding generation rates and additional note deferrals. The recovery of incremental PJM transmission costs, which was allowed, will reduce the delivery risk associated with our obligation in Pennsylvania.  Several parties to the proceeding, including Met Ed and Penn Elect, have filed petitions for reconsideration of the order with the commission. The commission has granted these petitions to provide themselves more time to further consider the merits of the reconsideration request. Because of that ruling, parties now have 30 days after the commission rules on the merits of the petitions to file appeals with the Commonwealth court.  Met Ed and Penn Elect have separately requested to correct on a retroactive basis the determination of a NUG accounting issue and the aim of this proceeding is to eliminate improper reductions of the deferred cost balance during periods in which market prices exceed our payments to NUGs. The value at issue in this request is about $40 million for the period 1999 to 2006 and that case will go to hearing tomorrow.  On January 31st, we issued our earnings guidance for 2007. Our non-GAAP earnings guidance is $4.05 to $4.25 per share. GAAP earnings are expected to be $0.05 per share higher than that, or $4.10 to $4.30. The non-GAAP guidance reflects the normalization of a regulatory asset created this year regarding the recovery of costs incurred in prior years for the decommissioning of the Saxton experimental nuclear unit.  On page two of this quarter’s consolidated report, we did provide our estimate of the quarterly earnings pattern for our 2007 guidance.  Before we start the Q&A, I would like to remind everyone that the presentations from our February 1st analysts meeting, as well as a link to the meeting’s webcast, are available on the investor relations section of our corporate website and I encourage those of you who were not able to attend the meeting to review that information, as it provides a full briefing of the company’s operations and outlook by many members of our senior executive team.  In closing, we were pleased with FirstEnergy's performance in 2006 and remain enthusiastic about our future. We believe that FirstEnergy is well-positioned to continue to deliver shareholder value and we appreciate your continued support and interest.  I will now ask Sharona to open the call to questions from analysts. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions)  Our first question is coming from Paul Ridzon from Key Bank. 
Paul Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets: Rich, I was wondering if you have made any progress in deciding how you might want to take these additional 16 million shares in and the timing of that decision. 
Richard H. Marsh: I think we have made some progress, Paul. We have to push the 10K out before we go forward with the share repurchase, but that will be done towards the end of next week, I believe. I am still thinking that the share repurchase is going to be a first quarter event and we would expect that the bulk of it would be through an ASR structure, similar to what we did before. 
Paul Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets: Do we need to have some sense of finality around the leasebacks before we see that? 
Richard H. Marsh: No, we don’t. 
Paul Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets: Then, just the strategic rational behind putting solutions in a standalone SEC reporting entity. 
Richard H. Marsh: I think in part it is to give more clarity to the investment community. It will also enable them to down the road issue debt, which is an important part of our financing plan longer term. Obviously as we move towards a competitive generation market, FirstEnergy Solutions is going to be a very large driver of our earnings, so we want to make sure that we get prepared for that. 
Paul Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question will be coming from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I just wanted to follow up on Paul Ridzon’s question with respect to the previous accelerated repurchase program, is J.P. Morgan finished with their buy-back? 
Richard H. Marsh: They are not finished but I believe we said they will be finished by the end of next month. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, thanks a lot. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions)  Our next question will be coming from Dan Jenkins from State of Wisconsin. 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Good afternoon. I have a couple of things here. I am looking at your income statement, both for the quarter and the year, other operating expenses is down about $55 million in the quarter and $104 million for the year. If you could give a little color on what was behind that. 
Richard H. Marsh: Do you want to do that, Harvey? 
Harvey L. Wagner: Sure. A lot of that reflects the reduction in transmissions costs in our MISO and PJM markets, and also the reductions that we have been experiencing in our employee benefit costs. 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: So lower transmission and then lower employee costs. I was curious on the pollution control, how much still remains at the operating company that is available to transfer over to the -- 
Richard H. Marsh: A little less than $700 million, Dan, and we will do that opportunistically in 2007 and 2008. 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Then, on this FirstEnergy Solutions, what is in that entity? Is that just the merchant part of the business or are the plants there too? 
Richard H. Marsh: It contains all of our competitive business. As you may remember, at the end of 2005, we transferred ownership of our generating assets from our regulated utility companies over to FES, so they are all contained within FES as our competitive retail business. 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay, so all the non -- okay. And then, you may have said it but I didn’t get it down; what did you say your target adjusted equity ratio was going to be going forward? 
Richard H. Marsh: Going forward obviously we want to make sure we maintain investment grade metrics and debt-to-total-cap is one of the things the rating agencies look at. Obviously they look at other measures as well.  What I said is by the end of -- or, I’m sorry, at the end of 2006 we had an adjusted debt-to-total-cap ratio of 58% and that includes the off-balance sheet items that the rating agencies consider to be on credit, so it is a higher number than what you would see in our financial statements.  Also, I mentioned that was about 100 basis points higher than it otherwise would have been because of the adoption of FAS-158 during the year. 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay, and what is the effect of the Mansfield transaction? Would that make that go up or would it not really have much of an effect? Do you have a sense of that? 
Richard H. Marsh: That will bump that up for a period of time and that is why I mentioned, as a result of our capital spending program primarily, I would expect to see that creep up somewhat over the ’07 and ’08 period and then decline again thereafter, but still maintaining well within the investment grade range. 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: The last thing I was wondering, it looks like -- for the year in particular, I am looking at -- the industrial sales were down about 1.4% and particularly weak in New Jersey it looked like. They were down 7.9%. Just if you could give us some color on what the industrial sales situation looks like in your service territories. 
Richard H. Marsh: I do not know specifically the New Jersey situation. We have a very small industrial load in New Jersey, so any little change could have a big percentage impact on that. Overall I think probably you are seeing, as much as anything, just a reflection of the auto industry during the year. A lot of our manufacturing is related to auto in one way or another -- steel, glass, so I think that is probably as much of what we are seeing as anything. 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question will be coming from Stephen Huang from Citadel. 
Stephen Huang - Citadel Investment Group: Just a quick question here on the share buy-back. Your authorized last year was for 12 million shares, but you only used 10.6 in the ASR. Does the remaining 1.4 carry over to the new 16? 
Richard H. Marsh: No, what we said is the new program supercedes the old program, Stephen, so what that means is the old program is done at approximately 10.5. The new program will be up to 16. 
Stephen Huang - Citadel Investment Group: Okay, and the ASR will be like last year, it will not be for the full amount but it will probably be for -- 
Richard H. Marsh: Well, it could be even for the full amount. It will definitely be for a large chunk of it, if not all of it. 
Stephen Huang - Citadel Investment Group: Would you guys do it on a shorter time horizon than the last one or would it be similar in terms of how long you stretch out the buy-back? 
Richard H. Marsh: Well, it is a pretty big sized program, considerably larger than last year’s, so I would not expect that it would be done in less time, and probably take a little more time, just because of the size of it. 
Stephen Huang - Citadel Investment Group: Any announcements from your discussions with the IRS or other people in regards to the lease treatment on the -- is there going to be a capital operating? 
Harvey L. Wagner: Stephen, we have not had any discussions with the Internal Revenue Service. We would not anticipate that. We are working toward having it be an operating lease. We will not know that until we actually have a final structure in place. 
Stephen Huang - Citadel Investment Group: Is the cost of the lease embedded in your guidance right now, like any lease payments? 
Harvey L. Wagner: Yes. 
Richard H. Marsh: Yes, it is, Stephen. 
Stephen Huang - Citadel Investment Group: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions)  We have a follow-up question coming from Paul Ridzon from Key Bank. 
Paul Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets: Will there be a true-up component from the previous buy-back, depending on what the average share price is? 
Richard H. Marsh: Yes, there is a settlement process involved, Paul. That is a cash event. It is not an earnings event, but yes. 
Paul Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets: It will not be an earnings event? 
Richard H. Marsh: No. 
Paul Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets: What was the assumed JR price when you did that? 
Richard H. Marsh: $56.44 was the share price on the day that we executed the ASR. 
Paul Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets: I guess it is a good problem to have, this true-up? 
Richard H. Marsh: It is a great problem to have. We will take those all day. 
Paul Ridzon - Key Bank Capital Markets: Thank you. 
Richard H. Marsh: I think that is it. We appreciate everybody’s time today. If anybody has any follow-up questions, please feel free to contact us. We appreciate you being on the call today and as always, we appreciate your support and interest in FirstEnergy. Thanks very much and have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today’s FirstEnergy fourth quarter 2006 earnings conference. You may now disconnect. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-10-25 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Kurt Turosky, Director of Investor Relations Rich Marsh - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Anthony J. Alexander - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Harvey Wagner, Vice President and Controller
Analysts: Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Greg Gordon - Citigroup Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Paul Fremont – Jefferies David Frank - Pequot Capital Management Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein Stephen Wong - Citadel Investment Group John Kennedy - Deutsche Bank Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board James Ferguson - AIG
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, my name is Pam and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the FirstEnergy Corp. Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] It is my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Kurt Turosky, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Kurt Turosky, Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, Pam. During this conference call we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings performance, strategy, prospects and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp. are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statement. Please read the Safe Harbor Statement contained in the consolidated reports of financial community which was released earlier today and is also available on our Website under the earnings release link. Reconciliations to GAAP for various non-GAAP financial measures we will be referring to you today are also contained in that report as well as on the investor information section of our Website, which was recently redesigned to enhance its content and capability. We encourage you to check out the new site at www.FirstEnergycorp.com/IR. Participating in today’s call are Tony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer, Rich Marsh, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Harvey Wagner, Vice President and Controller; Jim Pearson, Vice President and Treasurer; and Ron Seeholzer, Vice President of Investor Relations. I will now turn the call over to Rich Marsh.
Rich Marsh - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Kurt. Good afternoon everyone thanks for being with us today. I’ll start our call today by providing an overview of our third quarter earnings results and financial activities, then I’ll turn the call over to Tony to provide updates on our operational performance and regulatory initiatives. Information regarding our third quarter results was provided earlier today in our consolidated reports to the financial community and it might be helpful to refer to that during the call. Let’s get started with our third quarter financial results. We’ll refer to earnings and cash flow results on a non-GAAP basis in reconciliations to the comparable GAAP financial measures are available in the consolidated report as well as in the investor information section on our Website. Earnings on a GAAP basis in the third quarter of 2006 were $1.41 per share compared to GAAP earnings of $1.01 per share in the third quarter of 2005. Normalized non-GAAP earnings in the third quarter of this year were $1.42 per share excluding the net affect of two unusual items that reduced earnings by $0.01 per share. The first unusual item involved a pretax charge of $10 million or $0.02 per share related to an August 18th Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission order requiring Met-Ed and Penelec to discontinue an accounting modification for deferred purchase power costs implemented at the end of last year. The amount normalized relates to those costs deferred in 2005. The order indicated that the companies could petition the commission to implement the desired accounting change and we’ve already done that. The second unusual item relates to a $0.01 per share after-tax benefit from the sale and impairment of our noncore assets in our FE facilities group. This quarter’s non-GAAP earnings of $1.32 compare favorably to the normalized non-GAAP earnings of $1.04 in the same period last year. Similar to the results in the first half of the year, the improvement was largely driven by the impacts of our Ohio rate plans, deferral of PJM transmission expense, and continued favorable operational performance. Specifically, the contributions to earnings from the Ohio rate plans compared to the third quarter of last year include reduction in transition costs of amortization of $0.24 primarily reflecting the end of generation transition cost recovery in 2005, a deferral of $0.07 per share of costs related to distribution reliability spending, and a deferral of $0.08 per share of incremental fuel expenses. These contributions were partially offset by a $0.09 per share reduction in earnings related to the rate stabilization charge discount provided to our Ohio shopping customers. Another key contributor during the quarter related to the deferral of PJM transmission costs that are not being currently recovered from our customers and that increased earnings by $0.10 per share. Other positive drivers included a $0.07 per share benefit from reduced net transmission costs primarily due to lower congestion in the PJM market and higher MISO revenue, a $0.03 per share reduction in fuel and related expenses, including coal transportation and emission allowance costs, a $0.01 per share reduction in purchase power costs, a $0.04 per share change in estimated taxes payable related primarily to the recently filed 2005 federal income tax return, and a continuing phase out of the Ohio income tax, and a $0.02 per share benefit from lower energy delivery expenses and non-electric commodity transactions. In addition, the reduction in shares outstanding from the accelerated share repurchase of $10.6 million shares in August enhanced earnings by $0.02 per share. Factors that partially offset these favorable impacts included a $0.05 per share in distribution delivery revenue as calling days were 20% lower than during the same period last year, a $0.09 per share decrease in generation revenues driven primarily by lower wholesale market prices and lower generation sales. A $0.04 per share net reduction in the investment income from our nuclear decommissioning trusts and corporate owned life insurance, and a $0.04 per share increase in financing cost primarily attributable to higher share term borrowing to fund the accelerated share repurchase, higher variable interest rates, and the absence of gains on reacquired debt that were realized during the third quarter of 2005. Total generation sales declined 1% to the third quarter of last year as an increase in retail sales was more than offset by a reduction in wholesale sales. This change in our generation sales mix is related to the return of shopping customers to our Ohio utilities at the end of last year, following the departure of some competitive generation providers. This reduced shopping at our Ohio utilities from 38% in the third quarter of last year to 17% this year. Let me now touch on a few financing-related items. Two key activities in the quarter included the implementation of a new five-year credit facility and the accelerated share repurchase program. In August, we entered into a new five-year syndicated credit facility totaling two and three quarters billion dollars. This replaced our prior $2 billion facility and provides a 10 basis point annual savings on facilities related borrowing costs. Under the new arrangement, we can request an increase in total commitments to a maximum of $3.25 billion as well as three separate one-year extension options that can take the term out to 2013. This was a good opportunity for us to take advantage of strong bank markets to improve our liquidity and financial flexibility. The other significant development during the quarter from the financial perspective was the August 10th repurchase of 10.6 million shares for about 3.2% of our outstanding common stock through an accelerated share repurchase program with an affiliate of J.P. Morgan Securities. The initial purchase price under the ASR was $56.44 per share or $600 million in total. Under the agreement, the final purchase price will be adjusted to reflect the affiliate’s ultimate cost to acquire the shares over a period of up to seven months. The share repurchase was initially funded with short-term debt. Looking toward the fourth quarter, we’ll continue to execute our financing plan that’s largely focused on capital structure management. This will include reducing long-term debt at the holding company as outstanding issues mature, including the $600 million of remaining 5.5% FirstEnergy senior notes that come due in November and the issuance of additional debt at certain of our operating utilities to achieve capital structures that are appropriate in a regulatory context. On a consolidated basis, we expect to end the year with an adjusted debt-to-capital ratio of about 56% to 57% and our intent going forward is to maintain debt in that approximate range, consistent with our commitment to a solid investment grade credit profile. Now I’ll turn the call over to Tony to provide updates on operational and regulatory matters and also to address the revision in our annual earnings guidance.
Anthony J. Alexander - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Thanks Rich. Good afternoon everyone and thanks for joining us. During the quarter, our generating units continued to demonstrate strong performance. We established a new year-to-date generation output record of 61.9 million megawatt hours and we remain on track to establish a new annual output record this year of approximately 82 million megawatt hours. We’re also making good progress in realizing the full potential of our assets through power uprates at several of our units. In August, Beaver Valley Unit 1 increased its net capability by 3% from 821 to 846 megawatts. This was the first phase of its NRC approved 8% uprate program. The remainder of the 8% uprate is expected to be completed in early 2007. At Beaver Valley Unit 2, modifications are also being made during the current refueling outage to prepare that unit for an 8% increase in generation capacity. When this unit returns to service, an initial 3% uprate is expected to take affect with the balance to be implemented during the next refueling outage in 2008. Earlier this year, we also achieved a 14 megawatt increase at the Davis Besse nuclear plant and on the Fossil site, we are in the process of implementing a 50 megawatt uprate at Unit 2 of our Bruce Mansfield plant, similar to the 50 megawatt uprate we accomplished at Unit 1 during the fourth quarter of last year. Moving on to the regulatory matters, I’ll start with an update on our Metropolitan Edison and Pennsylvania Electric transition plan cases. With the completion of evidentiary hearings in August and the legal briefing process completed earlier this month, these cases are now before the administrative law judge. We expect the ALJ recommended decision by November 8th, following which the parties will have an opportunity to file exceptions to that recommendation. We expect to receive a final decision from the Pennsylvania public utility commission by mid-January of next year. As part of Met-Ed and Penelec’s transition cases including the need to procure more of their provider of last resort supply for the market, the company secured approximately 950 megawatts of supply for the period December 1, 2006, through December 31, 2008 under a competitive request for proposal. Recovery of the incremental costs of this supply is one component of the transition plan cases. The prices secured in the RFP were slightly lower than what we estimated in those transition cases. And accordingly, if our plan is approved, those lower than expected supply costs will be passed through to customers. Turning to our Pennsylvania Power subsidiary, last week the Pennsylvania public utility commission certified the results of the competitive RFP process that will complete the transition to market-based generation supply for that company. The RFP secured the provider of last resort supply for the period January 1, 2007, through March 31, 2008, for customers who don’t choose alternative suppliers. On the New Jersey regulatory front, an evidentiary hearing was held in September regarding JCP&L’s request to recover $165 million of above market non-utility generator costs incurred from August 1, 2003, through December 31, 2005. If approved, this would increase cash flow but would be neutral to earnings. Settlement conferences were held earlier this month and the main briefs are scheduled to be filed on October 30th. Reply briefs are scheduled to be filed on November 20, and an order by the New Jersey Board is expected early next year. In closing I believe the third quarter represented another solid performance for FirstEnergy, both financially and operationally. This result enables us to revise our 2006 normalized non-GAAP earnings guidance to $3.75 to $3.85 per share, which is at the top half of our prior guidance of $3.65 to $3.85 per share. We’re also maintaining our non-GAAP cash generation guidance at $460 million after capital expenditures and common dividends. Going forward, we’ll continue to maintain our focus on realizing the full potential of our asset base, efficiently reinvesting in the business to enhance system reliability, achieving timely regulatory recovery of our costs, and effectively managing the transition to competitive generation markets. I appreciate your time and interest in FirstEnergy, and I’ll now ask the operator to open the call to questions from analysts. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Paul Patterson, from Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good afternoon, guys. Can you hear me?
Anthony J. Alexander: Hi, Paul, you’re coming in fine.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Great. I just wanted to touch basically on two of the earnings items and a quick question on Pennsylvania. One was the net MISO PJM transmission cost is $0.07 which you saw this quarter. If you could just elaborate a little bit more on what kind of conditions led to that lower congestion and how you see higher MISO revenues -- how you see that going forward? And then on the taxes, that $0.04 benefit, is that something we’ll see showing up going forward, or is that sort of a one-time kind of thing?
Rich Marsh: Let me start off by answering your question, Paul, about the MISO/PJM costs. I think what we’re seeing is lower congestion cost as a result of lower load which resulted from lower weather basically throughout the region. There tends to be somewhat of a relationship, that was definitely one of the driving factors. And you get a little bit of an extreme comparison between 3Q ‘06 and 3Q ‘05. The weather during the summer of 2005 was much more extreme than this year loads were much heavier, congestion costs were much higher. What you’re seeing in part here is a comparison between a relatively average third quarter of this year versus a fairly extreme weather quarter last year.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And then on the taxes?
Harvey Wagner: And Paul, this is Harvey Wagner. On the tax question, just going with the component of two things $0.01 of the first cent related to the phase-out of the Ohio income tax. And that trend will continue throughout the period ending 2009. The other $0.03 really relates to an item for our 2005 income tax return that was filed this year and it really relates to 2005. So, that $0.03 per share is really already baked into our earnings guidance on an annual basis, but that’s kind of an amount that really applied to last year.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And in terms of -- I guess I want to touch base on Pennsylvania. You mentioned sort of the litigation schedule. And I was wondering, is there any possibility -- or what do you think that possibility of a settlement is in that jurisdiction with respect to this case, or do you see this basically being fully litigated?
Rich Marsh: I think the easiest way at this point to say the case is now before the administrative law judge and I would expect that the resolution will be through that process to the commission.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, thanks a lot.
Rich Marsh: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you, your next question is from Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Good afternoon, can you hear me?
Rich Marsh: Hi, Paul, yep. Can hear you fine.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Looks like when you gave 3Q guidance in the past quarter, you came in above that. Just wondering where you saw the outperformance? And then as we look at kind of 4Q guidance, the top end is modestly above last year. Just wondering what maybe the negative drivers are given the performance year-to-date? And then on a separate issue, just wondering about any type of legislative activity you’re seeing in Ohio?
Rich Marsh: Let me take a shot at that. First, the strong results we saw in the third quarter, Paul, allowed us to be comfortable narrowing our annual guidance to that top end of the range, $3.75 to $3.85. Now that we’ve got actual results for the first three quarters, it becomes a mathematical exercise if you will to determine what your guidance is for the fourth quarter. That becomes a fallout, just subtracting one from the other. So, that led us to the revised fourth quarter guidance of $0.71 to $0.81. I think when we gave our revised guidance back, I believe it was in early August. Since that time, there’s been some migration of items from the fourth quarter into the third quarter that benefited third quarter earnings, but won’t have an impact on 2006 as a whole. When you look 4Q ‘06 versus 4Q ‘05, there are a couple of things that drive that difference. One is that we do have a refueling outage in the fourth quarter of 2006, that’s Beaver Valley 2. There was no refueling outage in the fourth quarter of last year. We’re also seeing as we’ve discussed before somewhat lower wholesale sales margins, both volume and price impacts, a little bit of higher financial fuel costs, a little bit of higher financing cost, and the fourth quarter 2005 weather was a little more extreme than normal. So that’s what really gives you the contrast between those two years. As far as the Ohio question, Tony, would you like to address that? The Ohio legislation question.
Anthony J. Alexander: I don’t think there is any legislation pending at this point.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Are we hearing any discussions from the legislators, or anybody thinking about what happens next?
Anthony J. Alexander: I think most of the members of the general assembly are concentrating on November 7th and what’s required for that process. There’s not been a lot of talk during the political season that I can see with respect to this issue. With respect to the regulatory issues.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Okay, thank you very much.
Rich Marsh: Thanks, Paul. 
Operator: Thank you, your next question from Greg Gordon of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thanks, good morning, gentleman. 
Rich Marsh: Hi, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: I just want to make sure I understand what’s going on in Pennsylvania. Penn Power had the procurement auction. It’s my understanding that the results were already approved and the rate increases has already been approved by the Pennsylvania PC, correct?
Rich Marsh: That is correct. But on the Met-Ed and Penelec, you’ve gone through an RFP process, you’ve procured 950 megawatts of energy and capacity, it’s slightly lower than what you had baked into the filing, but that as not of and in itself has been approved by the regulators, correct?
Rich Marsh: That was part of our plan, Paul -- Greg. What you say is correct. That process has been completed. Winning prices and bidders weren’t disclosed as you said its slightly lower than what we had estimated in our transition case. Assuming our plan gets approved, that benefit would then flow through to customers next year.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: But there is a risk that the regulators don’t approve the entire increase, then that would impact the P&L of the two distribution utilities if that were to happen, correct?
Rich Marsh: Yeah.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Okay, thank you. 
Rich Marsh: Thank you, Greg. 
Operator: Thank you, your next question is from Ashar Khan of SAC Capital.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Good afternoon and congratulations.
Rich Marsh: Hi, Ashar how are you?
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Rich, could you just quantify -- I was trying to look at the delta to transition cost to amortization, the deferred distribution costs, what kind of numbers do you expect -- I know we have the reporter numbers for the first three quarters, but what are the numbers we can expect for the whole year for those two line items?
Rich Marsh: Let me grab those, Ashar. We’ve got that, Kurt? 
Kurt Turosky: Yeah, Ashar, when we talk -- this is Kurt Turosky. When we talk about the transition cost to amortization, we had talked initially about $0.80 for the year, and that was probably going to be offset by about a $0.25 decline for the rate stabilization charge discount, so a net increase of about $0.50 or so. So if you lokk at on a year-to-date basis, I believe we’re at about $0.62 on the transaction cost amortization line by itself. That number could go up towards the $0.80 number for the year, like we talked about.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay.
Kurt Turosky: The stable stabilization charge discount on a year-to-date basis, we’re at about $0.20, so that $0.25 to $0.30, so get another $0.07 in the fourth quarter probably.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. I was just trying to make a sense whether you were running ahead of schedule on that or no?
Kurt Turosky: No.
Rich Marsh: And I think on the distribution deferred cost, if you recall, the order allows us to defer up to $150 million for the year and I think that’s pretty spread over the quarters. So you should see a similar impact in the fourth quarter that you did in the first three quarters.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay, thank you very much.
Rich Marsh: Thanks, Ashar.
Operator: Thank you, your next question comes from Paul Fremont of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies: Hi, thank you. Just following up on Paul Patterson’s question earlier on Pennsylvania, is there any precedent where the Pennsylvania commission through a litigated decision has adjusted the pricing during the sixth grade period, or have all of the past decisions to do that been in the context of a settlement? And I guess my follow-up to that would be, are there any legal concerns or issues in terms of their ability to address that as part of the restructuring law in Pennsylvania?
Kurt Turosky: Paul, I’ve got to tell you, I don’t understand your question. Can you repeat it again. I’m not sure what you’re trying to get to.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies: Has the commission adjusted generation prices that are fixed as part of the original restructuring law in Pennsylvania outside of the context of a settlement? In other words, with Allegheny, we know there was a settlement agreement where all the parties agreed to adjust the frozen price.
Rich Marsh: Paul, maybe I should tee this up. Number one, I think the transition plans are different for every company in Pennsylvania. I’m not sure if there’s a lot of precedent across the companies. In our case we’re operating under a generation rate cap, it’s not a rate freeze. We believe the restructuring agreement gives the commission the ability to modify that. So we don’t view it -- at least the company doesn’t view that as a legal issue.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies: Okay. So you don’t think a decision by the commission to do that would be subject to legal challenge?
Rich Marsh: I’m not a lawyer, but I think any decision in this case is subject to appeal, but I don’t know that it’s a legal issue. I don’t know, Tony?
Anthony J. Alexander: Paul, I’m not going to give you a legal conclusion on this, but I would expect that somebody will appeal no matter what the decision is.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies: Okay. Thank you very much.
Rich Marsh: Thank you, Paul. Next question, please. Pam, do we have another question?
Operator: It’s from Terry Miller of UBS. Please go ahead.
Rich Marsh: Hi, Terry.
Operator: Terry, your line is live, Terry?
Rich Marsh: We’ve lost Terry. Why don’t we go on to the next question?
Operator: The next question is from David Frank of Pequot Capital Management. Please go ahead.
David Frank - Pequot Capital Management: Hi. Good afternoon.
Rich Marsh: Hi, David.
David Frank - Pequot Capital Management: Hi. Rich, when are we going to get the results on that 950 megawatts, as far as the price? 
Rich Marsh: You’re talking about Met-Ed and Penelec?
David Frank - Pequot Capital Management: Yeah.
Rich Marsh: You won’t. I mean, that won’t be publicly announced.
David Frank - Pequot Capital Management: That won’t ever be publicly disclosed in a filing with the commission? 
Rich Marsh: I don’t think so.
David Frank - Pequot Capital Management: Okay. You had previously hedged about 16 terawatt hours I want to say, almost 16 million megawatt hours in ‘07 and ‘08 in Pennsylvania through contracts with other parties.
Rich Marsh: Correct.
David Frank - Pequot Capital Management: How will this -- what level will that increase to now with this 950 megawatt contract? Will it be 18 terawatt hours, 18 million megawatt hours in those two years? Will it be the 20 -- do you have an update you could give us?
Rich Marsh: I mean, I guess if I understand your question, David, the amount that we’ve hedged forward are still there, remain there under the rate plan we filed, we certainly offered to give customers the continued benefit of those hedges forward purchases and so forth. What this other transaction that you’re mentioning talks about is just part of our plan to reduce the sales from FES to those two utility companies so that they self-supply more, but it doesn’t have an impact on the forward purchases that currently exist.
David Frank - Pequot Capital Management: No, I understand that. I’m just trying to get an update on the hedged levels in terms of sales volume that you’ve hedged now in ‘07 and ‘08. What capacity factor should I assume on the 950? 60%?
Rich Marsh: Yeah.
Kurt Turosky: The top end of the curve.
David Frank - Pequot Capital Management: Yeah.
Kurt Turosky: It’s the low-following product of what’s necessary to meet the Met-Ed and Penelec loads.
David Frank - Pequot Capital Management: So 950 of peak power? 
Kurt Turosky: Not -- no.
David Frank - Pequot Capital Management: It’s an all-in product? 
Kurt Turosky: It’s an all-in, but it will follow that load.
David Frank - Pequot Capital Management: Okay, okay. I think I understand. So you had in your filing calculated an under recovery related to NUG contracts in Pennsylvania because that recovery was based off of market prices and I think you were calculating around a $90 million shortfall. If market prices have come down now from your forecast, will that under recovery go down as well, related to the NUG contracts?
 Harvey Wagner: This is Harvey Wagner, it really shouldn’t affect that. What we were talking about is the gap between market prices and what is currently being recovered through the generation tariff. As market prices change, the amount that gets deferred would also change except if the market price actually exceed the actual cost of the NUGs that’s the issue that we have pending before the PUC and the separate addition we filed. As long as we have deferral accounting for the difference between the wholesale prices that are below the NUG costs, it shouldn’t matter.
David Frank - Pequot Capital Management: Okay. I thought the shortfall was calculated off of market price and if the market price is turning out to be less than what you previously forecasted, than the shortfall would decline. Am I not thinking about that correctly?
 Harvey Wagner: If the market prices go down, the gap between what we’re collecting for customer rates and the wholesale prices goes down, but the gap between the wholesale prices and the actual NUG costs go up. So the deferred prices would be higher. So, on an earnings basis we would be neutral there as long as the wholesale prices are below the actual NUG cost.
David Frank - Pequot Capital Management: I guess I can follow up with you.
Rich Marsh: The wonderful world of NUG accounting, we would be glad to do that David.
David Frank - Pequot Capital Management: Okay, maybe one last quick question. Could you explain the rational for breaking the general rate caps in Pennsylvania, your ability to-- we look at the RIPA decision and the judge was kind of clear that you can’t break those, but there are a lot of legal technicalities involved here. Is there a bottom line synopsis you could just give us for your rational why you think you can break those if someone was to argue you can’t?
Kurt Turosky: If you just look at the documents themselves, the specific transition plan or restructuring plan that both Met-Ed and Penelec entered into, is a very specific provision in that plan that provides for shopping and provides for the continuation of the polar obligation beyond the statutory time frame. If you don’t meet the shopping requirement, which are basically 80%, the words are very clear that the commission has a jurisdiction to change the generation. There’s a second provision of the document that also provides a specific opportunity to change the price based on a calculation of how that works under very specific language. And of course, there’s always a third way the commission can change a price, and that is through the continuing jurisdiction that Pennsylvania commission has based on years of precedent in Pennsylvania to be able to deal with any sort of change that’s required in an agreement like that entered into by Met-Ed and Penelec.
Rich Marsh: I think the two sections Tony was referring to, David, I believe those sections are F-2 and F-9 of the restructuring agreements.
David Frank - Pequot Capital Management: Thank you, guys.
Rich Marsh: Thanks, David.
Operator: Your next question is from Hugh Wynne of Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: I was, wondering if I could get a point of view from you regarding the PJM capacity market that PJM hopes to introduce next year. And specifically the extent to that, which the capacity charges that load serving entities such as your own in Pennsylvania will be required to pay to generators might be recovered from rate payers or whether conversely the existing rate freeze will prevent you from increasing your rates to cover any capacity charges you might incur under the new capacity payment scheme.
Rich Marsh: I guess I can give you the 50,000 foot view of our RPM which is this process and PJM. By the time that got enacted, you would have gone through several revisions -- quite a few revisions, in fact. Initially, I think the way RPM was laid out, we were not in favor of it. But by the time it was implemented, it had changes such that we were supportive of it. There’s still some skepticism in terms of how well this will actually act to incite people to build generation. I mean holding time will tell whether it works or not, but we think the way that PJM rolled this out, it’s something we can support, in fact, we did support that. On the second part of your question, I don’t know but we can check and get back to you. Specifically on how the PJM tariffs work.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: A more specific question, then. On the first page of your earnings release and the second paragraph discussing results, you make the point that your generation sales declined reducing earnings by $0.09 per share. And all of that was offset by reduced fuel and purchase power costs. It seems like the generation business in general was a drag on earnings to the tune of $0.05 per share. Yet back in your breakdown of segment results on page 6, you show an increase in net income from power supply services in the quarter rather than a decrease on the order of a couple hundred million bucks. Can you help me put those two things together so I can understand what’s going on under the two different pages?
Rich Marsh: I think the big driver there is the impact of the Ohio rate plan. TTC ending at the end of 2005, RTC beginning in January of 2006.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Why does that cause earnings to go up on page 6 and go down on page 1?
Kurt Turosky: The rate stabilization charge really is part of our generation cost recovery, but we tried to isolate the impacts of the Ohio rate plan on page 1 and therefore the positive impact of the rate stabilization charge is included with that $0.30 per share benefit because of the Ohio rate plan in 2006.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. So basically, the numbers on 6 give me a picture of the true profitability of the generation business. It’s just that on page 1, you were trying to allocate that change in profitability between the Ohio rate plan and other operations?
Kurt Turosky: Right, just to make it a little more meaningful.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, could I ask quickly why you’ve not revised your 2006 cash flow guidance? It seems like you’re only about 60% of the way there and you’ve got -- 60% of the way there in terms of net cash from operating activities in the first three quarters being like 1.25 billion relative to the $2.1 billion you’re expecting for the year. Will this be something that you simply cannot achieve this year, or how will this work out?
Rich Marsh: We still think that’s achievable, Hugh, and that’s why we maintained that. Typically the fourth quarter is a big cash generation period for us, particularly October and November tend to be strong cash generation month. I can’t remember the exact number for 2005, but I believe October alone in 2005 was something to the tune of about $300 million of positive net cash flow. So the fourth quarter is good for us. We’re running on track and that’s why we decided to maintain that guidance. We think it still works.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: All right. Well, thank you very much.
Rich Marsh: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you, your next question is from Stephen Wong, Citadel Investment Group. Please go ahead.
 Stephen Wong - Citadel Investment Group: Good afternoon, guys. A quick question here. Can you give us an update as to how many shares were actually repurchased thus far?
Rich Marsh: We cannot. That’s proprietary, Steven.
 Stephen Wong - Citadel Investment Group: That’s proprietary, not going to be in the Q?
 Harvey Wagner: No.
 Stephen Wong - Citadel Investment Group: Okay. And then on the 950 million megawatts we’re talking about here for Met-Ed and Penelec, what is your current FES price you guys are selling them at?
Rich Marsh: That we sell to the utilities at?
 Stephen Wong - Citadel Investment Group: Yeah, the FES sells?
Rich Marsh: 40 to 45.
 Stephen Wong - Citadel Investment Group: 45? And then under the new contract, the contracts are signed by the utilities, right, under the RFP?
 Harvey Wagner: Yeah.
 Stephen Wong - Citadel Investment Group: So going forward, the FES -- if they were selling, because they were the backstop to the 950, that freeze them up to sell into wholesale? Hypothetically?
 Harvey Wagner: Yes, frees up their generation.
 Stephen Wong - Citadel Investment Group: Okay. And then on the on the actual transition plan in Pennsylvania, in regards to NUG, the NUG rate increase that David talked about potentially, that had nothing to do with the actual breaking of the caps, right? Because the staff is in support of the NUG raising the rate there, so if hypothetically they don’t give you the rate cap rate, you could still hypothetically get your NUG rate increases.
 Harvey Wagner: Yeah, I don’t know what the staff thinking or what, final order might look like, Steven, but I guess it’s conceivable that they couldn’t approve some things and exclude others.
 Stephen Wong - Citadel Investment Group: Right, but I think in the initial filing or support of raising the NUG prices, right? So, 
 Harvey Wagner: I think that’s correct.
 Stephen Wong - Citadel Investment Group: Okay, I just wanted to make sure. Thanks.
 Harvey Wagner: Okay, thanks Steven.
Operator: Your next question is from John Kennedy of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
John Kennedy - Deutsche Bank: Good afternoon.
Rich Marsh: Hi, John.
John Kennedy - Deutsche Bank: Can you please provide us with an update on your plans for allocation of excess capital or use of free cash flow in ‘07?
Rich Marsh: Sure. It really hasn’t changed. When we look at our uses of cash, I mean certainly reinvesting in our business remains is an important priority for us and particularly over the period from 2007 to 2009, we’ll have our environmental program notching up toward the peak spending year. So capital will increase next year and stay at slightly higher levels over that three-year period. That’s going to be a big use of cash off the top. We completed a share repurchase this year, we’ve not announced any decision regarding next year, but we’ll consider that and obviously giving cash back to the shareholder in forms of dividend is very important to us and the board will consider that issue again at the December board meeting. So, our uses of cash really haven’t changed going forward. That’s how our priorities have been set, that’s what we would expect next year as well.
John Kennedy - Deutsche Bank: Will the board, at that December meeting in addition to the dividend, be considering an additional repurchase as well, then, at that time if they were to look at it, or pretty potentially just come at a later date as well?
Rich Marsh: If there is no reason that it would have to be at a specific board meeting, John they could make their decision whenever.
John Kennedy - Deutsche Bank: And just a clarification, on Stephens question on the FES power price, did you say 40.5 or 45?
Rich Marsh: About $40
John Kennedy - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great.
Rich Marsh: 40.
John Kennedy - Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Rich Marsh: Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is come from Daniele Seitz of Dahlman Rose. Please go ahead.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Hello. I just was wondering about your environmental expenditures. Do you feel that those are solid, because so many of the companies have been revising them, do you feel what you have forecasted so far is probably the right number?
Rich Marsh: Yeah. We had published a range of $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion, Daniele, we still feel that’s the right range. My expectation is there will be closer to the top end of that range, $1.8. But I still feel that’s a good number. Part of the reason we’ve been able to avoid some of the increases that other companies are posting, I believe relates to the fact, that we completed some of our engineering work and some of our engineering contracts early on and have been able to lock in both supplies and prices, I think more effectively. So our environmental guys are still comfortable that that’s a good number and I think that range still works very well, although as I said, I would expect it to be closer to that 1.8 rather than the 1.6.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Okay, thanks.
Rich Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Dan Jenkins of State of Wisconsin Investment Board. Please go ahead.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Hi, good afternoon.
Rich Marsh: Hi, Dan.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Just a little clarification on what you mentioned about the share repurchase that sounds like this $10.6 billion plan that you just implemented, that pretty much takes care of your share buybacks for ‘06?
Rich Marsh: For ‘06, I would expect that’s true.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. And then I think you mentioned early on the call some of your debt plans, you have the $600 million coming due next month – 
Rich Marsh: Sorry, November.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: And then obviously some short-term debt that you incurred related to the share buybacks. Do you anticipate -- I know you filed some MESS3s for Toledo and Cleveland, is that kind of related to refinancing that bad debt?
Rich Marsh: The whole coal debt, yes, it is, that’s right, Dan. That’s consistent with our philosophy of taking debt out of the holding company, reissuing it at the operating company to get those regulated operating companies properly capitalized in a regulatory context, so you’re correct.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. And then I was wondering, on the first page of your release, you mentioned the $0.01 benefit from the postretirement benefits other than pensions and you mentioned that it’s a health care benefits being changes in the health care benefits being phased in ‘08.
Rich Marsh: Yeah.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: And I guess, could you explain a little bit what those program changes are and then since it’s being phased in, is that something that should benefit you going forward through ‘08 as well?
Rich Marsh: What we’re doing, like a lot of employers is Dan it’s really look at our health care costs and how can we minimize those even part of it is cost sharing with employees like a lot of employers are having to do now and part of it is trying to change the behavior of employees in terms how they buy health care services and how to make them better consumers and more effective consumers of health care. So I think our programs are working effectively. I would expect we’ll continue to look at those going forward and certainly there would be a benefit from those changes relative to what we otherwise would have had.
 Harvey Wagner: Dan, one other thing to add to that as you know, part of the element of the post-retirement benefit cost is the amount that we’re going to pay during the retirement period for people who are currently working. So the changes that are being phased in for 2008 really reflected already in the projected benefit obligation that we’re currently accruing for people who are working.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay.
 Harvey Wagner: Okay?
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Then a twist question on CapEx. So far you’ve spent $990 million versus $756 last year. Where’s most of that increase coming from?
 Harvey Wagner: That’s coming from -- 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Environmental?
 Harvey Wagner: I mean largely from environmental, you’re right, Dan.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. And then on the balance sheet, if you could remind me what the -- do you have about $3.5 billion of investments, what’s that related to?
Rich Marsh: That’s primarily nuclear de-commissioning trust funds and nuclear fields those all.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. And then on page 9 of your release, at the top there, that regulated versus competitive, is that the shopping customers switching back. Is that what you referred to, is that what that is, the positive and the negative going on there?
Rich Marsh: Yeah.
Kurt Turosky: Yes.
 Harvey Wagner: Yes, it is, Dan.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. And then on the wholesale line, basically you had about a 33% decline in the quarter and about 20% so far this year. I was wondering if you could break that down. How much of that is due to the price being lowered how much of it is due to the volume decline?
Rich Marsh: Those are all volumes that you’re looking at there.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay, oh, that’s -- okay.
Rich Marsh: Yeah, and that’s consistent with the migration of customers back to the operating company, so we have less generation to sell at wholesale.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. And then also on that same page, I noticed the industrial in New Jersey was down quite a bit compared to what you’re seeing in Ohio and Pennsylvania. Do you know what’s going on there? Did you have -- loosed customers, or is there a different environment in New Jersey versus the other two states in industrial?
Rich Marsh: Yeah. I’m not really aware of any specific reasons for that, Dan.
 Harvey Wagner: There was also a slight reclassification of customers between industrial and commercial, and I think that drove part of that difference.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. Then the last question I have is related to -- you had that some sale at the facilities in the quarter. How much of that do you have left to sale? And how much was the proceeds from what you sold in the third quarter?
Rich Marsh: I think the carrying value of what we have left at FSG is about $25 million and the MYR is about $45 million so roughly about 70 million carrying value ‘04 remaining as such.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: And then the proceeds in the quarter from the sale?
Rich Marsh: I don’t -- 
 Harvey Wagner: It was minimal. Yeah, it was nominal.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. That’s all I have.
 Harvey Wagner: Thanks Dan. Since we’re coming up on 50 minutes, let’s take one more question on the call and then we’ll be glad to get back with any of you offline if there are any follow-ups.
Operator: Thank you. Your last question comes from Jim Ferguson of AIG. Please go ahead.
Rich Marsh: Hi Jim.
James Ferguson - AIG: Hi, one was answered, but the second on debt of the new facility that you have described as both the holding company and the operating company, is that available for the operating companies to borrow separately and distinctly from their brethren and the holding company, or will it be all through the holding companies will joint several other voice as the (inaudible)?
Kurt Turosky: No, they can borrow individually.
James Ferguson - AIG: Okay.
Kurt Turosky: Thank you, Jim. Okay. We appreciate everybody’s time and interest in FirstEnergy today. As I said we’ll be glad to follow-up offline if there are any other further questions. Hope to see many of you in Las Vegas at the EEI financial conference coming up shortly and we appreciate your continued support and interest and hope everybody has a great day. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes today’s FirstEnergy Corp. Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect and have a pleasant day.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-08-01 17:45:00) =====
Executives:
Analysts: Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates  Steve Fleishman - Merrill Lynch  Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company  Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose  Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc  Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board  Margaret Jones - Citigroup 
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the FirstEnergy second quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Kurt Turosky, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Kurt Turosky: Thank you, Jody. During this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects, and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties.  A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated reports for the financial community, which was released earlier today, and is available on our website under the Earnings Release link. Reconciliations to GAAP for the various non-GAAP financial measures we will be referring to today are also contained in that report as well as on the Investor Information section of our website.  Participating in today's call are Tony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Rich Marsh, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Harvey Wagner, Vice President and Controller; Jim Pearson, Treasurer; and Ron Seeholzer, Vice President of Investor Relations. I'll now turn the call over to Rich Marsh.
Rich Marsh: Thanks, Kurt. Good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for being with us today on this busy earnings release day. I'll start the call by providing an overview of our second quarter earnings results and financial activities, then I'll turn the line over to Tony Alexander to discuss our increased earnings guidance, and also to provide updates on our operational performance and regulatory initiatives.  Information regarding our second quarter results was provided earlier today in our consolidated report to the financial community and it might be helpful to refer to that during our call. Let's start with our second quarter financial results. We'll refer to earnings and cash flow results on a non-GAAP basis and reconciliations to GAAP are available in the consolidated report as well as on the Investor Information page of our website.  Earnings on a GAAP in the second quarter of 2006 were $0.92 per share compared to GAAP earnings of $0.54 per share in the second quarter of 2005. Normalized non-GAAP earnings in the second quarter of this year were $0.95 per share, excluding unusual items of $0.03 per share. These unusual items included the impairment of non-core assets in our facility services group, partially offset by a gain on the sale of one of our smaller retired generating units. These results compare favorably to normalized non-GAAP earnings of $0.71 per share in the same period of last year. This improvement was driven primarily by the implementation of our Ohio rate plans, recently approved deferral accounting for PGM Transmission expenses and continued favorable operating performance.  Specifically, the major contributors to earnings from the Ohio rate plans, compared to the second quarter of last year include: reduction in transition cost amortization of $0.20 per share, primarily reflecting the end of generation transition cost recovery in 2005; the deferral of $0.07 per share of certain distribution costs related to a liability spending; and the deferral of $0.05 per share of incremental fuel expenses. These were partially offset by a $0.07 per share reduction in earnings related to the rate stabilization charge discount provided to customers. Another favorable factor in our second quarter earnings was the implementation of deferral accounting for our PGM transmission costs that aren't included in our base rate tariffs. This deferral was authorized by a Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission order on May 4. Consistent with the Company's petition, the order doesn't rate recovery of these costs, but does allow Met-Ed and Penelec to seek recovery in our pending transition rate plan filing. The deferral increased earnings by $0.10 per share during the second quarter. That included a $0.05 per share benefit for deferral of charges incurred in the first quarter of the year. The benefit of this deferral accounting order was not included in our prior earnings guidance for 2006.  Other factors that contributed to our earnings improvement included the $0.02 per share benefit from lower nuclear O&M expenses as a result of fewer outage days this year, compared to the same period last year; a $0.01 per share reduction in the cost of other post retirement benefits; and the $0.02 per share benefit from the Jersey Central Power and Light rate increase that became effective in June 2005. Factors partially offsetting these favorable impacts included: a $0.03 per share decrease in generation revenues driven primarily by lower wholesale market prices; a $0.05 per share increase in fuel and purchased power expenses, primarily due to increased generation output and higher coal costs; and a $0.03 per share decline in distribution deliveries, primarily as a result of unseasonably mild weather during the period.  Heating degree days were 17% lower than in the same period last year, and 14% below normal; while cooling degree days were 24% lower than in the same period last year and 17% below normal. Total financing costs increased $0.03 per share from the second quarter of last year and that resulted from the absence of the gains on reacquired debt that were realized in the second quarter of 2005; and also a $3 million after-tax charge this year related to the redemption of $61 million of Ohio Edison preferred stock. We also experienced a $0.03 per share reduction in investment income, primarily due to lower nuclear decommissioning trust income. Total electric generation sales rose 4% compared to the second quarter of last year. Retail generation sales increased 8%, largely from the return of customers to our Ohio utilities, following the departure of other competitive generation suppliers. This reduced the level of shopping at our Ohio utilities from 36% in the second quarter of 2005 to 16% in the second quarter of this year. The increase in retail generation sales was partially offset by an 8% decline in wholesale sales. Let me touch on a few of our key financing activities. In June, Ohio Edison issued $600 million of unsecured senior notes and that transaction comprised $250 million of our 6.4% 10-year senior notes and $350 million of our 6 7/8% 30-year senior notes. In July, Ohio Edison used the proceeds from this offering to repurchase $500 million of its common stock from FirstEnergy Corp and redeem all of its outstanding preferred stock at a total redemption price of $64 million. The balance of the senior note proceeds were used to repay short-term debt. Yesterday, FirstEnergy utilized the proceeds from the Ohio Edison common stock repurchase to redeem early via the make whole provision, $400 million of our $1 billion 5.5% floating company notes due November 15. These transactions bring Ohio Edison's debt leverage closer to our target of 50% of capitalization, while keeping FirstEnergy's consolidated debt ratio unchanged at about 56% on a rating agency basis. On June 8, the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities approved a securitization of approximately $180 million of basic generation service related transition cost for our Jersey Central Power and Light subsidiary. Yesterday, we announced the issue of $182.4 million of transition bonds through our JCP&L transition funding subsidiary.  Another significant development during the quarter included the authorization by our Board on June 20 of the repurchase of up to 12 million shares of common stock. At Management's discretion shares can be acquired on the open market or through private transactions subject to market conditions and other factors. The 12 million shares represent about 3.6% of the approximately 330 million shares of our common stock outstanding.  I'll now turn the call over to Tony to address our 2006 earnings guidance increase and also to provide updates on several of our operational regulatory initiatives.
Tony Alexander: Thanks, Rich. Good afternoon, everyone, thanks for joining us. I'm pleased that the performance in the first half of the year puts us in a position to increase our 2006 normalized non-GAAP earnings guidance by $0.20 per share over the original guidance that we provided in, I believe November of last year. Our new guidance is $3.65 to $3.85 per share. We are maintaining our non-GAAP cash generation guidance of $460 million. The increase in our earnings guidance reflects the May 2006 Pennsylvania Commission order authorizing Met-Ed and Penelec to defer incremental PJM transmission charges, partially offset by lower electric sales revenues resulting from two things: the unseasonably mild weather experienced during the first half of the year and lower wholesale market prices projected for the second half of the year. On a year-to-date basis, heating degree days were 11% below normal while cooling degree days were 17% below normal. This mild weather particularly impacted residential distribution deliveries, which on a year-to-date basis were down 3.6%, compared to the first half of 2005. The current softening in wholesale market prices appears to be a reflection of low demand due to the mild weather, coupled with the decline in natural gas prices.  While, of course, no one knows how wholesale power prices in our region may change over the remainder of the year, our revised guidance does incorporate an expectation that they will average slightly below our expectations earlier in the year.  Let me briefly address our operations during the quarter as well as several regulatory initiatives. Our operational performance continued on a favorable path during the period, with a new generation output record of 20.3 million megawatt hours. This is a 6.3% increase over the prior second quarter record, which was established last year. Our year-to-date generation output of 40.4 million megawatt hours also established a new record and reflected a 6.7% increase over the same period last year.  This strong performance reflects the favorable operating record of our fossil plants, which recorded their best ever output; and our nuclear plants, which successfully completed two expanded refueling outages during the quarter. We remain on track to establish a new annual output record with a target for the year of approximately 82 million megawatt hours. On the Pennsylvania regulatory front, the administrative law judge assigned to our Met-Ed and Penelec transition rate cases established a new litigation schedule during the quarter. In accordance with this revised schedule, intervening parties submitted their written testimony on July 10. Evidentiary hearings are scheduled to begin on August 24 and we expect the administrative law judge recommended decision by November 8. The final commission order is expected in mid-January 2007. At our Penn Power subsidiary, a recent RFP bidding process was conducted by the Pennsylvania Commission to secure competitively priced electricity from third-party suppliers for the period January 1, 2007 through May 31, 2008. Two rounds of bids were conducted for approximately 900 megawatts of electricity supply, which was broken down 18 tranches of approximately 50 megawatts each. A residual bid will be conducted on August 15 for the two remaining tranches for large commercial customers that were not filled in the second round. The results of the bidding process will be announced by the Commission later this year. Given the significance of the Pennsylvania transition rate cases and the Penn Power RFP process to our future earnings, we've decided to reschedule our annual analyst meeting from December to sometime in late January. This will allow us to address the outcomes of these matters during the meeting and in our 2007 guidance, which we expect to provide at that time.  On the Ohio regulatory front, the Supreme Court on May 3 affirmed all but one aspect of FirstEnergy's Ohio rate stabilization plan. The court found that FirstEnergy must provide an alternative market-based offering to customers and remanded that issue back to the Ohio Commission for further consideration.  To address this, our Ohio utilities made a filing with the Ohio Commission on July 20th proposing a framework for conducting a RFP program. If adopted, customers would have the opportunity to switch to alternative generation suppliers at prices established through the RFP program. On July 26, the Ohio Commission directed the Ohio companies to file their detailed plans for a competitive retail electric service option within 45 days. In closing, let me say that our Company made significant progress during the first half of the year in meeting our 2006 objectives, and we are on track to continue this performance. We remain focused on maximizing the performance of our generation fleet, efficiently reinvesting in the business, and managing the transition to competitive generation markets. By doing so, I believe we'll continue to maximize the value of the Company for our investors.  We appreciate your support and interest in FirstEnergy. I'll now ask the operator to open the call to questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I wanted to just touch base on the stock repurchase. How far along you might have gotten so far, and when you think it might be completed?
Rich Marsh: If you think about it, Paul, the Board approved the repurchase on June 20. The second quarter earnings release was today, that really didn't give us any opportunity to go into the market because we're in possession of material inside information, namely, second quarter results. So we didn't have the opportunity to start that program yet, but we are very mindful of the desirability of getting that done quickly and that's our plan for the remainder of the year.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: On the higher fuel and on purchase power expenses excluding JCP&L, it looks like it was pretty much offset by the deferred fuel costs in the Ohio regulatory changes. So I would assume that most of these costs occurred in Ohio? Is that correct?
Rich Marsh: Yes.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I know your rebuttal testimony is due next week in Pennsylvania. Any thoughts on what you see there? Just reactions from all of these hearings you've had, and what have you, in terms of any thoughts that you have in what you saw in terms of what it might pertain for the future, or is it too early to say?
Rich Marsh: As you mentioned, Paul, rebuttal testimony will be filed a week from today, which is August 8. I think in terms of the intervenor testimony, we didn't see anything unexpected, nothing unusual there. The response, the rate case in terms of press coverage or from the customer meetings that we've been having has been very mild. So I think things continue to be pretty much on track, and we look forward to filing our rebuttal testimony next week and moving forward with the rate case there. So I'd say so far so good.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Great, thanks a lot.
Rich Marsh: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman - Merrill Lynch. 
Rich Marsh: Hi, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Merrill Lynch: Hi, guys. Just on the issue of particularly the lower wholesale sales, limiting the upside of the Pennsylvania deferral in your annual guidance, how much of that was really driven by the first half performance and weather? Are you assuming normal weather in the second half of the year when you put this guidance together?
Rich Marsh: We always budget for normal weather, Steve. I guess our expectation is that prices in the second half of the year might be a little softer than what we had originally assumed in the budget. That's what our guys are thinking. Also we had the situation in the first half of the year where obviously distribution throughput was down because of the mild weather. So those were really the two offsets of the positive impact of the Pennsylvania deferral.
Steve Fleishman - Merrill Lynch: Okay. I assume that would not have incorporated the fact that it's gotten a lot hotter and gas prices have gone back up?
Rich Marsh: No, it does not. I noticed gas prices jumped 14% or something like that, but no it doesn't encompass that thinking. The range does. Hopefully we have good weather in July and August, that will help push us towards the higher end of that range.
Steve Fleishman - Merrill Lynch: Given the timing of the share repurchases and such, since it's late in the year, that's not going to really impact the guidance for this year?
Rich Marsh: It's incorporated in the range, Steve. You're right, we're already in August, so it's not going to be a large contributor to earnings, but we did put that in.
Steve Fleishman - Merrill Lynch: Right and it doesn't sound like you're planning to do one of these broker contract transactions where you get the lower shares immediately.
Rich Marsh: We're considering all of our alternatives at this point. What makes sense based on conditions when we decide to actually move forward with the program.
Steve Fleishman - Merrill Lynch: And just one last question on Ohio. Maybe Tony could just discuss the process on resolving this one issue on the competitive choice. My only question, is it going to stay focused on that one issue and nothing else is likely to be brought up that kind of creates a broader change?
Tony Alexander: Well, I don't know what other people would bring up. The remand is very limited with respect to what needs to be looked at. In fact, almost every other issue with respect to the rate stabilization plan that was controversial, was appealed and the court found all of those terms acceptable. So from my perspective, really the only thing on the table is put in place a mechanism that satisfies the court's remand order. So I don't anticipate anything coming out of the case other than dealing with that issue.
Steve Fleishman - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Rich Marsh: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Fremont – Jefferies. 
Rich Marsh: Hi, Paul.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: Hello. Congratulations on a good quarter. I guess following up on the Ohio Supreme Court decision, with respect to offering a competitive alternative, is this going to require more frequent market quotes relative to the fixed prices that you're offering in your plan? Does this potentially make extending the existing rate stabilization plan more difficult?
Rich Marsh: Paul, we filed the format of what we were proposing. My sense is that you'd go up for an RFP, you'd establish a price, that price would stay fixed for most of the period of the RFP, if I remember correctly. So I wouldn't think that this would generate any additional changes beyond that. One or two times you'd reset the price in this timeframe, between now and 2008. It would just be an alternative price based on what the market would deliver for that type of service. I don't see it having any impact at all on 2009 and beyond.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: Why would it not continue as long as the issue is still derived from the additional restructuring law that was passed by Ohio?
Rich Marsh: In 2009 and beyond we'll be looking at something totally different. So let's just assume we use an auction process. If you do that, then you have the competitive price alternative to customers as the alternative they could select.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: Thank you.
Rich Marsh: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose. 
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Hello. I just was wondering, you are assuming a very strong increase in retail demand and apparently because of the retail shoppers. Is it something that you see having an impact longer term? It seems that with less competition, could that attract some sort of revision from the Ohio Commission? Could you explain that?
Rich Marsh: Most of the returning customers came back to us, Daniele, in the fourth quarter of last year and that's when some of the other competitive generation suppliers exited our market. So right now shopping is at a pretty stable, albeit relatively low, level. Not really expecting that to change going forward. I don't think it's going to have much of an impact in terms of going forward position in Ohio. Certainly the market remains open for other generation suppliers who wish to come in with a competitive offer.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: So there is no magic number that the commission is watching out for?
Rich Marsh: No, I don't believe so, no.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Okay, thank you.
Rich Marsh: Thanks, Daniele.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc. 
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Good afternoon. I was wondering when you think the environment might be right to start thinking about what happens after the RFP? I know this is an election year, that probably creates some difficulties. But when do you think that process starts?
Tony Alexander: Well, Paul, this is Tony, I think we're thinking about that process right now. We believe that the best alternative for FirstEnergy is to move forward with the competitive market, alternatives that are consistent with the Ohio statutes.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Okay, just when this buyback is completed, how you'll use the cash flow, what you're thinking strategically, maybe where, if there's any type of assets or anything you think may fit.
Rich Marsh: We've talked about increasing capital expenditures over the next several years, that's going to be one use of cash, Paul, obviously particularly for the environmental spend. You know 2007-2009 in particular are going to be some peak years for us as far as that. We'll keep the option open for other ways to be able to return some cash to investors.  We've also talked about mining our existing asset base in terms of looking for incremental opportunities to add value around the assets that we have now, which we think is a low-risk yet profitable way to be able to grow our business in the future. So I don't think our views of how we use that cash have changed. It will evolve over time, that's I think three of the areas we'll be focusing on.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Thank you, again.
Rich Marsh: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investments. 
 Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: I was just curious on the debt issuance that you used at Ohio Edison. You used part of that to pay off some debt at the corporate level. Looking at your page 7, it looks like you've made that adjustment in your adjusted capitalization versus the actual balance sheet up above. I'm looking at that double asterisk note there.
Rich Marsh: What we did here, Dan, is consistent with our objective to reduce debt at the holding company, push it down into the operating companies to get them leveraged.
 Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Do you anticipate that you'll be doing anymore of that in the second half? I just don't have 600 million that comes through in November? 
Rich Marsh: That will be a continuing process through the remainder of this year. So you'll see more operating company issuances, raising funds to pay down the remainder of the FirstEnergy senior note that's due November 15.
 Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: You mentioned that you also had a securitization at JCPL of about $182 million. Was that money already used as part of this parent level debt pay down or what?
Rich Marsh: The transaction was just announced yesterday, Dan. So that's in the market at this point.
 Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. Do you know what your plan is for what you're going to do with those proceeds?
Rich Marsh: At least a portion of that, at least half of that will be used to pay down debt.
 Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Then the other thing I was wondering about. You mentioned that you had these after-tax charges from the sale and impairment of non-core assets. Was that related to the NYR or was that something else?
Rich Marsh: The impairment was not. It was to some of the other FEC facilities.
 Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. So do you anticipate you'll be selling those operations?
Rich Marsh: That's our hope, Dan, and that's our plan. So hopefully we'll have more news to report on that going forward.
 Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. That's all I had, thank you.
Rich Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Daniele Seitz of Dahlman Rose.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: I just was wondering over the longer term, is there a system where the State actually plans on long term generation needs and is this already being worked out and are you already considering your participation?
Rich Marsh: In Ohio, the provider of last resort obligation will go away in 2009, Daniele. So at that point, we won't be responsible for providing generation for our customer base of the regulated companies.  Our goal is to really mine our existing assets, look for incremental opportunities to upgrade existing facilities or to add incremental generation capacity. We've been doing that for instance at our Mansfield plant where last year we added 50 million megawatts through the installation of some new, more efficient turbines; another 50 megawatts this year, another 50 megawatts in 2007.  We have some nuclear upgrades that are coming online this year in part with the remainder of 2006, 2007. So we're really looking at incremental upgrades to our existing generation capacity as opposed to tying up billions and billions of dollars and many years in terms of investing in major new generating facilities.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Thank you.
Rich Marsh: Thank you, Daniele.
Operator: We have a follow up question from Dan Jenkins of State of Wisconsin Investments. 
 Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Do you have what the capacity factors were for the new plants in the second quarter or the first half? Whatever you have available?
Rich Marsh: Yes, we do. That's on page 9 of the release. The nuclear is 91.9% and our fossil base load 88.9%. So the entire fleet operated very well during the period, continued to do so.
 Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Could you remind me, what's the outage schedule for the second half?
Rich Marsh: We have one outage in the second half, which I believe is Beaver Valley II, which is in the fall.
 Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay, thank you.
Rich Marsh: Thanks Dan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Margaret Jones - Citigroup. 
Rich Marsh: Hi, Peggy.
Margaret Jones - Citigroup: Hi, Rich. I was just wondering if I could follow up on the questions about what happens in 2009 and ask about the general approach that you're taking toward what you want to have happen then.
Rich Marsh: Let me start by saying that the Statutes in the State of Ohio right now require us to go to a competitive generation market in 2009. That's what we're planning to do and we think that would be the right outcome for FirstEnergy. So I think at this point in time, that's what we're aiming towards. We have a competitive generation fleet. I think if you've tracked or performance there, you've seen those units operate better and better as we continue to get them ready for competitive generation market. That's really the trajectory that we're on. I think we have a unique situation at FirstEnergy, and that as a result of some of the rate plans that we've put into place that transition to a competitive market could be smoother for our customers than some of the situations you see in some other states, Maryland and Illinois and so forth in terms of 2009.  Transition cost recovery will drop away, presumably customers will go to a market generation price when that happens. But all-in, their total bills, I don't think you'll be seeing the rate shock you see in some other areas. I think that's a positive for our customers overall as we look forward to 2009.
Margaret Jones - Citigroup: Thank you. So you're envisioning some sort of a competitive bidding process?
Rich Marsh: That's the laws that exist in Ohio, Peggy, so that's what we're planning for, yes.
Margaret Jones - Citigroup: Thank you.
Rich Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: There appears to be no further questions at this time.
Rich Marsh: Good. We appreciate everybody's time on the call today. I know this was a busy earnings release day. If there are any follow-up questions, please feel free to get a hold of Ron Seeholzer, or Kurt Turosky or Ray Jimenez, we appreciate your time today. Thank you for your continued support of FirstEnergy and everybody have a great day, thank you.
Tony Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's FirstEnergy conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-04-26 16:15:00) =====
Executives: Kurt Turosky, Director of Investor Relation   Richard Marsh, SVP, Chief Financial Officer   Anthony Alexander, President, Chief Executive Officer   Harvey Wagner, VP, Controller   Jim Pearson, Treasurer   Terry Howson, Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Ashar Khan, SAC Capital   Greg Gordon, Citigroup   Steve Fleishman, Merrill Lynch   Paul Patterson, Glenrock Associates   Paul Ridzon, KeyBanc   Paul Fremont, Jefferies   Gregg Orrill, Lehman Brothers   David Frank, Pequot Capital   Dan Eggers, Credit Suisse
Operator:
Operator Instructions: Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Kurt Turosky, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Kurt Turosky, Director of Investor Relation: Thank you, Mia. During this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in the consolidated reports to the financial community, which was released earlier today and is also available on our website under the Earnings Release link. Reconciliations to GAAP for various non-GAAP financial measures we will be referring to today are also contained in that report, as well as on the Investor Information section of our website. Participating in today's call are Tony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Rich Marsh, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Harvey Wagner, Vice President and Controller; Jim Pearson, Treasurer; and Terry Howson, Vice President of Investor Relations. I will now turn the call over to Rich Marsh.
Richard Marsh, SVP, Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Kurt. Good morning everyone. Thanks for being with us today. I will start the call by providing an overview of our earnings results and other financial matters, and then turn the call over to Tony Alexander to discuss our operational performance and also provide an update on regulatory initiatives. Information regarding first-quarter results was provided earlier today in our consolidated report to the financial community that’s available on our website. We do understand that the e-mail distribution of the report was delayed this morning as the third party we used to distribute the e-mails had problems with their server. We do understand that the server is back in service and that the e-mail distribution began around 9:30. So we apologize for the delay. Let's start with our first-quarter financial results. Please note that we will refer to earnings and cash flow results on a non-GAAP basis and that reconciliations to results on a GAAP basis are available in the consolidated report, as well as on the Investor Information page on our website. Earnings on a GAAP basis in the first quarter of 2006 were $0.67 per share, and there were no unusual items. This compares to GAAP earnings of $0.49 per share and normalized non-GAAP earnings of $0.47 per share in the first quarter of 2005. These results reflect the implementation of the Ohio Rate Stabilization Plan that was approved in 2004, as well as our recently approved Rate Certainty Plan. Certain elements of both plans impacted our financial results for the first time during the period. Specifically, the major earnings changes resulting from the Ohio rate plans compared to the first quarter of last year include a reduction in transition cost amortization of $0.18 per share, primarily reflecting the end of the generation transition cost recovery in 2005, and the deferral of $0.07 per share of certain distribution costs related to reliability spending, partially offset by a $0.04 per share earnings reduction related to a rate stabilization charge discount provided to shopping customers. In addition to these Ohio rate plan impacts, other positive contributors to our earnings during the period included a $0.03 per share benefit from lower financing costs, a $0.03 per share benefit from the JCP&L rate increase that became effective in June of 2005 and a $0.01 per share reduction in the cost of other postretirement benefits. Factors that partially offset this improvement included a $0.04 per share reduction from increased fossil fuel costs, net of deferrals related to contract price escalations, coal mix, transportation costs and emission allowance prices; a $0.03 per share reduction related to higher purchase our prices; and a $0.02 per share decline in distribution deliveries, primarily as a result of the unseasonable mild weather we experienced during the period. Heating-degree-days were 15% lower than in the same period last year and 11% below normal levels. Total electric generation sales rose 2% as a 1.7 million megawatt hour, or 7% increase in retail sales more than offset a 1 million megawatt hour or 16% decline in wholesale sales. This change in the generation sales mix largely reflects the return of shopping customers to our Ohio utilities following the departure of some competitive generation providers. This reduced the level of shopping megawatt hours at our Ohio utilities from 34% in the first quarter of 2005 to 16% in the first quarter of this year. Moving on to our financing activities, our 2006 financing plan is largely focused on capital structure management, and this includes reducing debt at the holding company as outstanding issues mature, including the 1 billion, 5.5% FirstEnergy senior note due in November, and issuance of $1.1 billion of new debt at some of our utilities to fund the holding company redemption, and also to achieve capital structures that are appropriate in a rate-making context. We plan to maintain the consolidated debt-to-total-capital ratio at about the current level, which will result in the issuance of additional debt over time, as equity grows to maintain our targeted debt ratio. Net cash from operating activities during the first quarter before capital expenditures and common dividends was 436 million. With a significant increase in capital expenditures during the period associated with the Beaver Valley Unit 1 and Davis-Besse scheduled outages as well as the cost of replacement power during those outages. Free cash generation was negative as expected, and generally in line with our expectations. We are affirming our annual cash guidance of $460 million as well as our earnings guidance of $3.45 to $3.65 per share, excluding unusual items. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Tony, who will give us an update on our operating performance as well as our regulatory initiatives.
Anthony Alexander, President, Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Rich. Good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us. Let me start with a brief operational performance overview. First, I am pleased to report that FirstEnergy set a new first quarter generation output record of 20 million megawatt hours, a 7% increase over the prior first quarter record established last year, even though we had two nuclear refueling outages underway. The generation record was attributable to an increase in fossil generation, with the Bruce Mansfield plant, our largest baseload plant at 2,410 megawatt, achieving a 95% capacity factor for the quarter. Overall, our fossil plants established their best quarterly output ever. Respecting our nuclear fleet, the primary area of management focus has been improving our outage performance, both from a duration and cost standpoint. And we have seen positive results in our nuclear outage execution this year. Specifically, on April 19th, Beaver Valley Unit 1 returned to service 11 days ahead of schedule, over a very complicated construction and refueling outage. The unit became the first plant in the world to cut a temporary opening in its containment building to replace its steam generators and reactor head within a 65-day timeframe. It's also important to note Beaver Valley Unit 1 had operated safely and reliably for a unit record of 465 consecutive days before it was taken offline for this scheduled outage. The Davis-Besse nuclear power station is also currently in the process of restarting following the completion of its scheduled refueling outage. Major work activities during the Davis-Besse outage included replacing several components in the plant's turbine, which is expected to increase power output by 11 megawatt, and rebuilding two of the four reactor coolant pumps. From a regulatory standpoint, we also took a significant step in Pennsylvania to better position us for the future. On April 10th, Met-Ed and Penelec filed a comprehensive transition rate plan with the Pennsylvania PUC. For 2007, Met-Ed has requested an overall rate increase of $216 million or 19%, while Penelec has requested an overall increase of $157 million or 15% under their preferred ratemaking approaches. The filing represents the first request to increase base rates since 1986 for Penelec and 1992 for Met-Ed. If approved as filed, customers' rates in 2007 would be comparable to the average rates charged by electric utilities across the State of Pennsylvania today. The comprehensive transition plan addresses essentially all aspects of costs within those companies -- distribution, transmission, transition costs as well as power supply costs. The filing requests increases in the Company's POLR generation rate. It is important to note that Met-Ed and Penelec's current restructuring plan includes a provision that allows the generation rate to be increased by the commission if 80% of Met-Ed and Penelec's customers are not shopping with third-party suppliers. Under the restructuring plan, the companies were to supply no more than 20% of the POLR load. Since shopping has not been successful and the companies are currently serving virtually 100% of the POLR load, they may seek an increase in the generation price, which is what is being proposed. Another major component of the filing involves a transmission rate increase to reflect federally imposed charges from the PJM Regional Transmission Organization. We have designed the transition plan to carefully balance the interests of all stakeholders through a combination of rates, tariffs and accounting procedures. Our filing will go to public hearings conducted by Administrative Law Judge, which we expect should result in a commission order early in the first quarter of 2007. The details of our filing are contained in an investment letter issued on April 10th, which is available on the Investor Information in section of our corporate website. Another significant regulatory development involves the Pennsylvania PUC's April 20th approval of Penn Power's POLR Supply plan to secure electricity to supply its customers at market rates following the end of their transition period, which is on 12/31/2006. Penn Power's generation rates are currently capped and are set to expire this year. As noted in the PUC's press release, the Commission is obligated to approve a POLR plan with generation rates that reflect prevailing market prices and that allow Penn Power to recover all reasonable costs for service. We're pleased that the Commission recognizes the need to move forward with our procurement process to secure competitive market-based power supplies for Penn Power's POLR customers. In closing, we had solid performance during the first quarter, and we remain on track to achieve both our earnings and cash flow guidance. We are off to a strong start toward meeting many of the objectives we established for 2006, including our generation fleet continues its exceptional performance, we had excellent execution on our two nuclear refueling outages, we filed a comprehensive transition plan in Pennsylvania, and we continue to deliver consistent financial results that meet or exceed our guidance. Looking forward, we continue to make progress on the development of our air quality compliance plan. We expect to have that completed by midyear. As we have previously discussed, completion of that plan is the last remaining issue we need to address before considering a share repurchase program. By focusing on excellence in operations, timely regulatory recovery of our costs, increasing productivity and reducing costs, we will continue to improve the value proposition for our investors and customers. We appreciate your support and interest in FirstEnergy and your time today. I now ask the operator to open the call to questions from analysts. Thank you.
Operator:
Operator Instructions:
Q - Ashar Khan: Good morning. Could you, going to Tony's comments at the end, what is remaining on the air quality expenditures, Rich, in terms of why it would take another month or so, month or two for you guys to finalize that?
A - Richard Marsh: Yeah, we're still finalizing the engineering design, for one thing Ashar, and that impacts the pattern of capital expenditures. We're still looking at market conditions in terms of shop space and availability, and working that through the equation in terms of how we want to design the program. So they are still going through the final phases of that. I'm confident by midyear we will be done with that, but that's a process that is still going on as we speak, actually.
Q - Ashar Khan: Okay, and then, just going back to the plans filed in Pennsylvania, could I ask you -- I guess they're earnings-enhancing as well as cash-flow-enhancing. Could you just describe what's the use if you're successful, what the use of those cash would be going forward?
A - Richard Marsh: Are you talking about the Pennsylvania plans?
Q - Ashar Khan: Yeah.
A - Richard Marsh: For Met-Ed and Penelec? You know, Terry's investment letter Ashar, really laid out a lot of the financial details regarding the filing, and I would refer you to that. And if there's additional detail questions, follow-up questions, it would probably be more expedient to handle that offline. But I think Terry's letter did a good job of laying out all the financial details regarding the filing.
Q - Ashar Khan: Okay Rich, my only issue is, if you had more cash, what would be the use of it going forward into the system?
A - Richard Marsh: We have talked before about our uses of cash in general, Ashar, in terms of growing the dividend, reinvesting in the business and repurchasing shares. And that priority I don't think we’ve changed. We have also talked about how over the next several years, in particular, starting in 2007 we will have significant capital outflows as a result of the air quality spending program, and also in terms of reinvesting in the wires business to improve reliability. So, to the degree we are able to realize additional cash, that will obviously help us keep all three of those priorities.
Q - Ashar Khan: Thank you.
A - Richard Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Greg Gordon from Citigroup.
Q - Greg Gordon: Thanks. Couple of questions on the '06 outlook and then one on '07. And we stand today looking at how well the Beaver Valley outage went and the number of customers that are coming back to the system, and we look at just the broad array of inputs that you gave in your 2006 guidance, in your Analyst Meeting, point to any structural issues that are different, you know, more customers coming back less Beaver Valley being up sooner, that would affect sort of movement up or down as we move through the year, looking at guidance?
A - Richard Marsh: A couple of factors, I guess Greg. Number one, obviously, the weather was mild during the period, and that restrained sales somewhat. So that would be a slight negative. As you mentioned, Beaver Valley coming back about 11 days ahead of schedule was a slight positive for us. The customers returning is actually – it’s not a positive for us from an earnings standpoint. Basically those are customers that are coming back to us at retail tariff rates. So what that does is it displaces our ability to do wholesale sales that actually generate a higher margin for us than under the retail tariff. So those customers are essentially all back at this point, though much of that migration occurred towards the end of last year. There's really virtually no shopping outside of our affiliates. So at this point, I don't expect that to change during the year, but those are the major dynamics.
Q - Greg Gordon: Thanks. And then, when we think about Penn Power, right now the Penn Power -- the utility is served completely by generation output from FirstEnergy's generation fleet, correct?
A - Richard Marsh: Correct.
Q - Greg Gordon: And so, when we think about the '07 -- the change in the dynamic there, at a minimum, the power that you're selling into Penn Power would be re-priced to something more comparable to where the wholesale market is. And if you win the competitive RFP, it could be at what we would consider to be a more -- a retail price more reflective of current wholesale conditions. Is that a fair way to think about it?
A - Richard Marsh: That is the right way to think about it, Greg.
Q - Greg Gordon: And how many megawatt hours do you expect to serve there this year? Is it about 4.6 terawatt hours of load?
A - Richard Marsh: Yeah, about 4.6.
Q - Greg Gordon: Okay thank you guys.
A - Richard Marsh: Thank you Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Steve Fleishman of Merrill Lynch.
A - Richard Marsh: Hello Steve.
Q - Steven Fleishman: Hi guys, how are you? Just to rehash on the Pennsylvania filing and the legal argument on it that you went through, Tony. Just under the initial deal with GPU that was done as part of stranded costs and all that, what you're saying is that it's very clear cut that they were only supposed to serve no more than 20% of the load?
A - Anthony Alexander: Yeah Steve, basically the document provides that for 80% shopping, and if you don't reach 80%, then the Commission is to change the generation price.
Q - Steven Fleishman: Okay, and then to get to the 20%?
A - Richard Marsh: Correct. To get to the –
A - Anthony Alexander: To get to the 80%.
A - Richard Marsh: 80%.
Q - Steven Fleishman: Right. And then my recollection is you then, kind of as part of the merger, then settled on a deferral plan to bring this up, to bring this generation rate up, but that got rejected in the courts for other issues, but that's kind of irrelevant at this point because the rate freeze in the dereg law is over?
A - Richard Marsh: The statutory generation cap expired at the end of 2005. That's correct.
Q - Steven Fleishman: Okay, what kind of reaction have you gotten politically to this filing? Has there been any big negative reaction to the rate increases, or has it been quiet?
A - Anthony Alexander: I think, generally Steve, I judge my reaction to it from what I've seen in the press, in the main. And overall, it has been very calm, also not a lot of customer calls into our call centers. So I'd say it was handled very professionally by the media, very fact driven, and at this point they are pretty straightforward. And again, I think in large measure they recognized two things: One, that the increase itself is relatively modest, given price increases that you are reading about elsewhere than the newspaper; and two, there hasn't been a price change in 15 or 20 years, which I think both bode well and favorable to the companies, particularly as people on the outside begin to look at the case.
Q - Steven Fleishman: And I guess this is a, I think a follow-up to Ashar because I frankly think I missed part of his question. But just to clarify on the share buyback, I think you have met every single driver that you were trying to meet except the environmental plan?
A - Richard Marsh: At this point we have, Steve. That's correct.
Q - Steven Fleishman: Okay. And your plan was to address all these by midyear. And is that still the case?
A - Richard Marsh: That is still the case.
Q - Steven Fleishman: Okay thank you.
A - Richard Marsh: Thank you. Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
A – Richard Marsh: Hi Paul.
Q - Paul Patterson: I just wanted to touch base with you on the tax rate. It looks like it decreased quarter-over-quarter. And just could you remind us what we should expect going forward?
A - Harvey Wagner: Yeah. Paul this is Harvey Wagner. The largest part of that is the amortization of tax regulatory assets that were being recovered by the former GTC charge, and that was amortized through the income tax line on the income statement. So that actually reduced the effective tax rate by about 5%. And then also last year, we had about 2% of the effective tax rate that was attributable to the non-deductibility of the penalties associated with the new source review case and the Davis-Besse fine. So those were the two primary drivers. So, also you might recall in the middle of 2005, the Ohio tax law changed, and that really is driving down for 2006 our marginal composite tax rate by about 1.5 percentage points. So those things taken together are what’s driving that.
Q - Paul Patterson: Okay and then, going forward, we should expect them to be pretty much the same as they were for the quarter?
A - Harvey Wagner: Yes.
Q - Paul Patterson: Okay so just going forward, this would be sort of the tax rate that we will be at.
A - Harvey Wagner: Right. In the 38, 39% range.
Q - Paul Patterson: Okay that’s great. And then, I noticed I know weather was bad, but industrial sales seemed to be, in everyone of your jurisdictions to be down pretty substantially. And we think of them as being less weather-sensitive. So I was wondering, are we seeing any elasticity there? Or are there any general economic conditions, or is it just anecdotal changes in each one of those jurisdictions as to why we are seeing industrial usage down so much?
A - Richard Marsh: Prices haven’t changed Paul for those customers, so it's not an elasticity impact. I think it's more related to general economic conditions. The story is probably a little bit different in the different areas of our service territory. Most of the industrial activity is in Western Pennsylvania and Northeast Ohio, area that's heavily dominated by steel, auto, glass related sort of manufacturing. I see the reports every month that come through in terms of our sales, and it tends to be almost a company-by-company analysis. Some are up, some are down. I can't point to any general overall trends other than general economic conditions.
Q - Paul Patterson: Okay so, I guess, because they can go back -- if they are shopping, I guess they can come back, so that hasn't changed any of the –?
A - Richard Marsh: Yes, it's not a shopping impact. And many of these customers are on very advantageous rates under contracts that were originated a long time ago, so these are our lowest-margin customers. So to the degree they are not using that power, doesn’t make it available for us to sell wholesale or to other higher-margin customers.
Q - Paul Patterson: Okay great. And then finally the healthcare benefits. You guys keep on doing very well in this area in terms of keeping expenses down, and I was just wondering this 6 million or so, how is that going to change going forward? Is it just a carryover from stuff that you were doing last year, or is there stuff you're continuing to do?
A - Richard Marsh: It really reflects the latest round of plan design changes, Paul. So you should see that stay passed at each quarter during the year.
Q - Paul Patterson: Thanks a lot.
A - Richard Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc.
Q - Paul Ridzon: Good morning, congratulations on a solid quarter.
A - Richard Marsh: Thanks Paul.
Q - Paul Ridzon: I don't want to beat a dead horse on the buyback and the last hurdle here, but, and I know the process is ongoing, but are things basically turning out as expected, or one end or other of the range that you talked about?
A - Richard Marsh: Are you talking about for the environmental program?
Q - Paul Ridzon: Yes.
A - Richard Marsh: You know, I don't expect the total number to change much, Paul. We have talked about that $1.6 to $1.8 billion range. But there could be some movement within the different years in terms of when we spend the capital. And as I mentioned before, we are looking at things like shop space availability, labor availability, material pricing, things like that which could lead us to either accelerate or defer spending in various years. So it really is down to that sort of more granular engineering analysis at this point. I don't expect the overall dollars on the program to change materially, but when they get expended could shift a little bit. That's really what we are looking at.
Q - Paul Ridzon: And then, on the Beaver Valley outage, picked up 11 days against budget. Is there some way to quantify that?
A - Richard Marsh: The old rule of thumb we used to use was $1 million a day for nuclear outage, a typical refueling outage. This was not a typical refueling outage though. Obviously, it was much more extensive than that. And the old rule of thumb we used to use for replacement power was about $1 million a day too, and that's probably not material anymore, given what prices are. So I don't have a number in my head, Paul but obviously there was a benefit to that.
Q - Paul Ridzon: And then on Ohio returning customers, is the rate of return different from assumptions upon which guidance is built or?
A - Richard Marsh: No, that was all built into guidance, Paul.
Q - Paul Ridzon: Are you seeing more or less than guidance?
A - Richard Marsh: No, it was pretty much as expected.
Q - Paul Ridzon: Okay. Thank you very much.
A - Richard Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Paul Fremont of Jefferies.
Q - Paul Fremont: Thank you, really two questions. One is on the targeted level of generation for the year, you guys were targeting over 80 million megawatt hours. The first quarter record result is that sort of in-line with getting to the annual target, or are you running better?
A - Richard Marsh: The first quarter result was consistent with our expectation. Paul.
Q - Paul Fremont: Okay. And the second question is on the Ohio front, I guess the Chairman of the Ohio Commission has indicated in past conversations with the investment community that he would be interested in sort of having companies initiate filings for addressing the period beyond the 2008 expiry of your plan. Do you see any type of filing taking place during the remainder of the year this year?
A - Anthony Alexander: I have not had that conversation, and I have not seen Dr. Schriber talk about that. But I don't contemplate -- at this point, I'm not contemplating any filing in Ohio this year.
Q - Paul Fremont: Thank you.
A - Richard Marsh: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Gregg Orrill of Lehman Brothers.
Q - Gregg Orrill: Thanks good morning.
A - Richard Marsh: Hi Gregg.
Q - Gregg Orrill: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about Powerspan, and what role that is going to play in your compliance on SOx and NOx, but also what the potential and testing is you are doing on CO2 control?
A - Richard Marsh: Let me try to give you an overview. I'm not an expert on Powerspan, but Powerspan is a unique proprietary technology that we are testing at one of our facilities; it’s called, I believe, electrocatalytic oxidation, which is a new method to remove pollutants. It is, we think, has a high model of potential in terms of both CO2 and removing some of the heavy metals such as Mercury, which makes this technology unique. So it is not yet in a commercialization stage, it is still at a testing stage. We are equity investor in Powerspan. I know our technology guys are very excited about the possibilities of this, but it still has to go through the full commercialization run, test run, to make sure that these benefits that they are at least potentially seeing at this point actually come through in practice. Another benefit of that technology is the byproduct that results as basically fertilizer, which obviously is a sellable byproduct. So rather than conventional technologies where you have sludges and other things, they have paint or gypsum or whatever has to be disposed of as in many cases. This provides you a byproduct that is actually sellable. So we are pretty excited about it. It still has ways to go, but we think that the potential is high.
A - Anthony Alexander: Actually we have committed Gregg to install this, and we are going through the preliminary engineering now to install this technology at one of our Bay Shore units in Ohio.
Q - Gregg Orrill: Thank you.
A - Richard Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from David Frank from Pequot Capital.
Q - David Frank: Yeah hi good morning.
A – Richard Marsh: Hi David.
Q - David Frank: Rich or Tony, could you tell us what the spread was between PJM West and Beaver Valley in the first quarter as far as power prices go?
A - Richard Marsh: I cannot.
A - Anthony Alexander: I can't either, David. We'll have to get back with you on that one.
Q - David Frank: Can you give us an idea of historically the kind of spreads you see between the two hubs?
A - Richard Marsh: Let us get back to you. I don't have that on the top of my head. We'll check with our commodity supply people and get back to you on that.
Q - David Frank: Okay, DQE was saying it could be -- it's currently around $15, but I don't know if that's inline with what you're seeing or projecting?
A - Richard Marsh: We will check with our knowledgeable people and give you a buzz back.
Q - David Frank: Do you think if you're successful and you no longer have to serve Met-Ed or Penelec at the tariff rate, given the potential spreads between the two zones, will you actually see a pickup in the margins if you are able to sell your power at around-the-clock wholesale spot prices?
A - Richard Marsh: It should be a pickup in margin. Obviously, PJM West is a lower-priced market than further east in PJM. But there still should be a pickup if we're successful in terms of reducing the amount of POLR load we provide to those two companies.
Q - David Frank: So you do think that the prices that -- you are seeing prices higher than, and even in the Beaver Valley area that are higher than your incumbent tariff?
A - Richard Marsh: Yes, correct.
Q - David Frank: Okay, and can you comment a little bit about the prices, one versus the other?
A - Richard Marsh: In terms of what those are?
Q - David Frank: Yeah, like what you're seeing versus what you are currently serving at?
A - Richard Marsh: No, because I don't have it on the top of my head. But we will get that for you, David. We'll check with our supply folks.
Q - David Frank: Okay great. Thank you.
A - Richard Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Dan Eggers from Credit Suisse.
A - Richard Marsh: Hi Dan.
Q - Dan Eggers: Hi, good morning, just given how well the power plants have been operating and being at record levels in the first quarter, do you guys still see room for improvement as we look out to 2007/2008, relative to where you expect 2006 to come out?
A - Richard Marsh: Looking at the fossil fleet, Dan, we need to divide it into a couple tiers, I guess. The baseload units have made enormous progress over the last few years, and there is still some room to go. But every year we are getting a little bit closer, probably to what they can theoretically run at. So, there is still potential in the mid-merit fleet or the load-following fleet, and that is one of the areas we are really focusing on right now in terms of how we run those units, and we are running them harder to generate additional output. So that's an area that we are focused on. And on the nuclear side, as Tony said, we have been focused on outage execution primarily, to make sure that those plants run breaker to breaker without any interruptions and then have crisply executed outages. So if you look at the generation of fleet as a whole, we think there is still some upside potential there for fleet, even though they have done a great job of improving.
Q - Dan Eggers: Do you have any concerns about coal supply, just as you continue to move up utilization levels at the coal plant as far as making sure you have enough coal in place for the rest of this year and looking beyond to make sure it's always available?
A - Richard Marsh: We have done a lot of work in terms of coal supply, both in terms of contracting for coal supplies and also the transportation to get that coal to our units. And I think we have been fairly successful in terms of that. To this point in time, inventories are at our target levels. We have not experienced any significant problems in part because we do have, typically multiple modes of delivery. We always try to have for our major units three modes of delivery: often barge, truck, rail, such that from a transportation standpoint we will be able to get that coal in. And with the contracts we have in place, we have not experienced any significant issues. Like many companies, some of the PRB deliveries have been down a little bit from prior expectations because of transportation constraints coming out of the basin. But with our fuel-switching ability, that has not been a major problem for us. So long answer to your question, no we don't see any problems at this point in terms of having the coal supply at our target levels going forward.
Q - Dan Eggers: Got it, and I guess one more related to that, commodity prices are obviously still quite high. The curves have come down from last fall or even the beginning of this year, say, at fourth-quarter conference call times. Is that going to have any impact on how we think about the range for guidance this year, when you think about wholesale sales?
A - Richard Marsh: It shouldn't. And I think prices are still within the realm that we had contemplated in the guidance, so I am not expecting any deviation from that.
Q - Dan Eggers: Got it thank you.
A - Richard Marsh: Thank you Dan. Why don't we take one more question, and then if there's any follow-ups, certainly Terry and Kurt will be happy to take those.
Operator: We have a follow-up question coming from Greg Gordon of Citigroup.
Q - Greg Gordon: Two quick questions, first, refresh my memory. Is a second-half buyback in your current earnings guidance?
A - Richard Marsh: No.
Q - Greg Gordon: And what is the statutory timing, the maximum potential statutory timing for a decision on the Met-Ed and Penelec rate case?
A - Richard Marsh: Nine months, which puts us in the first quarter of '07.
Q - Greg Gordon: Thank you guys.
Richard Marsh, SVP, Chief Financial Officer: Thank you. And we appreciate everybody's time and attention today. Thank you for being with us. If there's any follow-up questions, please feel free to give Terry or Kurt a buzz. And have a good day. Thank you.
Anthony Alexander, President, Chief Executive Officer: Thanks everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's FirstEnergy first-quarter earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-02-18 08:45:00) =====
Executives:
Analysts: Gregg Orrill, Citigroup   Charles Fishman, AG Edward   Bill Benjamin, Morgan Stanley   Steve Fleishman, Merrill Lynch   David Frank, Peacock Capital   Hugh Wynne, Sanford Bernstein   Paul Ridzon, Key McDonald   Ashar Khan, SAC Capital.   Paul Patterson, Glenrock Associates   Gregg Orrill, Lehman Brothers   Paul Fremont, Jeffries.   Margaret Brown, Citigroup   Vens Bunk, Womerns Management   Glen Wynne, Glenrock
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. My name is Natasha, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to FirstEnergy Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question and answer period. If you would like to ask a question during this time, please press “*” then the number “1” on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question press the “#" key, thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Kurt Turosky, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Kurt Turosky, Director, IR: Thank you, Natasha. During this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements with respect to revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects of the business of FirstEnergy Corp are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the Safe Harbor statement contained in a consolidated report to the financial community, which was released earlier today and is also available on our website under the earnings release link. Reconciliation for GAAP for various non-GAAP financial measures you need to refer today or also contained in that report as well on the investor relation section of our website. Participating in today's call are Tony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Rich Marsh, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Harvey Wagner, Vice President and Controller, and Jim Pearson, Treasurer. Perkins Alvin, Vice President of Investor Relations. I will now turn the call over to Tony Alexander.
Tony Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Kurt and good afternoon everyone. Thanks for joining us today. I am pleased with our performance in 2005, we made significant progress in executing our plans and everyone at FirstEnergy work hard to achieve these results and enhance shareholder value. I will start by reviewing our progress and highlighting our 2006 objectives and then Rich will discuss our fourth quarter financial results. Our financial results during the year either meet or exceed the expectations we established in our financial guidance. Our 2005 earnings guidance was initially established that $2.70 to $2.85 per share, we then raised this by $0.15 per share in July to $2.85 to $3 per share. Our normalized non-GAAP earnings for 2005 were $3 per share at the top of our revised guidance range. On a GAAP basis earnings were $2.62 per share for the year. In a similar fashion we initially established our 2005 non-GAAP cash generation guidance at $560 million and then raised that to $620 million in July, excluding the December voluntary pension plan contribution, our non-GAAP cash generation for 2005 was $688 million exceeding our guidance by $68 million. We ended the year with our debt capital ratio within our target range and successfully concluded our debt retirement program. During his initiatives four year term, we reduced outstanding debt and prepared securities by nearly $4 billion. Due to our strong performance and confidence in our outlook, our board raised our common stock dividend twice last year for a cumulative increase of 14.7%, additionally on November on 15th the board declared a 4.7% increase in the dividend payable March 1st 2006. Combined these three actions represented overall dividend increase of 20%. In addition to favorable financial results we also produced solid operational performance. Our possible nuclear generation groups establish in annual output record of 80.2 million megawatt hours during 2005 exceeding the previous record of 76.4 million megawatt hours that we said in 2004. This was driven by a higher possible generation, which set record output of approximately 15 million megawatt hours. Our base load fossil units operated at an 87% capacity packer, which places in top just on nationally. Our nuclear units beginning with the critical summer period starting in June run at 100% capacity factor for the reminder of the year. During the year our core fired Chinese unit II set the national record for the longest running single turbans steam generating unit in the nation's history. By completing 1017 days of continuous operations. That broke the previous record by nearly 200 days. In our transmission and distribution businesses, we have accelerated our capital investment to enhance our infrastructure and improve levels of customer service and reliability. We already seeing the benefits of this investment. For example our transmission reliability was near top, that’s out of the industry performance during 2005. And we expect the progress to continue over the next several years. We also results several important regulatory issues during the year. The JCP&L rate cases were successfully settled, and we implement a recovery mechanism higher for increase milestone transmission cost. Another milestone was the approval of our rate certainly planed by the higher commission. This will provide customers with lower and more certain rate levels for 2008. And was expected to provide the Company's greater earnings ability and consistency. The rate certainty plan gives us the ability to refer up to $450 million of delivery system improvement expenditures for future recovery. As well as the opportunity for current and to further recovery of fuel cost increases. The improvement of the rate certainty plan was an important element that our preparations for the transitions to competitive generation markets higher in 2009. We also saw two other important actions during the year. To better position us for the future. The first was the transfer of our own fossil and nuclear generation assets to a unregulated generation companies. This better alliance the ownership of these assets with their operational responsibilities and prepares us for the time, we were no longer subjected to a fixed power obligation to a regulated retail customers. Our generation played a sufficient cost effective from prepare to succeed in a comparative generation market. Second, we made a voluntary $500 million contribution to our pension plan in late December. This reduced a dead like obligation and we will be creative to earnings by about $0.06 per share during 2006 and in subsequent years. And also delays future funding requirements and minimize our exposure to potential pension reform legislation. We will place that investors responded positively to our performance as evidence by our 2005 total shareholder returns of 28.5%. Going forward we will build on our accomplished this year, by specifically focusing on further maximizing the performance of our generation fee, reinvesting in our various businesses to improve system reliability and perusing for and timely regulatory recovery as a eligible cost. This year we have several important plan generation outages that will be a key focus for us. On Monday of this week we started the complex outage that we revolve in unit 1. In addition to refueling we plan to replace the units first in generators as well as the reactor vessel head. The outage is expected the layouts 2 to 3 months and we resulted more efficient operations and shorter refueling outages in the future due to reduced inspection requirements. Refueling outages are also planned for Davis-Besse and Beaver valley unit 2. And the Davis-Besse outage is also expected to include the replacement of 2 reactor cooling process. Filling the mass fuel unit 2 outage is small, we plan to install high pressure dense packed turbans that will enable an additional 50 megawatt of output. Similar to the upgrade that we successfully completed at the unit 1 in 2005. Even with these planned outages, we expect that will achieve generation output in access of 81 million megawatt hours in 2006, which of course will be another record. Turning to our delivery business, we will continue to make substantial investments to improve our service infrastructure and retire levels of reliability for 4.5 million customers. As outlined at our analyst meeting in November, total capital spending in 2006 is projected to be above $1.1 million, with approximately 630 million of that year mark for our energy delivery business. Achieving forward and timely regulatory recovery of our cost, will remain a clinical priority we hope to achieve resolution on a number such issues in 2006, Rich will touch on these in just a minute. As I discussed in November analyst meeting FirstEnergy will considered our share repurchase program after we gain additional priority on three important milestone namely the cruel of the rate certain declined by the higher commission which occurred last month Completion of the Beaver valley unit I extended average and finalization of our environmental complaints plans for our fossil plans we continue to expect resolution of these issues in the first half of this year and at that time we will be ready to address the share repurchase program. I'm proud what we achieved in 2005 We look forwards to buildings on those results this year. I appreciate the support and confidence receive from the investment community. I'll show you that our management team will continue to work hard the future expectation through percentage and I'll turn up the call over to Rich for more detail of our financial results and other matter before we take question Rich
Rich Marsh - SVP & CFO: Thank you Tony for my portion of the presentation in my behalf of the re-purchase and consolidated report to the financial community that we issued today, and reported also posted on the inventor relation section of our corporate website. First with our fourth quarter results, turning back in the GAAP basis in the fourth quarter were $0.58 per share compared to $0.61 per share during the same period of 2004, normalize non-GAAP earnings were $0.77 per share excluded the key notes have effective in the accounting change of $0.09 per share and net unusual items of $0.10 per share this compares favorably to normalize non-GAAP earning of $0.72 per share in the final period of last year. During the quarter we recognize four unusual items. The first of these was the penalty associated with the permanent adjusted the first prosecution agreement regarding Davis-Besse reactor had issue, this reduce tuning by $28 million or $0.08 per share, the second was the $13 million or $0.04 per share impairment related to our non-core business. The third reflect the $13 million or $0.04 per share charge for potential assessment in a New Jersey state income order relating to prior years. And the final items was the benefit of 20 million or $0.06 per share resulting from adjustment the preferred tax right off associated with the higher work tax pledge legislation, this tends from our higher ex benefit associated with the $500 million voluntary pension contribution that made in December. Also during the quarter we adopted TIN 47 accounting for condition assets retirement obligations. This resulted in the accumulates to effort of an accounting change that reduces net income by $30 million or $0.09 per share. And important factor that contributed to the improvement normalize non-GAAP earnings during the period was a $56 million or $0.10 per share increased in our electric gross margins after adjusting for changes in regulatory deferrals This was driven by increased distribution deliveries continues strong performance from our generation fleet and the JCP&L rate increased. These positive were partially offset by the higher purchase power prices and increased fossil fuel expenses. Distribution delivery increase 4% in the final quarter part to that code weather with feeding the greed days been 7% higher than in the same period last year 2% of our normal Our total electric generation sale growth 7%, this is largely due to higher regulated retail sales from the code weather and the impact of the customers returning from all our suppliers for that's excess in our higher market. As Tony mentioned our nuclear partial generation fleets produce the notable performance throughout 2005. In the fourth quarter output increased 1.5 million megawatts hours or 8% compared with same period last year. Most of the entire generation reduce the severe increasing regulated retail loads which limited opportunity and capitalize on high margin wholesale sales. Other driver are of our improved financial performance included in $0.08 per share benefit from reduce nuclear operating expenses primarily due to the absence of the refueling outage during that quarter, and a $0.05 per share benefit from lower pension in other employee benefit costs. Factors that partially offset our earnings improvement included a $0.07 per share reduction from increase in PJM and MISO transmission costs, primarily attributable to higher congestion and ancillary service cost PJM. A $0.06 per share reduction from increases in depreciation and amortization expense partially due to a higher aisle transition cost amortization. And $0.04 per share reduction resulted from increase energy delivery expenses due to system reliability initiatives and higher uncollectible account costs. Uncollectible expenses increase significantly due to a search in customer bank proxy filings in the fourth quarter, prior to the effect of the new federal bank proxy you have. Net interest charges decline $4 million during the quarter due to reduce dept for preferred stock levels. Financing activities included the $140 million reduction for preferred securities and $343 million of refinancing. For the year we reduce debt preferred securities by $779 million and completed $678 million of refinancing and $80 million of re pricing. These results excluded the temporary increase in short term barring and defend the voluntary pension contribution in December. 2005 mark the end of our debt reduction programs. Over the last four years we've reduce nearly $4 billion of debt for preferred securities and lowered our debt total capital ratio from 67% at the end of 2001, so about 56% that year-end 2005. Going forward, the focus of our financing plan will shift from that reduction, the capital structures management. This will include reducing debt at the holding company its outstanding issues mature including the $1 billion or 5.5 note series do in November, issue into our new debt some of our utility to achieve capital structures that are appropriate in the free banking context and maintaining the consolidated debt capital ratio at the current level. This will entire issue for the additional debt overtime as equity growth so that we can maintain our targeted debt ratio. Finally, I'll like to briefly update you on several regulatory initiatives related to our continued efforts to gain full time the recovery relative to cost. We were preparing submit regulatory filing in Pennsylvania seek recovery of increased cost that our metropolis medicine and Pennsylvania electric utilities. We believe that our current transmission, distribution and generation rates taken together resulted and effort returns for both utilities. You may recall that we previously saw the differ increase PJM service in congestion cost in Pennsylvania. We expect to provide notice or tend to file these cases in the March to April time frame followed by the filling itself not less than 30 days later. We will able to discuss these cases in more detail once we make the fillings. We also have a securitization request standing before nuclear report of public utilities. The board recently selected as their financial advisor and we hope to receive a cruel for the transaction during the second quarter. Following a 45 days appeal period of securitization could take place early in the third quarter. And the amount securitized could range from a $177 million to as much as $277 million. Finally we've also filed for $165 million increased in the non-utility generation cost for JCP&L. And if approved this request for the recover above market cost associated with low contracts and increase our cash flow but have no impact on earnings. Let me concluded by saying that well, Tony and I gratified by our performance and results in 2005. We remain very mindful of the need to again see the expectations of our investors and customers in 2006 and beyond. I guess found plans in place to do this and I think we have the right chain to execute this plan. With our continued focused on operation last months, reinvestment in our business timely recovery of regulated cost and an aggressive approach to increasing productivity and reducing expenses and I am confident that will continued to improve the various proposition for both our investors and customers. We appreciate your support and interest in Firstenergy as well as you time today and I'll now like to have Natash should open the call for questions from analysts. Thank you.
Operator: At this time I would like to remind everyone if you would like to ask a question press "*" then the number "1" on your telephone keypad. Will pause for just a moment to compile the q&a roster. Your first question is coming from Gregg Orrill of Citigroup.
Q - Gregg Orrill: Thanks good afternoon gentlemen
A - Tony Alexander: Hi Gregg
Q - Gregg Orrill: Couple of quick questions, what the aggregate equity investment and what was the average equity return on your Pennsylvania investments in 2005?
A - Tony Alexander: We are pulling against together right at this point. We can get in this specifics as we say all the things filing our and notice of impact the market state of timeframe so there would it all filing in that April to May timeframe so can get under specifics at this point.
Q - Gregg Orrill: Okay looking at page 10 of your release the non-GAAP reconciliation of cash flows that number that’s $347 million at the bottom line is a little bit wider than what you guys are projected in November. It looks like that there were some positives in operating cash flow related to non-operating items and then is this negative other in that of $280 million which is of additions to modestly higher CapEx so can you walk us through what those, what those positives and negatives are and why you came out modestly below the target
A - Tony Alexander: Of a big driver there was pension contribution that we made in December Gregg and that after tax basis that's $341 million paid on that you are seeing now so, part of that would have been you know $688 million approximately so that was really the difference.
Q - Gregg Orrill: The last item is in November was a $10 million positive from other net and you came in at $280 million negative so that was like a $230 million swing which, either to some of the positive items on the cash from operating activities lines so what was that item or what are those series of items.
A - Harvey Wagner: Gregg this is Harvey Wagner, one of the items that was not included before what’s the return of the cash collateral one item, credit ratings were upgraded by us in peak and you see that up in the net cash from operating activity. So to keep things on a comparable basis that was removed as part of the other net down below to get through the non-GAAP number
Q - Gregg Orrill: Okay, thanks the another item that’s the you distribute critical plants perform very, very well and you highlighted that in your comments Tony, yes I think your goal on a overall fossil performance for the year that was 66% CapEx was came in about 200 basis points below that would have employed some of your other plans didn’t operate up to your targets is that in fact correct or is that something wrong from this thing.
A - Tony Alexander: Gregg, I think all of plans operated pretty close to plan might sense is that there is, if there is if there were any slight deviation from that it's probably related to utilization in terms whether after power can replaced in the market
Q - Gregg Orrill: Okay if you want that for I just want to make sure there weren’t any operating issues
A - Tony Alexander: No they were not
Q - Gregg Orrill: Okay final question a little bit on the release, I can see a -- back a couple of years ago when FirstEnergy solutions were still, getting in to other markets outside your jurisdiction you want to 11 trenches of the BGS there are 56 around $55.5 those contracts were often in May '06 and one of items that impact your earnings in the fourth quarter was higher congested I am wondering if that’s directly related to those Load-Serving obligations and when those will are you making money or losing money on those contracts right now when they roll off, is the impact of that roll off fully reflected in your current '06 guidance
A - Tony Alexander: We are making money on those transactions now and the impact of those really now is reflected in our earnings guidance.
Q - Gregg Orrill: Okay thank you guys
A - Tony Alexander: Sure, thank you Gregg
Operator: Your next question is coming from Charles Fishman of AG Edward
Q - Charles Fishman: Wholesale generating revenues for fourth quarter and full year wholesale.
A - Tony Alexander: Sorry, I miss the first part of your question Charles.
Q - Charles Fishman: Of the generating revenues, could you break a damp in wholesale and retail
A - Tony Alexander: Sure
Q - Charles Fishman: That will corresponds the sales the actual kilowatt hour sales, megawatt hour sales
A - Tony Alexander:
Off the mike comments: not the kilo but the actual revenues are correspond that was a wholesale kilowatt hour sales just want I am looking for
A - Tony Alexander: And this is Kurt Turosky, in the fourth quarter the wholesale, our sales revenue are about $360 million
Q - Charles Fishman: 360
A - Tony Alexander: Yes
Q - Charles Fishman: And for the full year do you have plan that
A - Tony Alexander: I can get back to offline on that.
Q - Charles Fishman: That will be fine thank you.
A - Tony Alexander: It’s about the $1.4 billion for the year, can you hear that Charles
Q - Charles Fishman: Yes $1.4 billion
A - Tony Alexander: It's correct
Q - Charles Fishman: Thank you
A - Tony Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from Bill Benjamin of Morgan Stanley.
Q - Bill Benjamin: Hi, good morning
A - Tony Alexander: Hi Tason
Q - Bill Benjamin: Could you talk about any data points receiving in Pennsylvania regarding Penn power, RFP process proposal, I guess it in Mike of the archive results that a small utility there had.
A - Tony Alexander: Where we question RFP process solid with the where we see there is a lot of discussion how about what market rates are until four, we’ve not get any specific kind its back in our proposal which is, and now the mechanism behind that is suppose toward final result would be so, when we have with that we now expect to receive the decision from the sort of in the first week of March and probably with the machine about probably around the beginning of the April.
Q - Bill Benjamin: Great thanks and as far as uses of cash is that basically stand as what you have said at the analyst meeting by last year possible stock buyback in the second half of this year.
A - Tony Alexander: Yes there is really but no change in our views and use of cash flow
Q - Bill Benjamin: Great thanks very much
A - Tony Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Steve Fleishman of Merrill Lynch
Q - Steve Fleishman: Hi guys
A - Tony Alexander: I got you Steve
Q - Steve Fleishman: In your commentary on the Pennsylvania rate filing you said you are going to file for a change in transmission distribution and generation, could you just clarify on the generation piece since I thought that was frozen with the polar contracts.
A - Tony Alexander: Again Steve, that our cases being prepared right now and we have more to talk about what is actually noticed towards the end of March or April.
Q - Steve Fleishman: Okay, but you are going to address generation, is what you said
A - Tony Alexander: As Rich indicated that we believe when you conclude transmission, distribution and generation, the returns are in adequate.
Q - Steve Fleishman: Okay and your refries on T&D expire allow those, is that correct, new Pennsylvania
A - Tony Alexander: That’s correct
Q - Steve Fleishman: Okay and then you never receive that the full accounting order
A - Tony Alexander: That’s correct is that out there?
Q - Steve Fleishman: Okay, thank you
A - Tony Alexander: Thank you Steve
Operator: Your next question is coming from David Frank of Peacock Capital
Q - David Frank: Hi good afternoon
A - Tony Alexander: Hi David
Q - David Frank: I guess obviously the recent, the result for the recent New Jersey BGS auction we are currently profound, is the main purpose of the upcoming Pennsylvania regulatory filings that litigate future increases in un-recover purchase power expense?
A - Tony Alexander: Now the main purpose is to deal with fundamentally and what we believe to be in adequate returns and how those are shape will be a part of the case that there will be talking about later half on in the filing
Q - David Frank: Okay, and Tony no respect in queue most queue that FE has changed its wholesale power agreement with channel like to provided I guess a option over the next year to terminate the agreement at any time with 60 days notice. Are you even in fastest to bring sensitive Firstenergy from that had internal act and it’s so what’s that’s for able to taken.
A - Tony Alexander: I don’t think we are going to process that doing that we just made a business decision there.
A - Harvey Wagner: Yes, what’s part of as specific length strategy, David I wouldn’t for that way I mean it’s a decision because of flexibility but its not part of this specific Ring-fencing approach.
Q - David Frank: Okay well I guess you had agreement before which allows you to break it once a year
A - Tony Alexander: Right
Q - David Frank: Why the necessity over the next 12 months where I guess next year to have it to be able to be broken on 60 days notice.
A - Tony Alexander: Well I think it large for David, its because there is, at this point there is essentially no shopping Ohio also that load is coming back to the Ohio Companies and it’s a question how we are going to deal with that kind of issue going forward.
Q - David Frank: To the Ohio, I am sorry the shopping, the agreement was with the Pennsylvania utilities so.
A - Tony Alexander: I understand that for primarily supported by generation that was, that’s used to support the higher loads but the shopping in Ohio. There was move free more to ship into the Pennsylvania markets. That’s being work through right now.
Q - David Frank: I see, and your blended polar price in Pennsylvania is I want to say somewhere in the 40's
A - Tony Alexander: Yes its right 46, about
Q - David Frank: Okay, thank you
A - Tony Alexander: Thanks David.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Hugh Wynne of Sanford Bernstein
Q - Hugh Wynne: Hi Harvey
A - Harvey Wagner: Hi Hugh
Q - Hugh Wynne: A couple of quick questions on the chart on page 6, which compares the fourth quarter of ’04 and ’05. On the first line the increase in regulatory services revenues and the decrease on power supply management revenues, I think it thus related to the shift in consumption of power from competing retailers in Ohio and Pennsylvania to FirstEnergies power supply and therefore an increase in a year to regulated sales versus year. On regulated sales, am I wrong about that?
A - Harvey Wagner: Hugh, this is Harvey Wagner, on the regulated segments that’s all strictly increases in deliveries on our distribution side of our business under the Power supply management I don’t if you recall, we adopted a new reporting methodology for wholesale transactions in the PJM market in 2005.
Q - Hugh Wynne: Right
A - Harvey Wagner: And doing so, there was a reduction of wholesale sales comp comparatively for the prior year in the quarter of about $240 million
Q - Hugh Wynne: Okay, so that’s why it reflects in that due accounting.
A - Harvey Wagner: That’s correct
Q - Hugh Wynne: Now going down on this line 4 other have actually get should interrupt in other revenues, regulator services that been increase by the revenues at Power supply management services.
A - Harvey Wagner: It’s a primarily transmission related
Q - Hugh Wynne: Why would it increase the revenues on one side and reduce the money other
A - Harvey Wagner: The transactions on wholesale side by the power supply managements services segment were increased
Q - Hugh Wynne: And then this was, I am sorry, could you just give me any more color on that I am not understanding.
A - Harvey Wagner: Just a volume of transactions going through the system for the unregulated side of our business have collecting more transmission revenue.
Q - Hugh Wynne: Alright, and reason why down on the regulated side
A - Harvey Wagner: Again leverages is be a function of the transactions. We can get through a more detail on that you, I believe the, on the regulated side about half of that differences due to a reduction in transmission revenue.
Q - Hugh Wynne: Right, may be I call it occurred afterwards
A - Harvey Wagner: That could find, we will walk in to that
Q - Hugh Wynne: Then the going down to the expenses level we have a major change in the amount of fuel consume, in the amount of purchase power, at the Power supply managements services, I think is this just a reflection of the reduction and outages that your nuclear flee, that’s right?
A - Harvey Wagner: Oh, again the purchase power is also affected by that PJM netting transaction so, that’s $240 million on that, and the difference in the fuel cost, differences in the fuel mix and increased fuel prices.
Q - Hugh Wynne: Okay.
A - Tony Alexander: For as this quarter is the last time I’ll see that, PJM netting issue that will now to half a way beginning with the first quarter of ’06, so it will make the comparison be there.
Q - Hugh Wynne: Okay, and the final quick question, if I could, we have a $27 million, increase in operating expenses of the regulated, I’m sorry, decrease operating expenses of the regulated services segment, those but they are from 448 in ’04 to 421 in ’05. Yet on the first periods of the released you talked about significant increase of $22 million and Energy delivery expenses, what accounts then for the large decline in other operating expenses for the regulated services?
A - Harvey Wagner: Which specific line when you
Q - Hugh Wynne: Look at line 9, on page 6.
A - Harvey Wagner: Okay. I don’t know if he gets the answer in your fingertips.
Q - Hugh Wynne: Out of it would be the reduction in our employee benefit cost, pension and other falls retirement benefits.
A - Harvey Wagner: That’s related to the funding of the hedged plan I suppose.
A - Tony Alexander: Well that’s a part of it, that we’ve also had changes in our Health care plans that have must going forward as well.
Q - Hugh Wynne: This were obviously more than enough that’s a increase in your deliveries side.
A - Tony Alexander: That would be part of that, that’s okay.
Q - Hugh Wynne: Okay. Alright thank you very much.
A - Tony Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: Yours next question is coming from Paul Ridzon of Key McDonald.
A - Tony Alexander: Hi Paul.
Q - Paul Ridzon: Hi how are you.
A - Tony Alexander: How are you doing?
Q - Paul Ridzon: How much of your prior and combat loaded is currently shopping?
A - Tony Alexander: Well outside of our FAS regulated subsidiary very little. Everybody is already left.
A - Harvey Wagner: Everybody is already, well everybody has come, basically all the customers had come back to First energy.
Q - Paul Ridzon: That’s Okay, have a lots of competitors suppliers?
A - Harvey Wagner: Yes.
Q - Paul Ridzon: And then, with the return of the high or low outage in which I’d mean ,so Pennsylvania, how does that, how do you thinking about maybe getting longer, either at acquisitions or otherwise?
A - Harvey Wagner: Paul, I don’t think it has any effect on our near term strategy, in terms of how we intended deploy cash. But what we have said in the past, I mean we are incrementally upgrading our facilities at the maximum planned as an example over the next, including what we did in ’05 and over the next two years we’re add about a 150 Megawatts to the system. We are in the process of upgrading some of our nuclear facilities so that they able to produce additional kilowatts force, that’s the near term plan at this point.
Q - Paul Ridzon: And the types of annual rate case, also mitigate some of the pressures?
A - Tony Alexander: In terms of the power supply, Paul is that what you are saying?
Q - Paul Ridzon: If anyone can address the generation side, when you are going to Pennsylvania, that was a kind of a strategy that as well.
A - Tony Alexander: Again Paul, we said we haven’t talk specifically about the components of that case as just being developed right now.
Q - Paul Ridzon: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And the next question is coming from Ashar Khan of SAC Capital.
Q - Ashar Khan: Good afternoon. Most of the question answers just going back to, you said JCPL, the timing of that case in the decision on that case in terms and, could you just repeat the cash flow amount if you get a positive decision?
A - Tony Alexander: Above 155 I share.
Q - Ashar Khan: When do you file and when do you expect the decision?
A - Tony Alexander: We’ve already filed, and you know what we expect the decisions specifically, but.
Q - Ashar Khan: Okay.
A - Tony Alexander: Okay we filed on December, there is no statutory time limit on.
Q - Ashar Khan: Okay, but.
A - Tony Alexander: Sorry, we are not talking about the securitization, are you talking about–
Q - Ashar Khan: No, I’m talking about the separately what you mention. But that is not in your cash flow guidance is that correct?
A - Tony Alexander: That is correct.
Q - Ashar Khan: Okay, and when do you expect that the nuclear at back on line is it May?
A - Tony Alexander: You are talking about nuclear Beaver Valley?
Q - Ashar Khan:
A - Tony Alexander: So that I would just, started this week actually, really Monday morning and its going to be a 2, 3 month outage.
Q - Ashar Khan: Okay, thank you.
A - Tony Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Q - Paul Patterson: Good afternoon guys, how are you?
A - Tony Alexander: Hi Paul
Q - Paul Patterson: Just wanted to touch if you on the total hedge position you guys with respect to your pole in Pennsylvania, and so high yield with the returning customers and everything else, what are we talking about in terms of exposure, to your purchase power obligation with here, you guys have send some operate do you guys have, if you are move in pieces here, what are we looking at in terms of how hedged you are from, 2006 through I guess if we end of the board.
A - Tony Alexander: Looking at 6 and 7, first I think we’re affectively net move in both PJM and MISO, for that timeframe, now, when you talk about different periods of time obviously its going to change after 2008 and when the call is expected to go way in the half, do that point of time, where well covered for in each in both stage, clearly, 2008 at the end of the year to our callers expected to go away and then we’re much longer in both markets as well.
Q - Paul Patterson: Okay, so in generally speaking, there should be a big increase in purchase power expenses, for ’06 through ’08, right, in system wide, you guys are pretty well covered, am I correct on that?
A - Tony Alexander: Yes.
Q - Paul Patterson: Okay, so, I know you guys also want to talk about the Pennsylvania case in detail, but, we are now looking at you guys being exposed to the substantial way in terms of getting recovery at purchase power expenses out there, is that correct?
A - Tony Alexander: We’ve talked that the past about our hedging strategy so far as, lets take the so the details about what the PA case, well around you, but now we’ve been affective it trying to make sure that we have to supply 12 folder application runs, and I know how I think we’ve as affective in doing that.
Q - Paul Patterson: Okay, and then we are also want to ask you guys was, in 2006, we are not expecting any impact in the Pennsylvania cases in your guidance, is that correct?
A - Tony Alexander: That’s correct.
Q - Paul Patterson: Okay, and then finally, with respect to the Bankruptcy, law and the impact on the other, the uncollectible which sounds likes an unusual item to a certain degree, can you break out what happened there and we’d be faced to assume that probably was unusual more shall up in ’06?
A - Tony Alexander: Yes, I think that was a one kind of that, driven by the new bankruptcy laws, were a lot of people wanted to file with the advents of the scripter laws, so that’s should not be a recurring t kind in that.
Q - Paul Patterson: But how much was that I guess, it’s you mentioned in the $22 million per delivery expenses, but how much of that I guess was, from the bankruptcy thing?
A - Tony Alexander: About $8 million.
Q - Paul Patterson: Okay, and then finally, would you expect the PJM and MISO expenses, when you guys are in November, you guys saw that’s giving the 2006, and you felt RTO came from losing calls, hurting by about $0.05 of share, is there any change, or you can elaborate a little bit of what’s you guys are seeing when we expected the PJM and this, yeah, this high can just in entry service cost, and how you see them spending going forward and what have you, and what is not that’s up $0.05 number still hold?
A - Tony Alexander: We have the mechanism is so high, to recover those forms or regulated service area, so the issue really becomes PJM cost. In the fourth quarter the net increase in PJM cost was about $37 million dollars as resulted in the congest in the service cost, but I think probably trending and expectation with our earlier thoughts, we are obviously take a number into our ’06 expect in terms of what those cost will be, we don’t see anything, we just believe that’s going to be grows with different than that. But may obviously, now it is that right under was very focus on this big number for us.
Q - Paul Patterson: Okay, great, thanks a lot.
A - Tony Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question is coming from Gregg Orrill of Lehman Brothers
Q - Gregg Orrill: Thanks my question has been answered.
A - Tony Alexander: Thanks Gregg.
A - Harvey Wagner: Thanks Gregg.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Paul Fremont of Jeffries.
Q - Paul Fremont: Thanks just a clarification in terms of one of our Patterson questions, through the '06 mail 7 timeframe your net long based on the generation that you all in plus the hedges that you haven’t place for Pennsylvania is that sort of correct?
A - Rich Marsh: Yes
Q - Paul Fremont: And the hedges I assume end in '07 so, in '08 why you still are obligated to cervical higher customers I think through the end of 2008, right. Would you actually be next short in '08?
A - Rich Marsh: Your presumption that the hedges end in the end of '07 is not correct so far, so much still hedges continue many of them continue on over time.
Q - Paul Fremont: Okay, so I guess just looking at '08 independently, would you characterize yourself as still net long in '08 describe the fact you still have an ongoing obligation to serve the all higher puller customers?
A - Rich Marsh: That’s not specifically, yes can't tell you specifically, don’t know the answer at this point it close to probably neutral.
Q - Paul Fremont: I guess the other question that I have is, with respect to your plus for differed accounting figure in Pennsylvania I trust from your answer Rich, that it was not that you are you didn’t get sanative yes or no out of the commission, the commission simply fail to act on that request?
A - Rich Marsh: It is not acted on our request, there is an intervention in that case and, nothing is been scheduled.
Q - Paul Fremont: Okay, thank you very much.
A - Rich Marsh: Thank you Paul.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Margaret Brown of Citigroup
Q - Margaret Brown: My question is been answered, thank you.
A - Tony Alexander: Thanks Maggie
Operator: Your next question is coming from Vens Bunk of Womerns Management.
A - Tony Alexander: Hello Ven
Q - Vens Bunk: Hi. With respect to the potential times of being the filing, would you take as it as sort of very standard rating as of return were, is this the situation where you've been able to where, the calculations or there is the trustworthy or the methodologies a little bit unusual and therefore you've been able to discuss the potential structures with commission before hand?
A - Tony Alexander: Ven, I'm not going to characterize this case at all.
Q - David Frank: Okay. Thank you.
A - Tony Alexander: Thanks Ben.
Operator: And next question is coming from Ban Venken of State of this conference
Q - Ban Venken: Hi good afternoon. I have a few things here. First on the, nuclear plate, I was wondering that you may said the overall capacity factor in '05 was 87.2, you have left the capacity factor less had to tune in?
A - Tony Alexander: Yeah we didn’t get you that. I will give you that offline.
Q - Ban Venken: Okay and then among the outages, I didn’t catch what outages you are going to add to other besides the beaver valley I unit, that’s gone on right now what is the other outages in '06.
A - Tony Alexander: Sure, the other outages in '06 is of there is two others Ban, we have which is going down in the March time frame and that will be one to two months type of outages involves refilling at some of the reacted property replacement, so it’s a more involved then this typical straight we feel in, and then also we have Beaver Valley 2 which will be conventional refilling average in the October timeframe that to be about one month outage.
A - Rich Marsh: Or else, by the way we also have may have main scale unit II, to upgrade the environmental equipment and to install the gents factor is better we talk about, and I'll take place this call.
Q - Ban Venken: How long will be that advanced for that outages be about?
A - Rich Marsh: My guess is again that’s probably 2 to 3 months outage.
A - Tony Alexander: Okay it's probably reasonable run given the number and length as some of these strategies that might be lower in '06 and then in you where in '05 or '07.
A - Rich Marsh: No actually the average days will be less than '06 and then '05. If the numbers gained you to ask for full year 2005 capacity factors, beaver valley I was actually a 101.4% beaver valley II was 91.8 they Davis-Besse was 92.3 and that was 69.3 obviously impacted by the first outage at the beginning of the year than the expected fueling outage.
Q - Ban Venken: Okay, so would expect those capacity factors then it will be higher in ’06, you thought response to would the expenses related to that probably be lower than as well.
A - Rich Marsh: Last year was unusual year, and we did have the extended outage in the first outage periods so these outages this year will be more conventional outages, so that’s why we are staying at the nuclear generation here the Nuclear generation outage will be last in '06, and then '05.
Q - Ban Venken: Okay.
A - Rich Marsh: We are obviously the stream replacement that’s a big unit for our sale, significant cost component some of which is already been expanded with capital going outside, well we have an on going benefit towards in the future since future outages will be shorter and will have less inspection on that.
Q - Ban Venken: Okay then you mentioned in your press release that you completed the transfer of units to non regulated, that kind of little bit about your capital structure management, do you anticipate to talk about pushing some dept down property against you despite assuming that was particular twinkles.
A - Rich Marsh: Well long-term, our over urging view to be able to position our regulated business and investment great entity, so obviously that by certain levels of capitalization, well we are really focusing on as making sure that we are going regulated operating company that level that are appropriate in a right making contacts. So you don’t want those to be over advertise as the beginning of regulatory cycle, that’s were we want to focus is.
Q - Ban Venken: So when do you refinance that to spend you got it some likely to be operating, its was regulated operating.
A - Rich Marsh: That’s right.
Q - Ban Venken: I think I had one more question. And also in the fourth quarter the interest expense was up versus a year ago over downs that due to higher interest rates.
A - Rich Marsh: Yeah, part of that if the interest on the accrued tax recognized related to New Jersey
Q - Ban Venken: Okay, so without that would have been lower.
A - Rich Marsh: If would been pretty flat actually.
Q - Ban Venken: Okay do your expect even lot of rates have down and your balances what do you expect interest to be above flat and higher lower end of ’06 and then ’05.
A - Rich Marsh: Still be lowered ’06 and then 05.
Q - Ban Venken: Okay and that's all of have been thank you
A - Rich Marsh: Well, I appreciate Ban thank you right only in the interest of time take one more caller and then if there is any follow up question we can handle those offline
Operator: Your last question is coming from Glen Wynne of Glenrock
Q - Glen Wynne: Good afternoon
A - Tony Alexander: How are you
Q - Glen Wynne: I am good thanks. Could you just remind me what you’re targeting for credit rating so parent company and the new GENCO.
A - Tony Alexander: That the parent company were targeting strong it will ratings, regulated business is we are looking to have it be investment grade.
Q - Glen Wynne: Investment grade at the GENCO
A - Tony Alexander: One of the entities where you should likely be FTS which is the, if you are holding Company for the GENCO
Q - Glen Wynne: This is sure related to the last caller's question you depending transferring from the crucial control of that, and offset to the GENCO I'm wondering what happen to that plan.
A - Tony Alexander: Yes that will happen we are not obligated transfer that underwriting certain time constraint of we will do that opportunistically over time when it makes second of extends to that. It’s the longer eventually that conclusion will migrate over to the generating company from the operating company.
Q - Glen Wynne: Thank you very much.
A - Tony Alexander: Thank you very much and we appreciated everybody time and attention today is there any further follow up question that we didn’t get to please gets various protocol, we appreciate everybody times today and appreciate your continued interest in Firstenergy, so I hope everybody has a great day, thank you very much.
Rich Marsh - SVP & CFO: Thanks everyone, bye now.
Operator: This concludes todays Firstenenrgy's fourth quarter earnings conference call, you may now disconnect.
